 I adopted a 3yr old choc lab 10 months back . She is super well behaved & has no bad habits at all -LRB- god bless -RRB- . I gave her a few toys to entertain her while we are not home & does not really take to anything too much . 6 months back a friend got her a small squeaky santa looking toy & she took to it immediately & played with it every day till last week when it finally gave way . I ordered this furry friend from Amazon & it arrived today 01/30/12 & I gave it to her . It was an instant hit & I was so relieved . Not even 5 mins later it was destroyed & there was fur all over . I just could not believe it . A KONG toy gone in minutes . Absolutely unacceptable . Today itself I am returning it to Amazon . I do not believe I will get a refund as it was used but I should get one for the poor quality of the product . I will update this .
 My Frenchy Pug shredded this frog in less than a week . Most KONG toys are very durable and they are about the only manufacture that I can rely on for a durable product . This frog failed in every aspect of being durable . KONG COZIE BLUE DOG is a much better choice for a dog that tends to destroy toys .
 We have a dog which can destroy most dog toys in no time . We only buy kong toys now because most other toys only lasted a few days . Well this toy does not live up to the other kong toys we have bought . As a matter of fact we gave it to him last night and this morning it was nothing but pieces . I still suggest Kong toys , but you might want to stay away from this one .
 Do n't be fooled by the `` KONG '' name on this toy . This toy in no way lives up to the reputation of the tough Kong rubber chew toy . My 15-lb . dog destroyed this frog in about 15 minutes . It comes with an extra squeaker which is nice except with the toy ripped to shreds I really do n't need the extra squeaker . I 've had much better luck with the Kyjen pet toys .
 Got this for a daschund , she loved it , but it is NOT durable at all . There are better choices out there !
 I have yet to find a toy that my 9 month old Jug -LRB- Pug & JRT Mix -RRB- ca n't destroy in less then 1 hour . She manages to pull the pouch out - by the eyes of the animal - and just goe 's to town with it . I will have to stick with cheaper toys , it does n't seem to matter if they are $ 2 or $ 12 toys , she has destroyed them all within 30 min or less .
 I have bought several of these Kong stuffed animals for my dog . She loves then and they last a long time.I was completely taken aback when I opened this package . The item is completely different than shown -- much lower quality that it used to be , and not what is in the picture . I ca n't imagine that it would last more than a few minutes with my border collie mix . I plan to return it.Shame on Kong for changing their products to this cheap item !
 our dog biggie is notorious for destroying any stuffed toys . this one lasted longer than other ones -LRB- usually gone in 10 minutes -RRB- . this was in part due to the fact that we watched him with it and tried to deter him from destroying it so fast . but within a week this lil frog did n't last . we no longer buy stuffed toys for him - only hard rubber - it 's just a waste of money to buy these and have the stuffing all over the floor !
 First of all this frong looks nothing like the picture . It has no body to it and is almost all long strings for the hair . IT looks a lot bigger in the picture than it really is . Any kind of dog could stread this in minutes . I was afraid to even give this to my dog for fear he 'd eat it in two bites .
 The Duncraft 18202 Safe Haven Wild Bird Feeder With Metal Seed Tray has several problems making it a waste of money . First , a design flaw makes it impossible to clean so when it rains the seeds congeal together and there is no way to get the old seed out . Second , another design flaw makes the thing apt to fall down to the ground -LRB- the rope is still connected to the top of the feeder but the top of the feeder and rest of the feeder wo n't stay together .
 The roof leaked during a light rain and all the seed was ruined . The design seems guaranteed to leak . I sealed mine with acquarium sealer , but I do n't know if that will work . Gray squirrels ca n't get in , but red squirrels sure can , so it is only squirrel-proof if grays are the only ones in your yard . It is very heavy and needs serious support to hold it up .
 We were excited to find this feeder , but the use of it has proven to be a let down . First off , when it rains , all of the food gets wet and spoils . Once that happens , you will get your next surprise . There is no way to really disassemble this feeder to get it completely clean . The best you can do is to remove the cage , top and the bottom plate ; everything else is together to stay . This makes cleaning difficult and incomplete.I thought that Duncraft would stand behind this feeder , but they said that since they did n't sell it , they wo n't exchange it or take it back . So , you are pretty much on your own purchasing it from here as we did . I guess that is true of any retailer that sells their feeders then.I would stay away from this feeder and keep looking .
 They did n't last three days , walking less than an hour each time . The bottom `` Sturdy , protective polyvinyl nonskid soles '' are plastic and breakdown when the temps are freezing or below . Without walking on any pavement/concrete , our Lab tore through the first boot on day one , another on day two , and shredded a third boot within five minutes of playing fetch on snow .
 My dog refused to wear the boots . She repeatedly kicked them off . They did not stay on . Dogs really wear them ?
 I purchased 2 small dog rhinestone collars , that could have been mailed in an envelope but instead were mailed in a huge box and I was charged $ 9 + AND the collars were garbage . Within 3 days 7 rhinestones had fallen out of one of the collars . 3 DAYS !!!! And this on a little lap dog !!!! I will never EVER buy from KAKADU again .
 I purchased 2 small dog rhinestone collars , that could have been mailed in an envelope but instead were mailed in a huge box and I was charged $ 9 + AND the collars were garbage . Within 3 days 7 rhinestones had fallen out of one of the collars . 3 DAYS !!!! And this on a little lap dog !!!! I will never EVER buy from KAKADU again .
 I purchased 2 small dog rhinestone collars , that could have been mailed in an envelope but instead were mailed in a huge box and I was charged $ 9 + AND the collars were garbage . Within 3 days 7 rhinestones had fallen out of one of the collars . 3 DAYS !!!! And this on a little lap dog !!!! I will never EVER buy from KAKADU again .
 I was sold that this product is great for gereatric cats , but not really . My 17 yr old cat can not keep this down . Vet feels because of the unknown source of grains she may continue to vomit up this food . If your cat is real old like mine I suggest trying a grain free food . Cats are carnivores so grains are only fillers in these types of foods . 2 stars for fast shipping
 this is a beautiful collar . . but the buckle . . rather the thingy that goes through the holes has a terribly sharp metal jegged point which cut me and would have cut into the dogs . . not far but enough to make them very uncomfortable . i did solve this by putting some cotton then wrapping waterproof first aid soft tape around it so once you put it thru the hole its not noticable ... these collars should not be sold though . . they are defective and i hate the thought dogs may wear these unless modified to remove that sharp jagged peice sticking out into the neck /
 It worked twice then it would not charge anymore . The thing that moves the wheel feel off on it . I put it back on it but it was only good for a little a while . It feel off again . I took off the mouse part which is just sitting on top . It has 4 screws on it . The connection between remote and it is about 5 feet . It is like you have a invisible wire to it . Do n't buy it
 We only got to use it one time , now it will only go backwards , not forward at all . Would not recommend wasting your time or ones on this product
 Thought the item was the one in the picture it ended up being one we already owned nothing like the one in the picture .
 The battery in the mouse does not hold much charge to begin with . Then it quit holding a charge at all .
 This has a good concept if it worked . put batteries in and then charged the mouse on its charger but it would not move front or backwards 95 % the time . my cat chased it and caught it because it stopped . Amazon was great though they refunded asap I love doing business with their 100 % guarantee
 I bought this despite negative reviews hoping that maybe people were just using bad batteries ... . I read the manual and placed new batteries in . I then charged the mouse for 3 min . The first session it worked fine . However , I just charged it for the 2nd play cycle and it wo n't work . The green light will light up , and the mouse moves maybe a quarter inch . It does the same whether I press forward or back . It takes the mouse forever to move . Kind of annoying . Also the battery pack lid wo n't stay on . It 's annoying that even though the batteries are brand new , for some reason it just does n't want to walk . I kept the mouse on tile as well , so it has nothing to do with that.PLEASE DO NOT BUY . that is my advice .
 Yes , this is a bad product . I used new batteries , charged it well and it worked for about 2 minutes and then it stopped working . After recharging it there was no improvement . Waste of $ 12 . Great idea , poor execution !
 I bought a SmartyKat RunawayRascal Remote-Controlled Mouse Cat Toy but the one that is posted now is not the one that was posted when I placed my oder . the one i odered had a bigger mouse with a cat nip pocket an a remote controll that looked like a cheese block my cat did not take to the one thats posted now . I had the cheeblock one befor an my cat loved it so so much she slept with it . I 'm very diapointed
 Bought it for my 2 cats . One of them really really loved it . But to his disappointment , after I had to charge it for the second time , it stopped working . My cat wanted to play with it again but it no longer moves although it 's charged . I will be returning the item to meijer where I bought it . And just FYI , I paid half price of what the price is here on amazon ... not on sale .
 We have had two bark collars from petsafe and while walking with the dog , they have both come unclipped in a snowy field and we were unable to find them . Bad design and when we talked with the company , they could have cared less . DO NOT BUY THIS - the clip is a joke .
 I purchased this items as I got a second dog and needed a bark collar for each dog . The first bark collar is about 5 years old and is also from Petsafe - it 's a different model , the non-deluxe version.The first one works well , the second -LRB- PDBC-300 -RRB- seems to work occasionally . I called petsafe to see if there was something I was doing wrong and it seems everything is set up fine . However , they told me that in order for the dog to get the static correction , it had to both feel the vibration from the dog 's bark and also ` hear ' the bark . This sounds like a good design as my older bark collar only works on the vibration and would occasionally activate when the dog was scratching . However , with the new collar , where it needs both the sound and the vibration , it seems like this prevents it from activating when it should.I will be returning this product and getting the non-deluxe version -LRB- I think it is the PBC-102 -RRB- .
 I have a hound , that loves to bark . I also have neighbors , so I 'm sorry to say I need one of these devices . I have a radio fence by PetSafe and that works great , and the previous version of this collar from PetSafe that worked great . So I know what the batteries in this thing are like . I have had bark collars for years on this same dog , and I purchased this collar as a replacement for the older model collar which had stopped working . I noticed the flashing LED when I first received it , and thought ... hum LED 's consume relatively little power but ... . Well I do n't know what the difference is between this collar and my last one , LED 's or what , but I 've gone through three batteries in a few months when I used to go through three batteries in a year , or longer . No , I 'm not real happy with this collar . I 'm looking for another one right now . Those batteries may not be outrageously expensive but they 're not cheap . If you can find one of the old ones without the LED , I 'd get it ... Thinking about looking on eBay ... UPDATE AND RATING CHANGE
 It was ok but STOPPED FUNCTIONING completely after a week . I bought new batteries , and it still did n't create any shock at all . It 's pretty much money down the drain . I bought the Innotek Bark collar to replace and it certainly works , but the poor dog screams . I wish I could find a mild one that keeps functioning .
 Great collar/idea , horrid company ! It worked great for about three weeks . Then , suddenly , it does n't shock my dog when she barks . Then it wo n't even turn on . So , I contact the company , and they wo n't warranty a replacement for me , because I do n't have all the original packing . After a couple weeks of using it and it working great , I figured I did n't need it anymore , big mistake that was ! Now I 'm screwed out of my money , and ca n't afford to buy another , so I have no way of controlling my barking dog when I 'm gone , and boy are the neighbors upset ! Buy from another company !
 The collar worked fine for about a week , dog quickly learned not to bark . To conserve battery strength the collar was turned off when the dog was not outside . The following week we noticed the dog was barking with the collar on , replaced the battery and collar still did n't work . Called Petsafe and went through system checks and identified the collar as defective . Petsafe Rep said that they would replace it , however , three weeks later we are still waiting to receive the replacement .
 I bought this because of the reviews of this product . Unfortunately for me I bought 2 for my 2 dogs . In the 3 days I tried this they worked maybe 3 times . I finally returned because my dog sat in front of me and barked as loud as he could for 5 minutes and it never worked . I tried all settings , seems to be non sensitive enough to pick up the bark so never kicks in . I returned to get my money back . I use a simple water bottle spray when they bark . Low tech and works much better than this . I was very disappointed with this product .
 The batteries do n't last very long and are expensive to keep replacing and the collar itself stopped working all the time after about 6 months . It will work sporadically but I need it at all times for my cocker that just does n't get that he is n't suppose to bark all day long and at everything ! Very disappointed in them as I bought two for both dogs and now I am out that money and have to look for a different kind that WILL work !
 piece of junk product . collar is inappropriate to hold the unit to the dogs neck . Its a flimsy piece of junk and barely holds the shocking component in place . When the collar ca n't hold the unit to the neck , the product is a failure . with such a wimpy nylon webbing collar , the unit fails more than it executes .
 We tried this gadget on our dog and it just did n't even phase him . He barked with it on continuosly
 Bought this collar about 6 months ago . Worked well with my Weimaraner . He did n't bark but he could still whine which was n't as annoying to the neighbor 's . The collar just broke . The plastic is very cheap and the collar itself is cheap . Would have liked a better made collar . Now I am looking to purchase a new one maybe made of a heavier material and no plastic attachments .
 This was great , but the battery died in less than a month . No problem ... I bought the replacement batteries ~ that do n't even work !
 UPDATE : This product stopped working after a year . Company wanted $ 40 to fix it.Old review : The collar is great . Plenty of length on the collar to fit all dogs . Has some nice settings -LRB- off , low , medium , higher , test mode -RRB- . Has quick snap connector but also a buckle on it . The use of the buckle and connector is a bit weird how they have it setup but works .
 Petsafe PDBC-300 Deluxe No-Bark Control Collar with Sound and Vibration SensitivityThe collar had a cheap metal buckle which is very hard to secure on a longer haired dog . The retaining clip broke off after a couple days . I contacted the seller , Mutt Mart , via Amazon.com email and did not receive any response from them at all . The device itself is effective , however , it is made of some older design electronic parts , and is not very small or modern , so I am concerned with how long it will last .
 This collar kept shocking our dog after he stopped barking and starting yelping in pain and fright . This collar and all similar collars are supposed to stop after a short period to prevent the collar from continuing to shock in reaction to the dog yelping in pain . After the collar continued to shock our dog for over 30 seconds , my wife panicked and tried to get the collar off . The collar kept shocking her and the dog and our dog bit her . Our dog had never bitten anyone before in his 7 year life . If my wife had been bitten more severely , we would sue the manufacturer .
 To date I have neither received this product nor have I received a credit to my amazon account I have advised seller but have not received satisfaction .
 At first the collar worked great but after a few months it would not go off everytime my dog barked . The batteries are too expensive and the knob is hard to turn on/off . Now it only works 1 out of 10 times . I 'm angry I paid $ 60 - $ 70 for a poor quality product .
 Completely ineffective , even when used precisely as directed.I ran the test routine , which was successful . I shaved my dog 's neck for better contact . I put the collar on her , as directed , and opened the back door
 The PetSafe Deluxe Bark Collar -LRB- DBC-100 -RRB- is not rugged enough for normal use . The first unit stopped working after a month . The battery was still good . PetSafe customer service replaced the unit . The new unit stopped working after two weeks . The battery test over 6V . and the contacts are good . The collar is simply inoperative , again . Do n't waste your time with this unit .
 I do n't know if my dogs are too smart or too dumb but this product only has limited use for us . It does work in the sense that while they are wearing it they do n't bark . As soon as you take it off and a noise comes from behind the fence or someone walks by out front , they are back to barking their heads off . They have only learned not to bark while the collars are actually on . I ca n't leave this thing on them 24/7 . I have tried this shock collar and the citrus spray collars with exactly the same results . One of my dogs is a border collie and the other an australian shepherd . I will have to research other methods of bark control and not leave it to devices .
 I purchased a bark collar made by PetSafe - one of the cheaper ones . It did n't work at all - gave some sort of beep which did not have any effect on the dog . So I mistakenly purchased a more expensive PetSafe model , thinking it would be better . It was n't . Based upon my experience , these PetSafe collars are junk and a waste of money .
 Only so much user error could account for this product working sporadically , if at all . A complete waste of money .
 I replaced a Petsafe bark collar that I 've had for several years . The old one was somewhat awkward to regulate - on & off , strength of correction due to having to use a screwdriver to turn to where you wanted to set . After awhile the markings were gone so it was almost impossible to see where you were setting it as it freely turned completely so you had no idea where you were . I then replaced the bark collar with the current style of the same bark collar PetSafe Deluxe Bark Contol Collar PDBC 300 . This has a push button on & off and strength of correction . Easy , huh ? NOT !!! You must push the button in the proper sequence to get the lights blinking for the setting you want . One blink , two blinks , 3 blinks , orange for low battery , red for off . Nope , not gon na work like that . I tried for several days to do the blinking light settings and got the dead battery indicator . Now the battery is only a few days old . By the way , they are expensive and should last much , much longer . I wrote to Petsafe about my problems and they just said to keep trying to get the proper sequence to work . Thanks a lot for nothing . I now remove the battery each night and re-install it in the morning so I wo n't wear out the battery for no reason . I am very , very dissapointed in this collar . I would think it should not be hard for them to design a control that is much easier to use . I will not buy this model again .
 Maybe this works for some people but my dog just shakes his head until the box is on the side of his neck and then it ca n't sense his bark . These things should work with a microphone in my opinion . I have put it on really tight and he can still move it . He also has really thick fur so I have to shave his neck so he can feel the shock . It 's just been a hassle from the start and the dog still barks . Do n't get me wrong it worked at first but now that he knows how to move it to the side ... lots of barking . I just got a citronella spray collar and it works much better because it works with a microphone .
 We ordered an RBC300 and received a box marked RBC300 , however the item inside the box was an RBC100 - a much older model with a metal clasp instead of just the plastic clasp . We have returned this item and put a post it note on the box that the wrong item is in the box . I do n't know if this is Amazon 's error or Petsafe 's .
 We got it for our small dog . The first time it went off , it startled him so much that he yelped . Which only made it shock him harder ... This created a vicious cycle until he was crying , I was tackling him -LRB- so I could get the darn thing off -RRB- and then he hid under the bed for like an hour . He only came out when he heard a new noise worth barking at -LRB- obviously never correlating the shock with the bark -RRB- .
 The PetSafe Deluxe Bark Collar -LRB- DBC-100 -RRB- is not rugged enough for normal use . The first unit stopped working after a month . The battery was still good . PetSafe customer service replaced the unit . The new unit stopped working after two weeks . The battery test over 6V . and the contacts are good . The collar is simply inoperative , again . Do n't waste your time on this unit .
 My experience is with the Pet Safe BC-103 not this model , but I was so dissatisfied I do n't want other to go through what I did . I really do n't have a lot of use for it as my dog is well trained at home , but I need the collar when I am in hotels or at places where he is excited and it is critical not to make noise . Thus the reason for waiting so long to write a review . My complaints are , It is difficult to determine if it is working , so I was always playing with it to try and determine if it was broken , a dead battery or OK . I had to talk with a service rep on how to determine if it was working . I had used it many times and was n't sure if the dog just gave up on barking or if it really worked . Finally , with a new battery , adjusting the collar and watching my dog bark for 2 hours nonstop at the top of his lungs , I determined the thing was useless . I threw it away and will try another brand . It has been so long I 'm sure the company would n't give me a refund . The bark collar I had before worked great .
 The AMAZON.COM PRODUCT INFORMATION clearly states that the collar adjusts from 6 '' to 28 '' . But when you get the product it clearly states adjusts from 8 '' to 28 '' . The product information states it is perfect for all breeds small and large , yet the box states for dogs 8 pounds and over . Now tell me why they would n't tell you this ANYWHERE in the product information section BEFORE YOU BUY IT ??? Do n't you think it would be smart to state this for us small dogs owners withyappy dogs looking for relief that it is not suitable for dogs under 8 pounds . Yorkies are typically under 8 pounds ?? I believe the product information should be changed to indicate what the manufacturer tells us right on the outside of the box the collar comes in .
 I have three Petsafe collars that I have had for 3 years or so . They have worked very well , until recently , and are starting to fail . But they have been used a lot on large active dogs outdoors , so I am happy with the service life . That 's why I decided to buy another one.This new collar seemed like a great improvement to the original models when I read the info on Amazon 's web site , and in some ways it is . But the very poor collar design that supports the control box renders it horrible . It has both a clasp and a clip , which is a total pain in the a ** to put on the dogs . The new clip is n't strong enough to stay connected on its own , and the clasp is a pain to use . It worked fine in its original form , so why did they change it ? I will be buying a collar with a good plastic clip and remounting it.You can turn it off , and adjust the power level , both of which are nice improvements , but ...
 Even if there is a 1-in-a-100 chance that this could happen to your dog , its not worth the risk ! We bought this at petco , and it mostly worked for the first a night . Our collie-mix would bark once or twice and then stop . The next day we crated her in the morning and when we came home for lunch , she looked depressed and beaten . We were afraid that it was shocking her incorrectly while we were gone , but we were n't sure . When we took her out , as she was going down the front steps she yelped and yanked her head as if she had been shocked . All signs point to this thing shocking her for sudden movements not for barking . She is basically traumatized now and afraid of stairs . Dont buy the automatic one . Its just not worth it . Should change the company to `` usually pet safe ''
 Product seemed great on the packaging so I bought it . What the makers of this product do n't tell you is these types of collars can cause pressure sores and holes in your dogs neck ! I had to take my dog to the vet for infected holes on her neck from this device . When I contacted Petsafe about this collar , they said that `` oh , it happens all the time '' . If they knew that then do n't you think they would put that in LARGE PRINT on the user manual so you do n't miss seeing that IMPORTANT piece of information ? PLEASE read your manual very carefully and completely before using this product ! I will NEVER use a bark collar on my dog again.PetSafe No-Bark Collar , PBC-102
 The unit keeps shocking my dog even when she is not barking . It happened 4 times in the first 6 hours that she wore the device . Would not recommend nor do I wish to keep trying to work with this product . Going back to a standard shock collar with remote control rather than bark activated collar .
 Get the inline tubing water bottle for no mess easy refill water . This one is useless , the mice fill it with shavings and bedding and knock it over all the time . If you have one mouse and a new habitrail mouse kit then it may be ok but anymore than one this bottle will be nothing but trouble .
 I really dislike returning a product because it lacked assembly instructions , but I will have to do so in this case . I ordered a larger carrier at the same time -LRB- the Asan 2-door -RRB- which had only illustrations for instructions , but it was a piece of cake to assemble compared to this one . There is no visible way to open and close the door on the carrier for instance , the pieces which one would think would fit and snap into place easily do not , and there are pieces which I have no idea where they are supposed to go . I would guess they are for the door , but they are too large for the holes . If I could have assembled it , I think it would have been a good fit for my approximately 7 pound cat , but since I can not , I will purchase a pre-assembled one in a store . I would not recommend this carrier .
 The size of the product was not displayed on your page . While searching for this product on Google the size was shown as 22 '' long ans I was sent to your site to purchase . I placed the order and received the product today . Opened the box and to my surprise it was only 19 '' long instead of 22 '' .
 This carrier is junk , pure and simple . It 's held together by flimsy plastic plug-like things that are likely to break or twist open in a heartbeat . No way am I carrying my pet in this .
 I would not recommend this product . When you get this item you have to put it together and it has no instructions . When you do get it together it is very flimsy . Not a carrier I would recommend for a scared pet you are trying to take to the vet .
 I did n't want to spend a lot for a crate to transport my cat to the vet . I read reviews so was ready to have a puzzle to solve in assembling the crate . I was n't ready however , for quite as low a grade item as I found . The key issue I want to share is that THE DOOR OPENS WHEN PRESSURE IS APPLIED ROM THE INSIDE ... . my cat escaped when I was n't looking , Be sure to keep an eye on the little plastic `` latches '' which begin to turn allowing door to open if your cat is trying to get out .
 It was the cheap price that lured me into buying 1 of these , but it 's not made very well . it comes disassembled and it 's not super easy how to put the thing together . On top of that , I had a very unpleasant experience when I had to get a feral cat I 'd recently adopted to the vet . I could n't catch the cat at all and finally got a cat whisperer over to my house . She caught him and got him in the carrier . I was a little bit early for the vet appointment so as I was getting ready , maybe 10 minutes after the cat whisperer left , my feral cat found his way out , actually knocking down the metal gate . It 's also pretty small , so if you have a largish cat , I can tell you from experience that he/she will dislike entering the carrier if they have to creep in.This thing is cheaply made and a determined cat will get out .
 I bought this little crate as a carrier for foster puppies to get them back and forth to the vet office . I do n't feel this crate is safe for actually carrying around a pet . The handle just snaps in and the locks are plastic that turn and lock and I feel that with any pet over a few pounds it might come apart when carrying them . I also do n't like the way the door closes and locks into position . I have had it pop out on me . Now I use this crate without the door as an area for the puppies to go to and relax or play in . I do n't carry them in it . I will purchase something a little more sturdy and secure .
 This ` fogger ' if not effective because it works more like a mist than a fogger . So just like you wo n't get wet if you are under a patio and the weather is misting , the mist from this product will not reach under boxes , shelves , tables , or furniture . The manufacturer calls it an aerosol . Knockout is sprayed into the air and mists down . If the mist contacts the flea , it kills it . But if the flea is under something , it survives . So if you have a large open area with few items , you might be ok . But if you have a cluttered area , it is not effective.I used 4 cans in a standard 2 car southern California garage used for storage , not parking cars . It is relatively well sealed . When I opened up after three hours and walked in wearing white socks , fleas jumped on . That night I put a light bulb just above a shallow clear container half full of soapy dish soap . When I returned in the morning , there were at least 20 adult fleas floating . The results were the same the next night.I found the Raid Fumigator to be far more effective . I put four cans in the garage and when I entered after 3 hours my socks were clear . That night , I put a light bulb over a soap dish and did not get any fleas in the dish the next morning.Raid - Fumigator Fogger - 3 pack.Because of DOT restrictions , this product has to be ground shipped , but I found a bunch at the local hardware store that I used before my order arrived . The price was about the same as on-line when shipping is including.Because Raid does not kill fleas in their cocoons -LRB- nothing can -RRB- , I will fumigate again in 10-15 days incase any fleas emerged from the cocoons . Then my garage should be clear!Note
 I bought this because it specifically targets fleas . It costs more , even at Amazon , than I normally spend on foggers . It did n't work very well at all . We were getting bitten while we were cleaning up from setting off the foggers . A fruit fly even survive them . We may be bitten a little less frequently than before , but I 'm still getting them in the kids ' diapers and clothes . I have to get more foggers and try again . With a newborn and a wild two year old , the work to do this and clean up from it is nearly impossible and the chemicals - however safe manufacturers say they are - can not be good for small kids and pets . I really resent having to expose them to more so soon . Then there 's the issue of the expense for something that did n't work when buying groceries is sometimes difficult .
 I have been a long-time , satisfied customer with Amazon and have never had an issue with anything I 've ever ordered ... Until now . I ordered this pet bed via Amazon from Splintek . Based on the measurements , I ordered the medium . It turns out that I needed a bigger size . In the meantime , I found a comparable bed that was 50 % cheaper than the Splintek 's large . JUST KNOW THAT IF YOU BUY THIS PRODUCT , ALL SALES ARE FINAL !! I did n't see that stated anywhere obvious on the Amazon site when I made my purchase . Needless to say , I 'm not going to go out and buy the less costly bed now . Not only that , but when I called Splintek about at least exchanging the medium for the large bed , I was told that their Customer Service would call me back a couple of days . Well that deadline has come and gone and I have n't heard a peep . I am very unhappy and dissatified with this whole experience . The product itself seems fine . It 's the nightmare of the the third-party seller that you have to worry about !
 This arrived very quickly , and was packed well , but the item itself is not good quality . There were no instructions included , either , and - though you do n't have to be a genius to figure it out - it would have helped . My main issue is with the door . It is easy to pull it off , even when it 's closed . Now , I bought this for a 6 pound , tiny cat and will rarely be using it . It sufficed for the one trip I took with it , so I wo n't be returning it . I would n't recommend it for a larger cat/dog and I 'd recommend paying a little more and getting a better quality carrier , for those who are looking .
 DO NOT BUY ! REVIEW ONLINE ! Looks like another treat made in China with multiple reports of suspected poisoning !!! Please only buy treats made in the USA !
 This product is listed in `` Liters , '' not pounds . This is really a eight pound bag of this excellent `` Koi '' food . The vendor does n't see any problem with listing it in liters which , I think , is decieving . What I thought was a really great deal turned out to be an overpriced bag of fish food . This is NOT a 25 pound bag . Do n't be fooled - buy it cheaper at some other site ! The vendor DID offer to take it back , but only after the third back and forth message . My fault for not being more careful when I was attracted to this add . DO N'T BE FOOLED ...
 The original formula was wonderful and really worked well ... . this new formula smells like Fabreze and is very strong . If I wanted Fabreze , I would have bought Fabreze ! I do n't like it at all !
 This product smells clean when you apply it and foams up nicely ... first impressions are great , you really feel like it should work well!HOWEVER , it smells SOO strong , I had to open windows and leave the fan on for a full day to reduce the smell a little . Once it was gone , I realized it had just been masking the smell and it was still present . Also , the areas of my carpet that I used it on are now slightly bleached . I did n't notice it right away when I applied the chemical , but it dried paler than the surrounding carpet . It also contacted some of my latex paint on the baseboards of the room , and the paint swelled up and was ruined.All in all , this `` cleaner '' presents itself well , but in the end it performs very poorly .
 My dog and I absolutely adore JW Pet Company 's Darwin the frog.JW Pet Company Darwin the Frog Dog Toy , Large -LRB- Colors Vary -RRB- It easily withstood the jaws of my mutt . However , the fish did not last more than two minutes . My dog easily managed to rip apart the conjoining section between the head and the tail and subsequently demolished the remaining portions . I would n't recommend buying this item for a determined chewer . Instead , purchase the company 's frog and give your pet a toy that he will enjoy for weeks , not for a mere few seconds of destruction .
 My lab is about 55 lbs and she tore into this toy in about 30 minutes . Within 5 minutes she tore off the small fins on the tail . Then she went for the small holes that allow the toy to squeak . The holes are squared where it is attached , so she found it quite easy to get her teeth into it and rip it right out of the fish . I was very disappointed seeing this had so many good reviews .
 I bought this item because a dog friend has this toy and it 's the hit of the dog park ! The small end makes it easy for large and small dogs to run with it in their mouths , while the large end is good `` bait '' to start a chase or for the larger dogs to steal it . The squeaker is n't terrible and it 's not going to pop out easily like other toys.Unfortunately , the item I got is not of the same heavy material that our friend 's `` Fish '' is made out of and is not holding up to our one dog , never mind the crowd at the park.We have other items from this company that are made of the heavier rubber , and that 's what I expected for the $ $ spent . Your dog will love this but do n't leave them alone with it or they 'll chew , and you probably do n't want to take it to the dog park .
 This toy is well made but did not appeal to my dog . He is 90lbs but the medium size was large , possibly too large for him to enjoy . Will donate to shelter .
 Oh how I wasted for this item to arrive for my puppy best friend Buddy . When we got Him over one and a half years ago , Buddy picked out this toy and came home with it and it has been his best friend ever since . His was the same color shown and design as the one shown in the description picture . We had to go to California this Christmas to have a last Christmas in the old family home and help move my mother in law into her new retirement center . Anyway , I was very unhappy when this two toys I purhcased did n't make it in time to before we left and my Buddy took is old friend with him . I bought another product from this company while I was as the pet hotel for him to have . However , he was n't as happy with it as his favorite orange fish guy . Upon returning from California and racing to pick my Buddy guy up , I was in shock to find , that the toy I had purhcased him from this same company was torn desqueeked and torn , and he seemed like his new fish toy I had brought him was of a so so manner . We road home and in the twenty minute ride , he had already put a couple of holes in his new YELLOW -LRB- not orange -RRB- squeeky fish and a bigger hole in the oter toy . As bad as I feflt , I had to take the new toy away as it was the squeky part he was pulling out . When we got home . He grabed is ORANGE squeky toy -LRB- the origianal one -RRB- and was so napppy . I have put away both the detroyed YELLOW Fishy squecky and the new one still in the wrapper . I do n't know what to do with then at this time.Thank you Amazon for trying ... : -LRB-
 I have an American Pit Bull Terrier and she is a fairly aggressive chewer . I had read the reviews on here saying how durable this toy was and ultimately it led to me ordering it . Unfortunately , within 10 minutes of getting the toy , my dog had removed the octopus 's legs . After half an hour , she had chewed a large sized hole in the side of the toy and ripped it into tiny pieces . If your dog likes to chew , I would n't recommend this as it does n't last very long .
 I have a bulldog/border terrier mix who LOVES to rip apart her toys , so this sadly was not the chew toy for her . She went right for the `` neck '' on this toy and had chewed through the rubber in under 2 minutes , so it no longer squeaks . I would n't recommend this for a heavy chewer !
 I purchased this toy before at a pet store , and it lasted forever -LRB- I eventually chose to throw it out because I could no longer clean off the grossness that accumulated on it -RRB- . So I ordered a replacement , which came apart within two weeks of my Boston terriers playing with it / chewing on it -LRB- one of the Bostons is an old fellow and barely has any teeth left ... -RRB- . I would n't recommend ordering this toy .
 I originally purchased this item from a local pet store a few years ago , and it was extremely durable and my dog 's favorite toy . However , when I bought a replacement on Amazon a couple of weeks ago , it did n't last more than a day before my golden retriever , a sporting dog with a gentle bite , separated part of the bottom of the toy . I ordered another replacement last week on Amazon . My dog had it for less than 20 minutes before the same exact thing happened
 Though this JW pet toy is fairing marginally better than the poor chicken -LRB- only the tentacles have been chewed off , which was expected , & the squeaker ripped out -RRB- , it still is not worth the money that I paid for it . Years ago , another , identical looking but sadly far sturdier Octopus was a fantastic purchase that I tried to repeat for my chew-happy dog . It was not to be . Be advised that this is another toy that will fall victim if you 've got a strong-jawed pet .
 This is the only squeaky toy my dog could not destroy in 2 minutes . I searched high and low for it and no pet store had it so I could n't test it . I was so happy to get my shipment but to my dismay the squeak was so weak that all the fun is lost . I did n't send it back for a replacement even though I bought two of them . Blue runs around they yard with them but it it 's not the same . I wasted my money and I will buy anything to keep my dogs happy . They do n't make these like they did before or maybe I just got old stock . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Way too much for one can cover ! The only reason we ordered this one was that it looked like there was more than one lid , did n't read close enough , wo n't be getting this again . They seemed to work just fine but $ 6 for one plastic lid , please !
 Seems expensive for just one cover and it fits so tightly on the small cans of pet food , I need a screwdriver to pry it off .
 When I first looked at the picture , it was just one item , face up so it appeared to be multiple lids . I was very disappointed when I discovered it was only one . The price was a little out of range for only one lid .
 It says it fits the Soulistic small cans but it does n't , I wasted my money on this lid . There is nothing else I can say about this lid .
 I thought I 'd be getting two lids but only received one . They work fine for various size of cans but product is overpriced for just one of them .
 I have been looking all over for a lid that will fit both sizes of 3 oz . cat food cans -- some brands such as Before Grain and Blue Buffalo Wilderness have slightly oversized 3 oz . cans compared to Fancy Feast or Wellness . Lids that I have seen at the pet store and elsewhere fit the smaller cans , but not the slightly larger ones . Anyway , these Petmate lids did fit both size 3 oz . cans , along with two sizes of larger cans . HOWEVER , the plastic is so stiff and hard that they are next to impossible to snap on and off . They were basically unusable and I threw them away.I also ordered another brand of lids -LRB- OurPets -RRB- for small cans and they are a dream . They fit both sizes of small cans and are soft and easy to put on and take off . Would recommend them over the Petmate Kitty-Kaps for sure .
 I paid an outrageous price -LRB- $ 1.49 -RRB- for this product at a pet store . It is made far too rigidly to work on the smallest size cans . Once it is on the can , it is impossible for me to remove . I enlisted my husband 's help and even he has trouble getting it off . I was given a FREE can cover at another pet store . It is a softer plastic and works much better . If you use the smallest size cans , forget about this one !
 Shows two lids in package . I received one lid loose in the box . Ridiculous price for one lid . Buy a different product this is a waste of money .
 When I received my Kitty Caps , I wondered where the 2nd one was . They are extremely stiff and hard to take off the cans . I almost threw half a can away with the cap stuck on it out of frustration . And $ 5.60 is way too much for 1 . The picture shows 2 and the description is plural , so make sure and read the fine print . What a rip-off .
 I am echoing some of the earlier reviews of this product . First , the picture of two lids shown is misleading . Yes , I should have read the description better , but with two shown and a price of over $ 5 , I naturally assumed I was getting two lids . Nope , only one showed up.Also , I have to agree with other users about the lack of usefulness for small cans . My cat will only eat food that comes in three-ounce cans . This seemed to be the only lid that would fit that small of a can . It went on easy enough , but the &#34; just pull up on the kitty ears &#34; thing is not really working . I now have a can of food in my fridge with this lid more or less permanently affixed.This is one of the most useless things I have ever spent $ 5 on .
 So far my puppies will play with or chew on anything BUT this . I do like nylabone brand but this is n't the best so far ...
 Nylabone Dinosaur is not the same quality it used to be . Originals were softer plastic , more chewy and could be worn down . Good for teeth . This one is too hard . . Dogs wo n't chew on it . Original was clear dark yellow colored these are solid white . Totally useless .
 Did n't seem interested - only sniffed it and then it was no more than a rock to my black lab -LRB- 90 # -RRB- . I wish I knew that Missing Link for both cats and dogs was a powder . None of the cats -LRB- 3 -RRB- and the 12 year old lab likes the taste of the powder so I 'm not able to endorse these products . Wish you would come out with capsules .
 I ordered the T-rex , but I was sent another dinosaur . It 's not that the dog that gets it will care , but it 's just the principle that I did n't get what I paid for .
 I 've got the T-Rex one . It does n't feel like rubber , it feels like hard plastic ! It 's also pretty sharp around the edges . I 'm surprised at the number of 5 star reviews . Maybe it 's just me but I 'm not giving it to me puppy 'cause I 'm afraid it might hurt his gums .
 This toy was torn to shreds and pieces coming off into their mouths in less than 10 minutes of chewing . Fear of ingestion an issue , and really could not see this passing easily in their digestive system ...
 neither dog will have anything to do with the toy both of them a gave it a once over chewed on in it for about a minute then tossed it assided and wouldnt have anything to do with it . we tried playing with them but they just wernt intereseted . not worth the money spent at all \
 My dog is not interested in this bone at all . He does n't chew on it and will only play with it if I throw it in the yard as a fetching stick .
 This has to be one of the most disappointing dog bone purchases i have made . This is a bone that is recommended for strong chewers , something that is required for my dog . Unfortunately , he had the head off of the t-rex within 10 minutes , and he swallowed it before i could get it away from him . From now on , it 's all about durability , and nothing about looks . If your dog is a heavy chewer , be wary of this product !
 Bought this because it said durable and my dog uses other nylabones and I 've had luck with them lasting me a short while . This was n't the case she had the head and tail chewed off before I knew it . In less than an hour it was missing both ends . I 'll have to go back to the wishbone because she takes longer to wear those down . Keep in mine my dog is a very strong chewer she can destroy things quickly so if your dog is n't a hard core chewer it might be ok for you but otherwise try something without small ends.EDIT - Just got worse had to call the vet due to bloody stool and this is the only thing I can think of that caused it
 I received this product in the mail yesterday . It was a different dino than pictured , but the description notes that it pay be . My dog -LRB- a 35 lb beagle/lab -RRB- chewed most of it up by last night . Other Nylabone products are fine for him , but this one does n't look like it will last long . Also , it is a lot smaller than I anticipated .
 I purchased this and several other nylabone products for my new puppy and older dog . Neither of them use the nylabones - they have sat in the corner untouched since purchasing . Give your dog a bone instead ...
 I purchased the Nylabone Durable Dinosaur for my Rotty . It hassharp spikes that caused his gums to bleed . I do not recommend thischewable toy for pets .
 Returned after reading reviews and consulted our veternarian . . I have returned this due to the hazards they warn about this probuct . It causes teeth to break off in the dogs mouth. , They are to hard for them to chew . They create sores . PLEASE CHECK AND DO YOU OWN HOMEWORK BEFORE YOU BUY.Will save you vet bills and a painful pet if you check the cons about this product .
 My dog loved chewing on this dinosaur toy but after a couple of months he managed to finely shred it to the point that about 20 % of it was missing/ingested . It did n't seem to cause any digestive problems but was disconcerting nonetheless . We 've had better luck with another Nylabone product , theDouble Action Combo Bone Chew Toy , which is still going strong after 4 + years .
 I ordered this for my 15-lb Jack Russell . We got the stegosaurus toy and so far , it 's held up . She 's a ferocious chewer -- we ca n't buy her anything but Nylabone-type toys or they immediately get torn to bits . The only problem I foresee is that the stegosaurus has four legs sticking off of the body , and I know those are going to get worn down very quickly as she can fit that whole part in her mouth at once , meaning she ca n't play with this unless we 're there to see her least she chew off a leg and choke on it . It would 've been nice to be able to have seen this variety and choose which one we wanted prior to ordering . I was thinking we would get the T-Rex pictured , which only has two feet that seem to be attached to the tail . The good news is , steggie does n't have a small projectile head or tail , but rather it curves to give the impression of head and tail , so no worries about small pieces coming off there . The toy itself I would probably give 3.5 or 4 stars , but I am only giving it an overall 3 because the ordering process is inflexible.UPDATE
 My dogs had this chewed apart in the matter of 20 minutes and was eating off small parts . Not for dogs who are powerful chewers .
 I bought these for years for my little guys and they loved it . Unbeknownst to me , it turns out these things will break and crack your dogs teeth !!! After a routine visit to the vet , he found one of my dogs had infected and broken back molars . I guess it 's a common occurrence judging by other reviewers on here . And my vet also said he 's had 8 dogs come in with the same problem in the last 2 years , all with Nylabone dental chew toys.Had to get dental work done on my baby and her teeth were extracted . Poor gal was crying all night long after surgery . The vet says this happens w / large dogs too !!! So NYLABONE needs to stop selling this item as a dental chew ! I 'm going to report this directly to Amazon corporate .
 I purchased these because I thought they were safe for my dog . I was horribly mistaken . My dog cracked two of his teeth , chewing on this . I heard the crack and saw the blood on the bone . I took him to the vet and he had to have two cracked teeth removed . This product should not even be on the market . Had we not caught this , the vet told me , that there is no warning for a tooth infection and dogs can easily die . Do not buy this product . I can not believe that the company continues to market this . This product is hurting the dogs . It was a very hefty dental bill and I have n't even addressed what my dog went through having to be put under and not have a major molar to chew his regular dog food .
 I was so excited for this product , it 's the first toy I 've bought my new rescue dog . However , the Dinosaur Dental Chew was chewed and mangled within the first 20 minutes ... I thought they were supposed to non-edible ... he 's seems to have been able to eat the non-edible `` durable '' toy though : -LRB-
 This is very hard ! My pup does n't want to even lick this thing . Once I took it out the package I knew he was n't going to like it . Guess I 've should of payed attention to all the bad reviews .
 This looks like a figurine in actual . It 's pretty heavy for my 5 month old puppy . I felt like she is lifting a rock and I was concern that her jaw might hurt .
 He will not even touch it and he will eat everything . I am very disappointed . I bought several nylabone products for my dog and he does not like any of them .
 I have an eight pound Yorkie who loves to chew Greenies , hooves , etc. so I figured Nylabonewhat a great idea ! I 'd given them to other dogs years ago and while they were n't interested I figured Sammie would be thrilled . Well he certainly gnawed away at it ... within an hour I was finding pieces of white plastic on the rug and then Sammie started choking ! I had been right in the den with him watching TV I shudder to think what might have happened if I ` dbeen in another room for the hour he had it . YES I KNOW there 's always a caveat regardinggiving your dog anything to chew without supervision but this was ridiculous . Nothing shoulddisintegrate into sharp shards that you give as a chew toy ! I do n't know about 50 pound dog , but if it could n't stand up to a 4 year old , eight pound Yorkie for 60 minutes even if one did n't have a problem with how dangerous this chew toy is -LRB- choking and attempting to digestchewed plastic shards -RRB- it 's a total waste of money . I 'll continue to give Sammie Greenies -LRB- which seem to keep his teeth immaculately clean -RRB- and hooves which last for weeks .
 Purchased this for my dog . She loved it but unfortunately it cut her mouth so it has been thrown away .
 I think my dog thought it was too heavy and did n't like the texture so I could n't get her to play with it .
 this was too hard and wore down my puppy 's teeth in one day . the spikes are very sharp and may actually cut your hand if you are tossing it for your dog . do not recommend this product at all . i threw it away .
 My jack russell terriers both have busted teeth from this product . They both have been chewing these bones for years but I suppose it only takes once to break a tooth . Never again .
 Stick with the bone shaped . The little details bits can get chewed off the stegosaurus . I 've liked that the nylabone bones because it typically only get little bits scraped off but The heads tail and feet all can break off . I 'd still say its safer then most toys out there but chewers need to beware
 This is not a toy . It feels and weighs like a small white brick with thorns . If i had not thrown away the packaging I would have returned for a refund . Do n't waste your money !
 I should have read the reviews on this , as I , too , thought I would get 3 dinosaurs given the picture and the word `` assorted . '' When I called customer service to complain , they said `` assorted '' means they choose for you which of the three assorted you will receive . While they would n't send me additional bones , they credited me $ 3.00 and were very polite in handling my complaint .
 My 50lb dog chewed this toy for 3 days and his gums started bleeding . This toy has too many sharp corners and is not suitable .
 This item was cute , but had absolutely no appeal to the 2 five month old Labs I have . They picked it up once and that was it . Basically , money wasted!The company offered to take them back , but the postage would cost about the same as the item , so I declined.Note
 My 3 Girls wo n't give this chew bone a backward glance . In fact , my daughter had her two dogs over , and neither of them was interested in it either . And despite how cute it is , the Grandson did n't put it in his toybox . Waste of money all around .
 The impression I got was that you were buying 3 dinos for $ 8.75 . Received only one ... not such a good deal now . Last time I will order from them . Rip off !
 I wanted a T-REX and I got a Stegosaurus . . seriously guys get with your local archeologist and get your ancient reptiles straight ! Puppy lost it within 25 mins ... BAD DOG !
 So while I was getting ready for my new corgi puppy I purchased this from Amazon . I thought , `` Hey -- good for strong chewers and he 'll be teething ! Perfect ! '' Add to that the fact that I love dinosaurs and this was a must.At a checkup for my cats before the dog came home I talked to my vet about some of the concerns with the new puppy , and her recommendations for good chew toys . She warned us against the white Nylabone toys specifically . She did n't want our dog to have anything harder than a tooth to chew on -LRB- including bones and hard plastic toys like this -RRB- because of the potential to crack his teeth . Even though he 's a puppy , she was concerned about the possibility of infection and abscess in a cracked tooth and the dangers of putting a puppy under for oral surgery to extract the cracked tooth/teeth . I 'm glad she did warn me because I never would have known.As soon as we got back from the appointment I returned it and Amazon gave me a refund no problem -LRB- five stars for the customer service there -RRB- , so that was good . In retrospect , I can see she was right . If nothing else I could have kept the toy to beat up any intruders in my apartment -- it really is that hard .
 I have a 3 year old english/american bulldog mix that loves chewing on nylabones/dingos . I bought this product selfishly , because I like dinosaurs . Unfortunately , the littel nubs tore into her gums like nobody 's business and left sharp shards sticking out . She only had it for a short time under -LRB- sort of laxed -RRB- supervison , but when i looked down the thing 's entire tail was covered in blood . Into the trash it went . Moving forward , I will stick to the non-nubby nylabones .
 I had ordered this expecting a slightly bigger toy considering it was a `` x-large '' toy . This toy is great for small dogs like poodles or something like that , but this was too small for my dog -LRB- average size mixed/mutt dog -RRB- and the head lasted one day before that was gone . Very disappointed considering I have alot of good to say about nylabone products . Hope to see a better/bigger dinosaur toy soon .
 The item I received was NOT as pictured or Described . The Dino Was Much Smaller . Did NOT meet my Expectations .
 My dogs are 2 and 8 years old . They had no interest in these bones . Perhaps a puppy who has a strong urge to chew would like these . They have no smell and are a slick plastic texture .
 Will give to my bigger dogs . I thought it was a smaller chew toy for the puppy . The only problem is that my larger dogs are older and do n't chew on things like they did when they were a puppy .
 When they say dinosaur varieties ... . they mean they will send you any of the three they want . The picture had shown the t-rex , and the t-rex was the one I wanted . Much to my disappointment , I received a brontosaurus . Now my poor pup will never have his chance at the t-rex . They should really give you a choice before you add it to your shopping bag .
 This is suppose to be one of there tuffest bones . Our dog had it 5 minutes and she had it broken apart into tiny sharp shards . 24 hours later we had to rush her to the emergency vet only to find out part of this toy was blocking here intestine . Stay away form this toy , or you may have a huge vet bill like we did , $ 3000 to remove a chunk the size of your pinky .
 I was so excited to get this toy because it is very cute . We got the Stegosaurus version of the toy , and as soon as I opened the package my dog was just as excited as I was . Up until this point she had been barking at the UPS man who delivered it!This toy says it is designed for active chewers up to 50lbs . My 5 year old Clumber Spaniel is a very active chewer , and weighs 50lbs - I thought it was perfect ! However , within twenty minutes , she had chewed it to the point where it looked like a giant wad of used bubble gum .
 After a week of having them ... . Really do n't care for this product . My dogs -LRB- 2 4 year old mixed breed -RRB- were not excited about them . The girl had her 's for all of about 3-4 minutes , then said thanks but no thanks and walked away . The boy chewed for about 7-8 minutes , then had enough . They stayed on the floor for them to enjoy at anytime , but they rarely have . And when they did chew them - well , I had small hard white pieces all over my rug . Needless to say , ca n't walk barefoot on the rug.Sorry I made this purchase - especially at the price ! I do not recommend this product .
 I ordered three of these dinosaur nylabones . I only opened one and none of my dogs is interested in it . It is coarse and has no odor to enhance its use to the chewers it is intended for and I 'm out a pile of money .
 I have three dogs . Two cocker spaniels and a jack russell terrier . None of them like this toy . They have had several Nylabone toys , but this one is the least favorite . Each of them tried it out , but they all got bored with it fast . It is very heavy and the points are somewhat sharp . That may not be what turns my dogs off though because they have had other textured toys . After handling it myself , I would be worried about it being to coarse and causing bleeding gums or injuring their teeth .
 The little spiny things are too sharp . Caused my dog 's mouth to bleed . My dog is a very aggressive chewer and have never had this happen with other chew toys . My dog is in good health so it has nothing to do with that . Just like I said the spiny things are just too sharp !
 This thing is made of a really hard/dense material -LRB- some kind of plastic , probably , instead of rubber -RRB- and so it is impossible for the dog to really `` chew '' it . Also , it 's got sharp little bumps along it 's body , so it actually hurts to pull on it when playing tug-of-war with your dog .
 Not as durable as the neutral colored nylabones from Walmart . Would not recommend for a real chewer . Wish I could return for my money back .
 I like it but my dog does not it is cute though The cost was fair He just did not like it
 I thought I was ordering a t-rex . :-LRB- I think they should have the first photo with all dino options .
 It was a xmas gift but my dog wo n't touch it . I 'm going to see if my brothers dogs will use .
 My little dog is an avid chewer . I thought this product would give him something stable to chew . The dinosaur is made of extremely hard plastic . It is too large for a small mouth . The chewing bumps on the dino are sharp . My dog can not play with this at all . I would not recommend this for anyone with a smaller dog .
 My wife & I religiously bought dental dinos for our corgi . He is a powerful , obsessive chewer that tore anything else apart that we gave him . He 's been through many over the years . Recently , on a routine visit to the vet , they found that both of his molars on top were cracked & infected . They are currently performing root canals on each . If the root canals do not work , they 'll have to pull his most important chewing teeth . The vet -LRB- who is a dental specialist -RRB- said that the injuries were directly related to this product . A $ 2000 bill and a pup with no molars . Sad day . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT
 We purchased the Stegosaurus at a local pet store the day we adopted our cattle dog mix . At the time she was about 45 pounds and 8 months old . We did not know what kind of chewer she was , but felt that a product designed for `` powerful '' chewers up to 50 pounds would be a safe choice . It was not . She worked to remove the head and tail of the dino and while we were able to get the larger pieces from her , she swallowed several very small pieces . And much to our embarrassment , at her first vet visit -LRB- 3 days after adoption -RRB- we were told to stop giving her whatever `` white plastic '' toy she was chewing and eating . Enough pieces had gotten into and through her system to cause the vet concern she may not pass all of them.I am giving this product 1 star because :1 -RRB- It is described as a product for powerful chewers - it did not hold up2 -RRB- It is rated for dogs up to 50 pounds - while on the upper end of the scale , our dog fits into that category and the product did not hold up3 -RRB- the vet warned us to stop using the product as the size and shape of the pieces were potentially harmful to our dog .
 I wanted a Christmas gift my Pit Bull Terrier would love , so I got this dinosaur , something different from the regular bones . Long story short , we opened it on Saturday for Christmas , she chewed on it for a half an hour and started whining and excessively drooling . I looked in her mouth and saw she had fractured a canine tooth . My dog was in excruciating pain for two days because of the stupid shape of this bone . She was chewing on it 's tail , and it literally broke a slab of her tooth off . The whole tooth had to be removed , costing me $ 300 , and a day off work to get it fixed , not to mention all the pain and anxiety my dog went through . JUST STAY AWAY FROM THIS ONE!I 've been giving my pitty the Nylabone brand chews since she was little . We 've tried the Big Chews , Regular and Wolf size , and even the smaller ones and have never had a problem before this one . She loves the liver and bacon flavors , but I 've been hesitant to give her any of these bones since our incident . She loves them though , and they keep her teeth clean.Edit 1/4/13 - I contacted nylabone via email about the situation awhile back , and apparently , my dog is too big for this bone . She is approximately 60lbs , and this bone is made for dogs up to 50lbs . They sent me a huge gift basket of nylabones appropriate for my dogs size , and some books about Pit Bulls . The company definitely has great customer service ! Make sure to buy the bones that are rated for your dogs ' weight and you should n't have a problem with them at all . My dog still loves Nylabones , and we continue to give them to her . She 's 6 now and still has very white teeth - no decay at all .
 I have a number of Nylabones that are natural in color and 5 years old . Our dog died 4 years ago and we kept the misc supplies . Now we have a new lab and she loves the natural ones , which she basically wears down slowly.We also had some white nylabones that had n't been used and our lab almost eats them . First we saw pieces about the size of 1/4 a rice in her feces . Then I found her with a piece about the size of a dime in her mouth . It was irregular and did not look like something that would pass easily.We chucked the white ones and now I 'm trying to find the good ones.Not so easy since websites show pictures of both so I 'm not certain what we 'd get.I would never give my dog these white Nylabones.I did not buy Nylabones here . I 'm searching for a source of the good ones that do n't break into large chunks.I asked for advice at the Nylabone site but have not heard from them .
 When I gave this to my dog he instantly went to town . As I sat and watched him I noticed the white t-rex had cut my dog 's mouth from the sharp edges . He is an aggressive chewer and did n't want to see it go , but it really required too much supervision than I felt comfortable with .
 If I had to guess , they just bottled up regular bubbles with just enough extract to call it cat nip bubbles and sell it at a higher price . My cat goes absolutely nuts over cat nip sprays but after she smelled these bubbles she just walked away and could care less . The bottle just smells like chemicals if you ask me . If your cat likes bubbles to begin with , they will probably like any bubbles whether there is supposed to be catnip extract in it or not - you should save yourself a few bucks and just get regular bubbles in that case . Definitely not worth the money .
 My cat Basil is a huge catnip addict , he will find the package , and try to open it in the middle of the night if I do n't place it out of sight . I was excited when I saw this int he store thinking he would love it , but quite the contrary , he hated it . It must not of smell like the real stuff to him . He was totally turned off . If you have a cat who is a fiend like mine , is , nothing make up for the real thing !!!
 Cat thought the bubbles were interesting , but did n't go crazy over them . They smell funny , leave a residue , and do n't maintain form when they touch down as advertised . I 'll go pick up a big bottle of regular bubbles for him to chase . Not worth the price .
 My cats love to bat at things in the air so I thought they would go nuts with this . NOT ! I am not sure how the catnip is suppose to be infused into the bubble juice , but they hardly notice . I blow bubbles and the cats just stare . They love all of their catnip toys in the house , but do n't seem to care about this . Huge disappointment .
 I paid a little more for this product because the item description stated that the bottle size was 8 Ounces , and other similar products were 5 Ounces ... Sorry I did ! The bottle is actually 5 Fl . Ounces . I will not order this product again .
 My cat will sit and watch the bubbles , maybe even approach a group of them while they are falling , but he wo n't pop them . Sometimes he even acts scared of them , which I personally think is bologna . For the price , you can find a cooler toy for your kitty .
 I got a bottle of these bubbles for my brother and his wife , who have two very active indoor kitties . They looked at the bubbles for a few seconds , and soon walked away . They just did n't care . I also picked up a bottle for our cat , Jerry , who is indoor/outdoor , and loves chasing everything that moves . We opened the package near him , and he was very interested when he caught a whiff of the catnip , but he 's scared of the bubbles . He even went outside to get away from them . I think he 's pissed .
 Yes my cats are scared , all three of them.Susy i thought would probly be scared . -LRB- She is scared of everything -RRB- Danny gets very nervous when ever i blow them , But Misu I realy dident expect her to be scared . o_o ; She is the bravest cat i know.And then i brought it over to a frends house , and his two cats where scared too ! ; ^ ;
 DO NOT BUY ! REVIEW ONLINE ! Looks like another treat made in China with multiple reports of suspected poisoning !!! Please only buy treats made in the USA !
 I ordered these based on the description , expecting them to have blue color swirled around the clear . Instead , most of them look like a &#34; cat 's eye &#34; marble , clear with a swirled blue &#34; eye &#34; in the very center . There is not nearly enough color in them to stand out from clear ones in the cylinder I am putting them in.In addition , the package was small , not nearly worth the $ 3.99 I paid for them !!! I could definitely have found more colorful and more inexpensive ones at area craft stores . And I am still wondering why I paid $ 5.99 !!!! for shipping !!! That was definitely a bad mistake on my part !!!! Next time I will pay more attention to the amount indicated in the shipping area on the order verification.This was one of the worst buys I have ever gotten from Amazon and I definitely wo n't order from this company again !!!
 over priced and beads were dull . Go to Michaels or another craft store so that you can see the actually product and pay a lot less
 I did not buy this from amazon , and it comes in a new box at the LFS called Clearmax . I found this out the hard way , but this stuff is lethal to certain types of fish and I was using a little less than 50 % of the recommended amount . Now it does trap phosphates , nitrites and nitrates as it states on the box . Water tests are coming up practically zero for each range but at the cost of many fish . Arowanas are especially sensitive to this stuff . Please be careful when using . I will never use this stuff again . I bought it thinking it would help remove some phosphates from a freshwater tank with an algae bloom issue when all i really needed was a UV clarifier/sterilizer . I had no issues with the fish before using this stuff other than some algae bloom . I do weekly water changes and all the water tests were good .
 Will only pump air about 3 inches under water , then the pressure becomes too much.Batteries are loose so if you shake it it will turn on and off.very short power -LRB- 3 feet max if not 2 feet -RRB- cord makes it obnoxious to set up on a fish tank . Has a clip on the back that will not fit on anything you 'd have on our around your aquarium , so difficult to mount or put anywhere.It does what it is supposed to do though , which is turn on when the power goes out . I have mine so the tube is 1 inch under water so itll break surface tension in the case of power outage . Very cheaply does what it says it will .
 Purchased this as an economy pump for when the power cuts out , , , well it is definitely that HOWEVER it is Obnoxiously LOUD and only disperses a minimal amount of air , , , i have a 55g tankstill better than nothing and better than a tank filled with dead bodies
 These stones are garbage . Do n't waste your money . The air does not event come out of the stone , it comes out between the edge of the stone and the plastic ring !! Worthless .
 Unfortunately like others mentioned this thing is so light and cheap it just floats around in your tank making it useless for most applications .
 I ordered two of the Deluxe Bubble Disk 5 '' Aerating Aquarium Disks and both of them only put bubbles out of one tiny spot . It should be a 1mm disk . I followed all instructions on the package before hooking them up to the air pump . I am returning both that were purchased .
 Bubbles are only coming out of a small 1/2 inch portion on the edge of the ring , thought it maybe would increase in time but it has not .
 All I got out of this lousy product were huge bubbles out of three locations on this piece of junk . Whatever happened to a mist of bubbles like I wanted . I bought a much cheaper airstone that really delivered the goods . I 'm just going to keep this bubble disk as an emergency ornament -LRB- if that means anything -RRB- . I would n't recommend this product to anyone .
 After soaking the 3 '' stone for about 40 minutes instead of the 15 -LRB- because I forgot about it for a few minutes -RRB- , I hooked it up only to be disappointed with it 's bubble output . There are only a few bubbles that come out on the sides and not from the entire top or even a quarter of it . My 1 inch stone produces a hell of a lot more bubbling that this entire piece of floating junk .
 It works , just not very well . The air diffusion is not good , most of the air comes out of the edges as opposed from the entire disk.There is also a high tendency for the disk to float up a little and eventually flip over , so the diffusion portion faces down and you end up generating large bubbles instead of thousands of tiny ones . To alleviate this , I weigh it down by placing rocks or ornaments on top.I still use mine , but would not buy it again .
 I bough this to put in my 55 gallon tank , and as soon as I put it in , it floated right back to the top . I did everything to try to keep it down . I put lots of gravel over it , rocks , anything I could find to try to get this thing to stay at the bottom of the tank . Nothing worked ! Would not recommend this at all unless you do n't mind it floating around in your tank .
 I bough this and a 4in standard air stone . The 4in stone produces twice as many bubbles on the same exact air pump -LRB- wisper 100g -RRB- . The bubbles were not any smaller than the 4in stone . Save yourself the cash and get a normal airstone , this disk is a paper weight .
 I put it in my fish tank and it has great bubbles -LRB- so far -RRB- . My problem is , that it will not stay on the floor of the tank . I have tried weighing it down using extra connection tubing and gravel , but it still wants to float . I also tried reducing the air flow to almost nothing , but that did not work either . I ended up wedging it behind a large intake tube to keep it from floating to the top of the tank . I like the bubbles but , I do n't like the fact that it will not stay on the bottom gravel bed .
 Unlike the photo on the package that shows the disk laying nicely on the tank bottom , mine kept floating up . Even if I buried the line in stones it went up . Finally I put a big rock on top of it , the rock had a hole thru it and the bubbles now come up thru the rock . Actually a very cool look.Not well designed as it keeps floating up but it does bubble nicely.One week later , I ended up replacing this with a regular bubble tube that attaches to the wall of my tank because no matter WHAT I did to hold this down -LRB- put it under a rock , bury it in gravel , etc -RRB- it eventually would break free and float up . Do n't buy it .
 The only good comment I can give on these treats is that my cat liked them when they were fresh , and they are really inexpensive ! I can usually find these treats for under two dollars at the grocery or pet store , and even on occasion at the dollar store . As this treat proves , often with a low price , comes a cheap product . It would be nice if these pounce treats had healthier ingredients , maybe some vitamins or a dental cleanser , but no , its just junk food and a long list of filler ingredients . They smell really gross to me but my cat seemed to enjoy them . My biggest reason for not liking this treat , aside from the terrible ingredients and smell , is the fact that it is soft and chewy and not crunchy texture . Soft treats reek havoc on pet teeth as the sticky particles just sit on their teeth and gums and just rot there . Crunchy treats at least crunch off and do n't stick to their teeth - hopefully crunching off some tarter with it . For a really good dental product , I recommend Crunch N ' Clean brand with DentaShield . Greenies brand does n't have as many beneficial dental ingredients , but they are pretty good as well as they contain vitamins and a little bit of breath freshening ingredients in them , so they are much better than these . Any crunchy treat would be better than these . Even other Pounce varieties are MUCH better than these , such as the Tarter & Plaque control varieties . The Pounce Tarter & Plaque control are a bit more pricey , but still relatively inexpensive and they contain vitamins and are crunchy . Another strange thing about these treats is that the recommended daily allotment is 6-8 treats per day , which is just crazy to me . I only give my cats no more than 1-2 a day of these while I had them . I eventually threw them out as they got hard as rocks and my cats did n't like them anymore anyhow.Pros
 When I received this item , it was the `` Vertical Surface '' formula , which is thickened and does n't soak down into carpet padding well . I tried to exchange the item , but EntireleyPets does n't carry the regular formula and would n't refund me because if you ENLARGE the photo , it clearly says `` VS '' on the label . You ca n't use this formula as an area spray , since it dries with residue that the bottle says needs to be cleaned thoroughly before allowing pets near it . The vendor has been pretty uncooperative - I ordered through them directly and they charged me $ 20 more than if I had ordered through Amazon.com - and would n't pricematch their OWN price ! Probably will not order from this vendor again .
 Ordered a 500 ml bottle and black light . It worked reasonably well , but not perfect -LRB- you first apply Urine-Off , then let it dry then reapply and let it dry again usually several times before cat urine stains are gone -RRB- . Anyway it worked and I ordered a 5 litre bottle , which does not seem to work at all and customer service does not reply to my mails - very disappointing.But worst part is almost the smell that Urine-Off leaves behind its almost worse than the urine smell itselft . Still looking for a proper cat urine stain remover !
 Tried this after finding Nature 's Miracle to be anything BUT a miracle.This product may in fact neutralize the urine but it 's hard to say since it comes with an overpowering perfume . The company is proud of the fragrance saying that focus groups asked for it . I have a message for them
 I ordered this Urine Off Vet Strength from Amazon and it was fulfilled by Entirely Pets . First of all , it took 10 days to reach me ! Then when I opened the box , it was the REGULAR Urine Off , not the vet strength . I immediately called Entirely Pets and they insisted I had the product I ordered . I told the guy that I had it pulled up on my screen adn he said Amazon had it wrong ! He said they did n't sell that product . So I pulled it up on their own website and there it was , plain as day . He actually argued with me that they did n't sell it when they were offering it on their website ! I can not believe the complete and utter incompetence of some people.Bottom line
 My dog 's urine stains on my hardwood floor may have been there for months . I have saturated the spot four times now and seen a minimal change . I was too gullible about the product 's promises of removing all stain .
 Be careful with this company . The item sent was the &#34; regular strength &#34; product and not the &#34; Veterinarian Strength . &#34; They have done this before and are aware of it . Company is misleading and deceptive .
 Try Nature 's Miracle , which you still have to use a lot of , but it works better and costs less .
 Here 's the deal ... . if you let your animals pee on the carpet , nothing helps except new carpet . Trust me on that one - I 've tried everything . The enzyme formulas like this are way better than nothing and will keep you sane while Phideaux -LRB- French for Fido -RRB- grows up , but do n't expect miracles . Also - this particular brand is not as effective as a brand called `` Urine-Off '' - but that is typically $ 80/gallon . It 's the same stuff - my guess is this is less concentrated.My advice is hold off getting the new carpet until the dog -LRB- or the toddler -RRB- is at least two years old , but when that day comes , rip the old stuff out , including any plywood sub-flooring that got urine saturated , and start over .
 The Anemone arrives without many of its tenacles . It was so old that its coloring was brown , nothing like its picture . I sent it back and was never refunded . The worst order ever .
 I WOULD NOT GET THIS AT ALL SAFE YOUR MONEY ... WHEN I GOT THIS I WAS EXPECTING IT FIRST OF ALL TO BE PINK AS IT SAYS ... IT CAME IN BROWN AND IT WAS DIRTY ... AND TO MAKE IT CLEAR BECAUSE SOMETHING I JUST DIDNT REALIZE THIS DOES NOT MOVE WITH WATER FLOW SO IF THAT IS SOMETHING YOU ARE LOOKING FOR THIS WOULD NOT BE IT ... I RETURNED THE PRODUCT THE DAY I GOT IT
 The product arrived with a couple broken pieces , rather dusty and sloppily packaged . The color is much duller than pictured . Also , the picture and description leads you to believe that this is a soft piece , and would flow in the water ... . it is NOT . It is a very hard resin material , and some of the edges are actually rather sharp , so if you wanted this for your clownfish ... think again you 'll end up harming them ... . also returning the item is a PAIN . Took 3 days to hear a response and return shipping is the cost of the consumer , even when the item was defective and not as advertised .
 broken on arrival , sticky resin material that was nothing like what I expected , does n't move at all with water -LRB- a hard lump of junk -RRB- do n't waste your money
 Spent an extra 20 bucks on this airpump expecting by its name that it would be silent . WRONG , this little device buzzes even louder than my original 8 dollar air pump . Whats that all about ?
 I bought this pump to avoid the annoying buzz sound most of these air pumps seem to make , unfortunately by `` silent '' they actually mean loud . I 'd save your money and walk to the nearest pet store .
 I purchased this product because I wanted a silent air pump and was disappointed with it for that reason .
 Purchased Natural Chemistry Stain & Odor Eliminator in hopes of removing stain and odor from brand new carpet in brand new house -- Puppy accidents . I followed instructions on bottle , but it did NOT work . In fact , I now have larger , more obvious stains than I had before . I am trying to minimize the staining created by this product by using my old stand-by , Nature 's Miracle . It is slowly lessening the stain , but I can still see it . I am completely dissatisfied , as you can imagine ! Now I have a worse appearing carpet than before I used this product , and there is still odor . It failed on all counts !
 I was disappointed in the fact that the puppies chewed the top of the keys off in the first 10 minutes , which turned it into a choking hazard .
 My dog had no interest in chewing this toy . I wish she did , but she much prefers squeaky toys , bones , hooves , and my shoes -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- . She likes plastic but not nylabones -- prefers plastic hangers .
 One chomp by my puppy removed a sliver of this toy . MAYBE chunks are ok , but a sliver is never a good thing . It 's a hard toy , so the slivers are no slackers . The size of the keys themselves were not too large -LRB- min . poodle puppy - 3 mos . -RRB- . Get a `` puppy-sized '' Kong . Indestructible.Skip these , no matter how cute they are ! mb
 Took my 15 lbs dog and the leash came apart . I 'm glad I did n't take my 80lbs dog . Not happy with purcharse
 I bought this for my keet thinking it was keet size , NO WAY ! It is big enough for a BALD EAGLE ! I had to return it for credit .
 My cockatiel has been noisy lately , so I decided to redecorate his cage , hoping he would be quieter with new furnishings to explore . I got 2 rope perches , and a rawhide-like spiral chew toy . My bird screamed and flew away each time I tried to put him into the cage . I placed him on top of the cage and attempted to get him to step on onto the perch . He extended his wings , and hissed . I could only guess he must have thought the new perches were snakes . I had to remove the rope perches and the rawhide spiral , with also bore a snake-like resemblance , before he could reenter his cage . Good thing I kept the old perches ... and be careful when you have cockatiels .
 This powerhead moves water , so much so that I wish it had a lower flow rate on the low end . The real issue , though , is that it vibrates so loudly that I can hear it in other rooms . I have rigged it with padding so it 's not so loud ... but I should n't have to .
 1 . NO input Strainer , No output flow deflector , NO output hose adapter .2 . QUESTIONABLE reverse flow design !!! If you are using the reverse flow functionality , well , it does , but in a different way ... I took apart the powerhead and investigate the design of the green control -LRB- adjustable flow control -RRB- , then found out that it does not function as I thought -- The reverse flow had a THIRD INTAKE ! The output for the normal flow is almost completely blocked for the reverse flow setting , and a DIFFERENT intake -LRB- sealed for the forward setting -RRB- opens up for the REVERSE flow setting !!! There is nothing on the internet that states this , and I can only find out by taking apart the powerhead and looking into the design ! For reverse underground filter , it is better to do the Penguin-reverse-flow-way ... I should have bought the Penguin reversible powerhead in the beginning .3 . The spec did n't even state the size of input and output ... I had to spend time to figure out what are the sizes for the connectors that fits.Pros :1 . As a powerhead , it is quiet with good flow2 . It does not give out as much heat as Odessea and Powersweep powerheads .3 . The output flow is strong and the venturi air intake works well.I bought this for my DIY project.Because of items listed in all the cons , it ended up that I did not use it as the powerhead to drive my DIY reverse flow underground filter.In my opinion , it is just a powerhead with unusable reverse flow setting . It does not worth the extra $ $ $ for its functionality ... There are tons of powerheads and submersible pumps with comparable flow rating that are quiet and also has low power consumption . Some even has lots of fittings & attachments that come with the box . It just does not worth the extra $ $ $ .
 WARNING
 Added this powerhead to my 15 gallon sump/refugium ... all I was looking for was a small flow to help have my macro algae spin ... this pump is so weak it could n't even get a golf ball sized ball of algae to move ... what a waste .
 Worked good on my 20 gallon tank for a year or two , but the cord area going into the unit had the plastic covering rub or break off and I did n't realize it at first . I got a slight charge everytime I put my hands into the water ! Not terrible ; similar to a strong static charge ! But I do n't like getting zapped LoLI rarely moved it once I got it in place , so I 'm not sure how the plastic covering exposed the wire .
 This unit barely moves the water around in my 125 I have 3 filters on it I just wanted a little movement , Barely does it . Dunno if its a design flaw but I have a pulsating spray of micro bubbles coming from mine VERY ANNOYING as I love crystal clear water . . I used it for about a month and pulled it out of my 125 and going to use it on another tank since it was in my show tank and make it look like crap ...
 this powerhead i ran it in my 55 gallon and it sucked up alot of my fishes . I was wondering where all my fish went and when i decided to check the powerhead ... they were all stuck in there . It was really gross and i was shocked ... this is the reason why i gave it one star . However , if you run it with a sponge filter it 's fine , but small fishes like neons and guppies got stuck in that green part . I guess with big fishes this is fine , but with small fishes you guys have to run it with a sponge filter .
 I works , but considering the price it 's noisy . I bought a much cheaper one and it 's quieter .
 I bought AquaClear 70 Powerhead and the filter , however , they can not connect together , without the filter , the power head can only disturb the water , I send emails to Amazon , they said the product did n't belong to them , they could not help me to solve the problem . I bought another brand filter . The `` Aquaclear Power Head '' and the `` Filter '' are still stored on the corner of my cabinet . My question is why the `` set '' they sold does not fit each other . This stuff waisted more than $ 60 of my money !
 This product caused severe allergic reactions in four dogs when used at the groomer . My two dogs were itching and bleeding from the skin after this product was used . We had to rinse them several times to remove and still it left scars from where it set in thier skin!This product should be recalled !
 Not good for purigen . The small beads slip through . I did n't like the bag even if it worked for Purigen , they just feel cheap and the string is just attached , not threaded through the neck so you ca n't cinch it tight and tie it . They might as well have just included a loose piece of string for you to tie it with .
 i got this for using purigen , a renewable filter media . i got the bag that was specifically made for it and it was over 8 bucks.i thought i could save a bit of money and use this one . well i have little white purigen beads floating all over and my dumb fish is tryin gto eat them.i would use this with carbon media but nothing else . it 's not super fine and not durable.i 'm not made though , because they do n't say it was made for purigen .
 Mesh is not fine . Purigen falls right out . The only product with fine enough mesh is Seachem 's The Bag 180 micron mesh bag .
 the holes are too big ; will not hold purigen . fine for just carbon or large media . Weak , tears over time . i will not be purchasing again .
 The perches made by BOODA are always well made , this did not seem to be a manufacturing defect . The item sent was frayed along the edges of the rope near where the four sections `` cross '' . I did not see the fray until 2 weeks after delivery when I fully extended the sections and began manipulating it to install in my parrot 's cage . Had I better inspected it upon arrival , I would have returned it immediately , but of course would still be out the cost of shipping . This vendor apparently deals in `` second quality new '' merchandise and I will not shop with them again .
 The dimensions of this `` large '' ring in the Product Description are incorrect/misleading ! It states in the listing Product Dimensions
 This is the second time I 've tried this medicine , and the most it did for my 65 pound Golden Retriever was take the edge off , if that . He still runs around hiding and destroying things he is too big to hide under . The reason why I got this in the first place was because he dug a hold in the bathroom through the wallpaper , and destroyed the wooden molding on the door until he was bleeding . I did n't have time to give it to him to early with these summer storms giving no warning at all , but I would think it would kick in sometime in the middle of the storm that lasted an hour . I think I 'm going to try buying something in pill form and see if that works . It was just too hard to give this medicine to my dog , and if I put it in a bowl to pour down his throat , I 'm not sure how much he is actually getting with the sticky formula sticking to the bottom of the bowl .
 We have a cat that gets extremely upset with strangers in the house . We gave some of the liquid to him and he loves the taste but found it to be completely ineffective for calming him down .
 I got this in preparation for a long distance move I was going to be making with 3 cats . My cats were going to have to spend 12 hrs in a car and I wanted to make it as easy on them as possible . I ordered this a few weeks in advance and tested it out on the cat that I knew was going to have the most issues with the car ride . He also tends to get very hyper at night and drives the other two cats nuts , so I gave this to him in the evenings , hoping it would help calm him down . The dropper made it easy to give to my cat and he did n't seem to object too much to the taste , but it made no difference in my cat 's behavior . I tried it multiple times and also tested it on one of my other cats . It never made a difference for either of them and I ended up throwing it away .
 The dimensions of this `` large '' ring in the Product Description are incorrect/misleading ! It states in the listing Product Dimensions
 Re
 I bought this product hoping it would help keep my cats teeth clean and their breath fresh . I wish I had read the ingredients before I purchased it because it does n't seem to have any enzymatic ingredients found in true , working dental treats . It also does n't have any breath freshening ingredients . I think the only reason why they are `` dental '' treats is because they are crunchy and not moist treats , which is very good . These are MUCH better than the pounce soft and chewy varieties or any soft and chewy treat that can stick to cat teeth and cause bad breath and tooth decay . Another issue I have with these treats is that my cats only like this product while its very fresh . They seem to go stale really easily , like within a week , and then after that my cats do n't care for it . I always close them tightly and I 've even tried putting them in a separate bag - in container , but still no luck . This treat may not help cat teeth , but they definitely wo n't hurt them . Also there are vitamins in these , which is pretty cool . They really are pretty decent treats , and I would probably give them 4 stars if they were just treats . However , to be marketing them as `` dental , '' they really should have at least one dental ingredient . If your looking for a true dental treat , I recommend Crunch n ' Clean brand with DentaShield . Greenies brand does n't have many beneficial dental ingredients either , but they are another pretty good one as they too contain vitamins but with a little bit of added breath freshening ingredients in them , so they are slightly better than these .
 A friend 's dog had skin problems similar to those my dog has experienced . My friend said that these skin problems had been solved in the course of just a few days by this product . I have tried it with my dog , and , in three weeks have noticed no change . We still have a long way to go to use the entire 5 lbs. , though , so this review may be premature
 I have been using this product for several weeks and so far there have been no noticeable results . That , coupled with receiving and getting billed for TWO large cans -LRB- which should last until the end of the century -RRB- , make me a skeptical user of this product . The coat luster on my little Bichon and the incessant scratching has not improved . Looks like the money might have been better spent on a vet !
 We tried the Nupro supplement on the recommendation of a breeder . It was for our 10 # shih tzu . After a few days it appeared that it was having great results , her eyes appeared brighter and she had alot of spunk . The unfortunate result that came along with that was loose stools . We came home to an absolute mess one day . We thought maybe she had eaten something outside but I also stopped the supplement to get her back to normal . After she resumed normal activity we tried the supplement again -LRB- at a smaller dose -RRB- and ended up with another mess ... this time all over our new carpet . We immediately stopped the supplement and she again is back to normal . We also tried the supplement with joint support for our golden retriever . It did not effect his stools but it did make his allergies worse -LRB- not better as the supplement promotes -RRB- so we have also discontinued the supplement with him . My parents also tried this supplement with their shih tzu and he has just recently started to have loose stools .
 I use this as a supplement because I home cook for my dogs ... but I have a foster sheltie and my parents Sheltie visits and both of them got horrible loose stools -LRB- even bloody -RRB- when trying to use this . On my own dogs which are around 30 and 40 pounds , I give them about 1/3 the required supplement or they also get loose stools ... There is good nutrition in this stuff , but something definitely upsets the dogs stomachs , especially at the recommended dosage !
 I have tried everything from small doses to using other foods to camouflage the Nupro . Nothing works . My GSD refuses to eat this product . My GSD will devour his food otherwise . He will also eat his food with liberal amount of salmon oil on it . He simply will not eat his food with Nupro . If anyone has a suggestion , please advise . I plan to try another supplement .
 Your price is ridiculous . You want $ 4.99 for a 2.1 oz pacage . Petco has them on sale for $ 1.79 , and Wag.com , where I bought them because Petco did n't have the right flavor , has them for $ 1.99 .
 I got this product because of its amazing reviews from amazon customers . WOW . They were wrong.I got this chunk of cardboard home and my cat wanted nothing to do with it until I added the catnip that comes with it . Then he was interested in licking it and rubbing his body on it . I made the mistake of putting this setup on my rug so as his body weight tip the box it fell in the rug along with the catnip that now the cat is destroying my rug to get to.I do n't suggest this product for any cat as this ingesting cardboard can not be healthy for cats .
 Not only is this the ugliest thing I have ever mistakenly purchased , it is made of cardboard ! I sent it back in disgust , happy to pay shipping just to get some kind of a refund .
 Not sure why , but my dog would not eat his food if this was on it.I only post this because I purchased a large container thinking , `` Gosh , all these positive people on Amazon ca n't be wrong . `` Ah well .
 My 12 year female Pitbull has always been in excellent health and is a service dog -LRB- former Disk Pro -RRB- . In her older years her joints are aching and she has arthritis . We started her on Nupro Joint Support which was a BIG mistake . After giving the product to her for 3 days , she started eating LOTS of grass and had trouble moving her bouls . She has had bad diarreah which is the same color as the Nupro . This was her only diet change . The Nupro has given her extreme gastro intestinal problems and I fear we may have to take her to the vet . She does not eat foreign objects or injest unknown foods . We feed her Orijen and natural beef/chicken/giblets / veggies . Nupro has really messed her up . DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT !! I am filing a lawsuit against the company .
 Our breeder recommended that we use Nupro nutrional supplement for our golden retriever . He has allergies and she suggested that the supplement helps with that . The company also promotes this product as helping with allergies . Unfortunately it made our dog 's allergies worse . Within days of starting the supplement his ears were inflamed and messy , he was biting and licking at his paws and he lost some hair on his tail.We also tried the Nupro supplement , without joint support , for our shih tzu . It caused loose stools for her . My parents had the same reaction with their shih tzu.We have since discontinued use of both products .
 I brought this product because it was reccomended very highly . My beautiful laborador boys got so sick vomiting and diarrea that i stopped this powder immediately . My cousins dogs do very well on this powder.I will give the leftover to her .
 We had the same problem as D.Case reported in another review . We purchased the 5 pound Nu Pro Silver to help our dear Angel , a Yellow Labrador therapy dog , with the hip discomfort she 's developed . We mixed it as instructed into a gravy and set it down before normally voracious Angel and she actually backed away from it . We thinned it out more and still noticed just how strong the garlic smell is . She would n't touch it . We then mixed just half the gravy with a can of food . She still would n't eat it ! We were shocked because she is not finicky . We could not get her to accept her food with the supplement unless we used only 10 percent the recommended dosage ... and that just wo n't have the benefit we need . The garlic smell is pervasive after adding water . We feel there should be some warning in descriptions of the product . We are happy other doggies are benefiting from Nu Pro Silver but wanted people to know that the strong garlic smell puts off some dogs . Peace .
 I bought this product in October 2011 and fed it to my two dogs for a month ... I did n't repurchase it , and now am really glad I did n't because within a few days of stopping it , one of my two developed a red rash on her belly and armpits.I treated this naturally -LRB- hypoallergenic shampoo baths , coconut oil internally and externally - dogs LOVE this as well ! -RRB- and it went away after about two weeks ... then a few weeks later it came back ... treated it naturally , went away ... then came back . After repeating this cycle about three times , I finally took her to the vet , knowing they 'd want to put her on antibiotics or steroids ... I was desperate and finally agreed to putting her on antibiotics for 10 days . The rash went away , but came back with a * vengeance * last week and now she has oozing sores and the red rash in her ears :-LRB- -LRB- . I spent all morning reading online and am 99.9 % sure I know the culprit - a systemic yeast infection -LRB- she even smells `` yeasty '' - gross , I know ... -RRB- . We have n't changed anything in their environment or food -LRB- and we feed them a high-quality grain-free food -RRB- in at least 6 months EXCEPT for adding Nupro , and Nupro has nutritional yeast as an added ingredient.I 'm sure for some dogs this is fine -LRB- it was for one of ours ... -RRB- but not for all - I just want to be sure I shared this information in case you know you have a yeast-sensitive dog or in case yours ends up with a rash and you do n't know the cause!I 've just ordered some dog probiotics , and will go back to regular baths and coconut oil internally and externally ... I 'm totally confident that this combo will help her -LRB- better than steroids or antibiotics , come on ! -RRB-
 Based on the mixed reviews here , I think it depends upon which size you buy . I bought the jumbo and they 're really bad . I 've torn them with my fingers and it was a week before my cats ' claws got through the bottom . They 're thin and flimsy and not worth any amount of money because they just make the situation worse . I wanted to keep the litter from hardening and sticking to the boxes , making them very hard to clean well . This creates puddles and hardened litter that does n't get scraped every day . Do n't waste your money .
 These used to be fantastic litter box liners -- thick , durable , a perfect fit , and easy to lift with the drawstring feature . No more . The plastic is now so thin that my kitties claw through it in no time . When it 's time to lift and dispose , the litter pours through huge holes faster than I can transfer to the waste can . I 'm left with a litter box full of used litter -- so what 's the point of the liner ?
 You need to have a really big dog or a hay bale to groom for this product . It would rip the guts out of anything smaller .
 The de-matting blades are very dull ; I want a comb where the blades have rounded tips but a blade surface that will slice through the matt like butter -- these blades require you to hack and saw and pull , and even then it ends up just pulling the hairs -LRB- of my shrieking , writhing dog -RRB- out by the root , rather than slicing through the matt and leaving the hairs still attached to my dog . If I wanted to just grab the matt and rip it out by the roots , I could use a comb for that purpose . This tool is essentially useless on my Havanese dog 's coat .
 This 2-in-1 seems like a good idea , but it is not built very sturdily . It broke after just a couple of uses . What a waste .
 I bought this a long time ago after reading rave reviews . I dont have a dog with long hair but one with an undercoat and shedding is a huge issue everytime seasons change . I bought this expensive thing in the hope that if it works then money is not that much.But it doesnt do much to clear the undercoat . I go on it maybe 10 times on my dog and only get a very very small amount of undercoat . MY HANDS DO A BETTER JOB THAN THIS ! No kidding ... I am thinking of getting the FURminator at this point since this is just money down the drain , for my purpose atleast ...
 The rake type design is great , but the ends of these blades are EXTREMELY sharp . I was brushing the front coat of my Sheltie and the brush came out and hit my arm and put several deep holes in my arm . It did n't even hit my arm that hard . Now I scared to think of how it must feel on the poor dog if it reaches the skin and I scrap it along , and I 'm using the short end of this flipping blade -LRB- you push one side of the blade down and the other side pops up . One side is short and one side much longer -RRB- . If you buy this tool , you must be very careful how you use it . The smallest mistake could cause very bad cutting to the animal and you .
 we choose Wysong based on the reviews on here , and everyone who wrote about it in a positive light must work for the company because we had the worst experience!We initially ordered their Uretic dry food and vitality and forked over $ 200 plus as the shipping is so costly that we could n't afford to `` sample '' it.The reviews on amazon were glowing and the website itself states over and over how healthy it is and how much their company `` cares '' for our non human family members . . none of our 3 cats liked the wet food so we ordered another type the Au Jus AND FORKED OVER ANOTHER $ 300 and one of our cats contracted a Urinary Tract Infection !! Now we are stuck with a month 's worth of wet cat food that we can only be re-inbursed if we ship back.In a time of a recession when every dollar counts and I myself am working two jobs this company is horrible.Not to mention my cat is still sick.Buyer beware if you love you cats do not buy this .
 I picked these up at a local pet store thinking that the design might make them easier to use . When I started attempting to cut the ferrets nails , these clippers did not perform well . They seemed dull and instead of cutting the nails off it bent them and ended up hurting my ferret . Save your money and buy a cheap pair of baby nail clippers . They work better and cost less .
 HOW COULD A COMPANY WHO PRAISES THEMSELVES ON BEING A NATURAL VERY HEALTHY DIET ???? THIS CONTAINS EVERY INGREDIANT THAT HAS PROVED TO BE SO BAD FOR OUR DOGS ! CORN ? ITS JUST A FILLER ! AND A MAJOR ALLERGEN SAME WITH THE WHEAT AND SOY ETC ETC EVERY ARTICLE YOU READ SAYS ALL THOSE INGREDIANTS ARE VERY UNHEALTHY FOR YOUR DOG ! TISK TISK SHAME ON WYSONG ! I WOULDNT USE IT IF IT WAS GIVEN TO ME FREE ! ITS RIGHT UP THERE WITH PROPLAN PURINA ONE AND BENEFUL THEY ARE RATED THE WORST ON EVERY REVIEW BOARD IN ALL THE BOOKS AND ON THE NET ! IM BAFFLED AT WHY ON GODS GREEN EARTH WOULD A COMPANY SELL THIS TO THEIR CUSTOMERS !! BUY/RENT THE BOOK DR PITCAIRNS COMPLETE GUIDE TO NATURAL HEALTH FOR DOGS AND CATS ! IT WILL BE THE BEST MONEY SPENT . IT WILL EXPLAIN THINGS MUCH BETTER THEN I !! I BOUGHT IT FROM AMAZON.COM
 After many weeks I realized the cat container of Wysong Geriatrix was not emptying . Cats do not like it anymore . It used to be one of their treats . Did the formula change , says new on a label .
 Have a Golden Retriever and within 15 minutes he had seperated the ball , rope , and plush toy . Within two days he had ripped one of the corners off and we had to take it away . There is nothing `` Extreme '' about this product .
 I purchased this for my three cats , as a way to deal with hairballs and add some vitamins to their diet . All of them are generally healthy , but this was recommended . I 'm really sorry that I spent the money.I followed the instructions , adding a small amount to their food for two days . They did eat it ; something that surprised me . Usually they do n't like anything different with their food.By the middle of the second day all three of the kitties were spending the majority of their time sleeping and trying to find dark places to hide . They only do this when they are not feeling well.I stopped using the supplement and within another two days they were back to normal . My cats are not overly sensitive , but this product really affected them badly . I strongly suggest you use caution before adding this to your cat 's diet .
 It looked okay , but within a few minutes of use the end of the brush came off leaving it stuck at full length inside of the plastic tube I was cleaning . Now this was n't a press fit so there really was n't much pressure on the brush that would have caused it to come off . It just came disconnected from the long steel rod . No way to fix it that I could see or trust that it would n't happen again . Donated it to the trash can . Maybe two stars is too much .
 The handle on this brush is sturdier than the Petco product , but that makes it harder to bend at the angles in the tubing I 'm trying to clean . Also , the bristles are n't long/stiff enough to do any real cleaning . Have n't used it enough to know if the brush head breaks off as it does with the Petco product after too few uses .
 I have n't had a cat yet that liked this one . It 's just a little too interesting for them I think . It smells nasty but I think it 's just the taste that really gets them . My current cat just wo n't touch it - he might eat a couple of bites if he 's REALLY hungry , but I always wind up throwing it out . This one is ground so if your cat likes pieces , do n't try this one .
 I honestly have to say that I just wo n't buy this variety . It looks bad , smells bad and I 'm sure tastes bad because my cat wo n't touch it . No way , no how , wo n't even look at it . My other cat was the same way with this one . It just looks like a huge ground up mess of leftovers they had at a fish market . I 'm sure some cats must like it because it 's still being made , but there 's other things out there much , much better than this one .
 For the same price as this product that claims to only remove urine I could get Nature 's Miracle or Simple Solution . Both of them work on all stains not just urine.I used this product on my dog 's urine and it made the stain a different shade of yellow . Needless to say the stain is there.I 'll pass on this product in the future .
 I rescue pets and recently rescued a Chihuahua mix who is marking on our bedroom door moulding . This product actually seemed to enhance the pee smell . I realize no product is going to completely eliminate any urine ; however , I 've had better luck with Nature 's Miracle and a carpet shampooer .
 My 3 month old kitten would n't eat it . Now I 'm left with 2.75 bags full of worthless kitten food . Do not recommend this product , and advise you to spend a little more for quality .
 I bought the large Squirrel Dude for my Labrador , and I think it is a great toy in theory . I used medium-sized treats , and it was a nice challenge for him to try to get them out . He would play with it all day if I let him . However , he began taking chunks out of the rubber within a few days and I have now had to take it away from him . It definitely can not withstand a powerful chewer , and I am very disappointed that I spent the money for this toy after reading so many good reviews .
 I did n't cut the prongs at all but the kibble falls out too easily . I recommend the waggle toy instead because the hole is smaller and kibble is a little more challenging to get out . This does look slightly sturdier than the waggle toy , but we 've had the waggle toy for months and it 's holding up fine .
 My lab-mix is extremely food driven , so I was hopeful for this product I put kibble in , and she wo n't even give it a second look . She can smell the kibble , but wo n't play with it . I even demonstrated to her that she could get the kibble out of it , but she wo n't even sniff at it on her own . I realize all dogs have their own tastes , but this did n't interest my dog in the least , so you can take that for what it 's worth .
 We have a 10 month old Puggle who chews on everything ! ... wood furniture , rugs , carpet , etc. . We thought squirrel dude would be a great diversion for her but she is not interested in squirrel dude at all even when we stuff him with her favorite treat . He has a really rubbery smell . Disappointed .
 My border collie is not amused with this particular product . Not like a kong where I can smear PB in it for him to get out -LRB- and occupy his time so I can get things accomplished . He does like the other Busy Buddy toy where he pushes it around with his nose dispensing the food . I ca n't recommend this product but the brand has other choices that were better for my dog and I.
 I bought this for my medium-sized dog , who is a very aggressive chewer . The squirrel design is really cute , but it was in pieces within a couple hours . So far the only toys she has n't been able to totally destroy are theKONG Classic Kong , Large Red .
 At 4 months , he still can not remove treats , frozen sweet potatoes or peanut butter from this thing , even after trimming the ` fingers ' . It just makes a mess on the floor . It still smells like rubber after numerous cleanings in dishwasher . Maybe he will use it to teethe on , so far it has been useless .
 Tried peanut butter in it , but dog did n't like licking it out . Treats were too hard to get out , so tried to trim the insides , now to open and treats fall out too easily .
 Received defective dog toy ... The `` premier squirrel dude '' dog toy should have 4 triangular prongs -LRB- inner tags at opening to secure treats -RRB- RATHER THAN THREE . I waited seven days to receive this toy/product that contained only 3 prongs which means that I received a defective toy from the manufacturer or a previous returned item whereas a prior customer removed one prong to dispense treats faster ... Be aware that this dog toy should have four inner triangular prongs .
 I was required to pick a star for rating - so I picked one but I did not get the product-I had ordered the toys for my dogs = days later received a message that the items never shipped and a refund would be made to my account . NO explanation was ever given - no opportunity to substitute another product .
 It was impossible for my dog to get any of the treats out of this toy . I was very disappointed with how it was made . Would not buy again .
 We bought Squirrel Dude and the Waggle for our 30 # dog . She is TOTALLY FRUSTRATED with trying to get the treats out and now wo n't even look at the toys . Putting her kibble in there is pointless - she 's not interested in working this hard for food that she gets daily anyway . I had to use tweezers and my arthritic fingers to get the treats out , and they were small treats.I really want my money back . My dog looks at me like she 's been duped and I feel the same way.Maybe this works for LARGE , BIG TIME CHEWERS but sure does n't work for my dog .
 Unfortunately , my 7-month old Weimaraner has n't taken a liking to this toy . She loves her Kong toys , but for some reason , she has no interest in this toy , no matter what I put in it .
 My dogs wo n't touch this foul smelling thing . Although we place treats inside , the stench of rubber is so strong the dogs ignore this toy . Our miniature Schanzer is big enough to chew it but wo n't and our maltese is too small for it . Not a great choice .
 I got this hoping to keep my dog occupied for a while working to get her food . I bought the large size squirrel dude , but it has a wide hole in the end with tiny prongs that do nothing to keep the food in the toy . The food just falls right out . It might work better with wet food or peanut butter , but not kibble .
 My dog is a powerful chewer . I thought this toy may be tough enough for her , I was wrong . I keep finding little pieces of purple plastic all over my house .
 Product smells and tastes terrible , bitter ! I washed the product when it first arrived , dog would n't play with it . After handling it at one point , my hands were bitter . I do n't know what it 's made of or treated with , but multiple washes and soaking does n't remove the bitterness . It 's going back !
 The toy seem to be durable enough , but I am planning on returning it due to a very strong chemical/rubbery smell ...
 My dog shows no interest in this toy , even when I put food in it , and it is much smaller than I expected . Maybe he just does n't like toys like this , but I was very disappointed in it .
 Do n't order this from here . I ordered it and when received it only had 3 prongs which would not hold my dogs food in it - it just fell out . It was replaced for free since it was defective and the next one was exactly the same . I have since orderd it from an independant store elsewhere on the internet and got the toy with the 4 prongs . My dog loves it and brings it to me to fill on a daily basis . This is a great toy but they must have many defective ones in stock .
 My local independent pet store highly recommended the large Squirrel Dude for my big dog who loves to chew . I gave it to him , and he had chewed off the head in less than five minutes . He was starting to swallow the rubber chunks he chewed off . I 'm getting a refund . The label said that this toy `` is not considered indestructible '' -- no kidding !
 I bought this toy for my dog a month ago , and I 'm going to get rid of it . It smells horrible , it has a really strong rubber and baby oil smell . I washed and scrubbed this toy many times , but the smell does not go away . When my dog played with this toy , he bit some of the plastic/rubber off . This was a complete waste of money , and I will stick to the Kong toys for my dog.It may work for your dog , but I do n't recommend this product to anyone .
 I hate to give such a negative review , but this was a waste of money for me.The toy has a terrible oil/baby oil/rubber-y smell to it , no matter how many times I 've washed it -LRB- and I 've tried washing out the smell a lot ! -RRB- I 've tried stuffing it with treats , peanut butter , cheese , etc , but my dog wo n't touch this toy at all . He does have a super-sensitive nose , so maybe that 's why ??? I 'm disappointed ; I 'll stick with the black Kong toys from now on .
 Well , you ca n't expect anything for 3.49 , its cheap in price as well as quality . Would NOT recommend you buy this flimsy , plastic waste of money . It is very ill suited for aquatic gardening , it barely `` grabs '' anything , and does not allow for any kind of precision !
 The `` Unique Arts In Ground Copper Birdbath '' sold by Amazon.com LLC , was a `` HUGE Dissapointment ... Not what I ordered at all . The picture does n't even come close to what I received , and what I received does n't even work together , as the birdbath holder does NOT hold the birbath dish correctly !! I left a VM for Unique Arts , to give them a chance to fix this problem , and they NEVER called or emailed me back !! Also , the description of this birdbath is sooo deceiving , as there is not 1 part that is `` Solid Copper `` Unique Arts In Ground Copper Birdbath . My suggestion ... `` Stay Away '' from Unique Arts , based out of Wisconsin :-LRB- -LRB-
 The top did not fit into the stand ... it was loose therefore useless.could not tighten it ... problem `` Made in China '' Do not buy this item .
 What a pretty copper dish . Sadly when ordering it was not clear by either the written description or the person taking the order - that I was only purchasing the copper dish.There is no stand.Finding a stand to fit the saucer -LRB- dish -RRB- is nearly impossible - making the purchase unusable .
 Apparently they did n't have the item in stock , but never let me know anything . Hope my fish do n't die before a replacement can be found .
 This food does have very good nutrition -LRB- and is thus the most expensive -RRB- , but all of the kittens -LRB- six -RRB- I fostered over three summers did not like the taste at all , and thus practically had to be forced to eat it . Three different pairs of different breeds -LRB- that I had at different times -RRB- did not like it .
 I ordered this product and talked to the guy Steve on the phone . He sent me a totally different item . Not even on the same page . It had round wood poles like from home depot , not natural tree limbs like in the photo.This person will send you a totally different item than advertise do not trust them with your money!Totally false advertisement .
 This filter does not prime itself without a lot of help from you . Lots of air gets trapped in the intake tube and is a real headache to clear this and get any kind of water flowthrough the filter . The bio-wheel does not spin very easily and needs a lot of water to spin it , which this filter fails to provide . So the wheel usually just sits there . I 've owned larger versions of this filter in the past , and had the same problems . They require a ton of fiddling-with after a water change , power outage , etc to get them going correctly . Buy a different brand and be happier .
 I bought the dragon and the lady bug . My Aussie had them both in pieces in 10 min so if your dog likes to chew avoid these.The search for long lasting toy continues .
 My dog chewed off the legs in less than 10 minutes . She was supervised , but she still managed to rip them off quickly . -LRB- She was probably about 8 months . Adult teeth . Puppy energy . -RRB- Despite that fact that she LOVED the way the legs straightened when she squeezed it , I will not buy another latex `` squeeze meeze '' from premier . It seems unsafe , and it certainly does n't seem worth the money . I 'm only giving it two stars because she did think it was cool .
 I have bought this product many times and gotten the exact same item all the other times . These were much smaller than all of the ones previously purchased even though the same description was given as the others purchased . The price was the same as the best price I got the others for . I would not purchase through this vendor again .
 My puppy ripped the tongue and tail off of this toy within 30 minutes . And of course once there 's a hole in it , it no longer squeaks . I 'm not impressed with this toy at all .
 My pug loves little squeaky stuffed toys and I wanted to try something different with this cute dragon . I do n't know if it 's the texture of the rubber , that it 's not stuffed , I do n't know but he will not play with this toy . I 'm sure other dogs will like it , but no for my lil pug . It 's so cute too , the way the little tongue shoots out when you squeeze the toy , I 'm bummed !
 Very disappointing ... my dog wo n't even play with it ! If it were a &#34; plush &#34; toy , I 'm sure he wo n't have enjoyed it more . Personally I think it 's still overpriced .
 When I got these toys today , the dog , a Cacachon , LOVED them . The dragon was n't unwinding his tail for some reason , but the tongue came out just fine . The pup thought it was great fun , AND I THINK he liked the taste of the plastic . He played almost exclusively with the dragon until he pulled off its tongue and it no longer squeaked . I showed him how the octopus worked . At first it scared him a bit , but then he took it and , again , had a wonderful time playing with it , until he pulled off its legs . So , within a very short amount of time , I have two toys that are already in pieces and pretty useless.I also HIGHLY recommend that you watch your dog while playing with these . Once he pulled a piece off , he continued to chew on the pieces , not the body , and would have swallowed them.Overall , it was fun for him for an extremely small amount of time . So , for me , it was a waste of money . 5 stars for temporary fun . Zero stars for durability . Zero stars for good investment in a toy . Averaging it out , it 's less than 2 stars .
 This was a very cute toy . . it lasted all of four days . My lil beagle beat the ever loving u know what out of it , and the tongue and tail were quickly cur-tailed !!
 I should have read more about this toy before I bought it . The picture alone it looks plush and not rubber . My dog hates rubber toys he will catch them and immediately spit them out in disgust so for me it truly was not worth it . Still , four bucks on a rubber toy I still think that is a bit much . Especially how tiny it is .
 This dog toy greatly disappointed me because of the 8 curled legs that were attached to the body and could of easily been chewed off and possibly get caught in the animals throat . When I first received the toy , one of the legs were already coming apart . I had to return because of this . I have the dragon and the chameleon toys in this same line and love them .
 This was a big hit but did n't even last 15 minutes . My dog chewed right threw it . Unfortunately would n't recommend unless your dog is not a chewer at all ! It just does n't have any durability .
 Based on other reviews I thought this would be a good toy . Too bad for me my puppy chewed through the tail & tounge in less than an hour - so no squeking for him !!
 My PUPPY Golden Retriever never destroys his toys He 's not a tough chewer , he has little puppy teeth , and he still has every toy that he 's ever owned . That being said , within 3 minutes he had chewed off both the tongue and tail of this dragon and probably would have eaten both if I was n't monitoring him with his new toy . If this thing starts falling apart with only a few puppy chewing minutes , it has no chance with adult sized dogs . Yes , my dog loved it , but I do n't want him taking apart and eating a rubber dragon . Do n't get this .
 This is absolutely not a durable chew toy ! It took a 12 pound maltese/poodle only 15 minutes to remove and eat a dime-size chunk off this toy . -LRB- No food was stuffed in it . -RRB- He 's a pretty aggressive/obsessive chewer . Still , I 'm totally disappointed in this product . He has not chewed up these two toys
 I bought this yesterday because it said it was a toy for `` extreme chewers '' . This is not the case at all . My 20 pound poodle schnauzer mix had a leg chewed off in 10 minutes . Very disapointing . I do not recommend this toy . Stay with an extreme kong instead .
 Even when there is nothing in the litter box , there is dust in the air and an awful smell to go with it . The smell is the litter - nothing else . Swheat scoop -LRB- ? -RRB- wheat litter is so much better . I ca n't even finish the box of this litter . Bought it because it was the only thing available at a small natural store and I was in a hurry . Wo n't make that mistake again !
 i have a book at home saying that u should NOT feed a guinea pellets that have those different type of dried veggies.they had said they will choke if eaten.juss wanted to let chu know
 These are advertised to be instantly dissolving , yet they do not fully dissolve when submerged in water for over 24 hours . I purchased these to use for a lab and was not able to do so . If you are wanting these for anything other than a toy , do not use .
 Our dog loved chewing on this bone ... she is a very aggressive chewer and this was one of the few toys that held up . Unfortunately , it might be a little too strong . She cracked one of her molars -LRB- completely in half ! -RRB- while chewing on this toy which resulted in several hundred dollars in dental surgery ...
 This is really no different than any other Nylabone other than the shape . The bone is still a hard plastic type material that does splinter and form sharp shards that cut the dogs mouth and catch on everything . Not really happy , was hoping for a different material that does n't do that . So it is over rated and not what I had hoped for .
 My dog loved this bone , but within 1 week he had 3 broken teeth . This items not worth the hundreds it will cost in vet bills .
 Dog 's do not care for this toy , to heavy and edges are very sharp once the dog does chew on it . Waste of money .
 This Nylabone Galileo was sure to be the answer for my bulldog . It did last longer than previous purchases , but the ends that he chewed are very sharp and prickly . It 's heavy and he still carries it around sometimes , but I 'm sure it hurts his mouth and gums if he chews it .
 I bought this excitedly thinking that we would have another option for our heavy chewer -LRB- lab/shepherd mix -RRB- to go along with the Nylabone Big Chews we buy . Our dog had inch-long gouges in this bone within 10 minutes , and was pulling off pieces larger than grains of rice in 15 . This was not a good fit for our dog , and I 'd highly recommend keeping a close eye to make sure they 're not getting big pieces off when you first give it to your dog . You just never know . We still buy the Big Chews religiously .
 My dog did n't seem to care for this product at all . He also had quite a bit of trouble trying to carry it in his mouth . Definitely not one of his favorite Nylabones .
 THIS PRODUCT DOES NOT DESERVE ANY STARS . We gave my dog -LRB- a 48lb Border Collie Miix -RRB- one of the beef flavored bones in hopes that he would enjoy this as much as he enjoys rawhides . However , I left him with this for a half an hour , and when I got back , he had chewed it to bits and eaten some of it . And this was for STRONG chewers . Two days later , he woke up throwing up 6 times . We took him to the emergency vet , and after multiple X-rays , and a barium swallow , he ended up having to undergo surgery to have the piece removed . And this is NOT THE FIRST TIME THIS HAS HAPPENED ! Do more research into this product before buying it . I wish I had .
 I have n't had any luck with my puppies chewing on these . I have heard that some dogs love them and others do n't . I would n't buy them again , just because our puppies do n't use them .
 I purchased this product for my new 1-year old Lab puppy , a real chewer . My veterinarian advised me that they repeatedly see dogs with broken teeth from Nylabone products , because they are too hard for canine tooth enamel .
 I know these Nylabone Galileo Bones are a great product . Unfortunately Amazon sent me an opened and slightly used product when I ordered this . I do not see anything about being used in this description . The bone is scraped up and the packaging was opened and missing the cardboard -LRB- clear plastic packaging , different than in the picture . -RRB-
 This hunk of plastic is about the consistency of a piece of marble . I ca n't imagine any dog chewing on this . I do n't know what product the positive reviewers received . Yes , this chew will last longer than other toys . I can certainly believe it is indestructible ! Like a rock . My mastiff loves chewing pretty much anything but is completely uninterested in this.If you need something this indestructible and you think your dog will chew on something that is as hard as a rock , before you buy this chunk of plastic just try bringing a rock home . That 's free . It might even be softer on the teeth than this thing .
 I usually have only great things to say about most Nylabone chews , however , the shape/style of this one I do not like . It also seems to splinter more quickly than the other products . One bone will typically last my pooch 2-4 weeks , this one I had to throw out after just one week . I will not purchase this product again .
 I bought this for my 5 year old 20 lb Jack Russell Terrier . She is an extremely aggressive chewer and most toys do n't last 5 minutes . I thought this would be the perfect solution.I gave it to her a few hours a day supervised , and she loved it . About a week later I noticed blood all over the floor . Her whole mouth was cut up from the `` rice size '' pieces that clean the teeth . Despite her mouth being massacred , she still chewed on the toy . I had to throw it away so she wouldnt hurt herself . I touched it as well and it was SHARP.What a waste of money . I still cant find any toys for my dog to chew without her ripping them up or hurting herself ... . sigh . .
 Reviews I had read raved this bone for aggressive chewers . My american bulldog is definitely an aggressive chewer . He will not touch this bone because of how hard it is . He loves to chew but has to have a bone with bendablility . Yes he ends up shredding them but this bone he wo n't go near . Very disappointed for what I spent on it .
 My dog loved this bone , but within 1 week he had 3 broken teeth . This items not worth the hundreds it will cost in vet bills .
 I have a large , very aggressive chewer -LRB- chocolate lab -RRB- . I 've had pretty good luck with two other nylabone products , but they were a bit small and I figured it was time to bring out the big gun . With all these bones I believe it 's time to retire them when small chunks start coming off of them ; this bone did not last long before this started happening . By contrast the other nylabones lasted much longer , but based on price and advertised qualities it should have been the other way around.So this was a lot of money for a product that lasted less than a month . The search continues but I 'll be looking at products made by other companies a bit harder now . I regret not buying this locally as I would have marched back into the store with this bone .
 I bought the larger of this one for my 12-week old mixed-breed-retriever . The cloth came apart at the seems within 5 minutes and had to be removed for safety . He did enjoy the rubber texture so I threaded & knotted a rope to it and made it into a chase/chew toy . Would last longer if they used braided cotton instead of sewn canvas . Overall not worth the price .
 The rope is frayed , destroyed , sitting on the floor , no where near the blue part . My small 8 month old dog pulled the rope out pretty easily . With a chopstick and luck I was able to get the rope back in but it never stayed . I gave up . The holes on the side are n't big enough for treats or to easily clean . The dog does n't like chewing on the blue piece by itself . She does like dragging the dirty , frayed rope around and tossing it into the air . Prior to pulling the rope out , she liked to fling the toy around by the rope ; be careful , the blue part hurts when it hits you in the head or shin . I would n't buy this again . A rope toy is 2 bucks , and if your dog does n't like chewing on plastic parts , the blue part will be ignored as soon as it is separted from the rope .
 This item should not be offered for any pet ! It had a metal piece that rattled inside a covered area that could have been bitten by a dog and swallowed . The animal could have choked on this item and died . I threw it in the garbage and did not allow my pet to play with it . It was also ripped on one side with the stitching coming out .
 We were very disapointed at how small this toy is ! We have an 82 pound labrador & he could put the whole toy in his mouth.From the picture in the ad it looked like a large toy .
 Our Morkie liked this toy but the ring became unstitched within an hour . I spent about another hour pulling out the stuffing with tweezers so it was n't all over the house . If they could do something to make the ring stronger this toy would be okay .
 I purchased this for my 10 week old mini australian shepherd and it did n't last a week . Had I known the material was not as strong I would have purchased something more durable . For a puppy that likes to chew , he has chewed through two balls already . The ring on the other hand seems to be well made and has not had any tears yet .
 My 1 year old Goldendoodle destroyed this after a few days . I thought that since it was a KONG it 'd be indestructible , this was NOT the case.After playing a bit of fetch and letting her gnaw on it she quickly had the ends , where the holes are , chewed away with big chunks missing . I was finding red plastic chunks in her poop for a few more days : -LRB- She has destroyed many toys , including the KONG frisbee . If you dog is like this all I can recommend is the original KONG . It has survived 10 months of her chewing .
 We have a 10 month old 65lb lab/mix . She chewed pieces off within five minutes . We had to take it away from her because she was eating it ! We have the black Kong which is holdong up great and thought this would be up to the same standards but was not . Not for an aggressive chewer !
 My dog had this kong in pieces and it only took him 24 hours to do so . would not recommend getting this .
 35 minutes and it was gone . Yes he chewed it up in 35 minutes . What a waste of money this was .
 We have had a regular , large size red Kong for months . It 's still going strong . We put a medium size Milk Bone in it and he loves it.He 's now fully grown at 70 lbs and I figured I 'd upgrade to a bigger size and get some teeth cleaning done at the same time.NOT an upgrade!Short version . I put a large Milk Bone in it . I 'm in the room with him and I look over and see him with his head up proudly looking at me chewing , but the Kong is on the floor . I figure he got the bone out of it already , but there is no crunching . Turns out he 's eating a piece of the Kong and there are other pieces missing that he must have already swallowed . I do n't know how dangerous that could be but it seems pretty bad . What if I had left him alone with it.The story ends ... . Ten minutes from Amazon package to garbage can .
 I have read that KONG is one of the best toys for dogs with a chewing habit . I bought this item becuase I wanted to get a chew toy that I could put treats inside so that it would keep my dog occupied for a bit . He was occupied for 20 minutes ... it too him 10 minutes to get the treat and then he continued to destroy the toy for the next ten .
 My cat was sick and not eating well so I bought this on advice of a coworker after my cat had gotten a force feeding and meds from the Vet . She would n't touch it ! I was surprised because both my cats like to lick the milk out of my cereal bowl when I am done . I asked my Vet what the major difference was between cat milk and people milk , she said they are basically the same but cats milk has taurine added to it , a nutrient that cats need more of . The vet recommended to give the cat regular milk and a taurine supplement if she would eat that . Luckily , after second force feeding she started eating again so I did n't need to go that route . My Vet said that cat milk is way over priced for what you get ,
 My cat really hated this food . It was one of the mushiest , smelliest foods I 've ever bought and I will not be buying this again .
 I would ! Neither of my -LRB- two -RRB- cats recognize this as actual food . They just think I am making them smell something . They do n't understand that they are supposed to try and eat it.Do not purchase this , it is a waste of your money . I needed something to put pills in for my female cat as she is tired of ` Pill Pockets ' and wo n't eat them anymore . I guess I am on the lookout for new products ... any suggestions ??
 When I opened this box I noticed dead moths & larvae mixed in with the biscuits . The contents of the box should have been sealed in some kind of air-tight enclosure to prevent this infestation . Stay away from this product .
 A co-worker raved over this product and after just getting our Buddy from the ASPCA we thought we 'd give it a try . Like many other reviewers have commented , this stuff stinks right out of the bag . It also did not block odor at all . The litter also gets tracked throughout the house . It went everywhere . I had to sweep every time he used the box . Perhaps it works for some cats , but not for ours . I , too was very glad that they offered the free bag rebate . Advice is to not buy too large of a bag . Try a small one first and see if your cat likes it -LRB- mine did n't care much for it , but luckily he still used the box ! -RRB- Giving it two stars because it actually clumped very well . Changed to Ever Clean EverFresh and the odor issue has been solved .
 Luckily we got this free as a promotion because my cats would not use it . The one cried and cried and held it in until we got some tidy cats the next day . It looks like nice litter but I guess it 's either the smell or the feel that they do n't like . I am so glad it was free because I think it was a 9.00 bag and I would have been upset had I paid for it since I had to throw it out almost unused .
 While World 's Best does the job in terms of odor control , and does last a long time , after just 3-4 days , the litter crumbles to such an extent that it is like a powder , which sticks ALL over my two cats ' paws and gets tracked all over the house , into my bed , and leaves a fine dust over the carpets . This happens even though I have a rug just outside the box to catch the worst of it , and sweep the room around it almost daily now . Each time , the dustpan is full of this powdered litter . The crumbling disintegration is part of what makes it flushable , I guess , but it also makes it unusable for me . I 'm going to try the Healthy Pet litter , which comes in solid cellulose balls , so should n't crumble all over the place . It 's also flushable , cost just $ 6 a bag , and has five stars here on Amazon .
 I have used WBCL for about 6 months because it is more environmentally friendly than clay litter . until now I have had no complaints . However , yesterday I noticed what looked to be a layer of dust on top of the litter box , and when I looked closely I realized it was a MOVING LAYER OF MICROSCOPIC MITES . and they are ALL OVER MY BATHROOM . I could n't tell at first because the mites are very pale and very , very tiny , but once I started noticing them I saw they were covering - COVERING - my sink , toilet , shower tile , floor , TOOTHBRUSH , everything . I am so disgusted . There must have been millions of them in the litter . they seem to be grain mites , from what I can gather online , and I 'm not the first person to experience a bug infestation from World 's Best Cat Litter . Oh my god , I am never touching this stuff again . If you decide to buy it , BEWARE and keep an eye out for mites !
 I have been trying different litters over the last few months on a hunt for one that clumps well , does n't end up tracked all over the house , and does n't reek after our one male cat does his business.Imagine corn bread soaked in day old cat wee , and multiply by at least ten , and you have approximately the stink created by this litter after only a week . -LRB- And I do scoop every day ! -RRB- It takes ages for the clumps to harden , and if you scoop before they do you end up with tiny little balls of funk that fall right through the scooper.After only ten days I threw the whole smelly mess out and moved on to the Dr. Elseys brand , which is nice but I think I will go back to the Feline Pine Scoop after this.Overall , totally disappointed and I ca n't believe how much this terrible product costs !
 Mites were all over my bathroom and they were covering the litterbox . Disgusting . They came on overnight ... Beware . Back to clay litter for me .
 One star only , as a warning . I have been using this product for 7-8 months.As long as the weather is dry , this litter is very good -LRB- I have 11 cats , they all use it -RRB- ... BUT , since june , since the weather is humid , it 's a catastrophy
 I tried this product after using Arm & Hammer , Tidy Cats , and at least one other brand . My cat is not picky about his food or litter and has never missed his litter box . I slowly integrated this litter with Arm & Hammer Litter and it was n't until it was nearly completely World 's Best Cat Litter that he decided to take a dump less than two inches away from his designated area.This has never happened before but luckily that was the only incident . Looking over it , I still ca n't find many reasons to continue purchasing this brand . It tracks EVERYWHERE . I have a black table nearby my cat 's litter box and it looks like someone dropped corn flour every time my cat exits his designated area . The odor control is mediocre at best.I do not recommend this litter nor will I be repurchasing this brand .
 Although it clumps well , my cat objected to the smell . I introduced it gradually , but once litter was pure world 's best , kitty pooped on the floor instead of in the litter . Switched back to clay and she was fine again .
 I used World 's Best for about three years and really liked it for that whole time . It 's lightweight , has a pleasant but unobtrusive odor , clumps well , and is n't dusty . My cats liked it fine . In short , I still really like the positive aspects of this litter . -LRB- All this refers to the World 's Best in the green bag - the other type they sell has a nasty and fairly strong smell . -RRB- So why the low rating ? Since this litter is made from corn , it 's edible . As a few other reviewers have remarked , that means pests may be attracted to it as food . In my case , I discovered mice had invaded my apartment apparently just to get at the litter despite my five cats . Over the years I 've also seen roaches around the litter boxes so they may have been eating it too.I like the idea of a green , biodegradable litter , but not if it means mice running across my floor . Ugh !
 I have a black cat and after filling the litter box with this he came out of the litter box beige . I have never had a litter that stuck to the cats this much . I had to clean him he left dusty paw prints all over . Having that much litter on them that they would later ingest ca n't be particularly good for their health .
 So last night I experienced a litter emergency -LRB- emptied out the box only to realize I barely had any left to refill -RRB- and the only store still open was Target . So I wanted to switch from Tidy Cats which I found to be too dusty and has this weird deoderizer smell which progressively becomes less pleasant the longer it stays out . Having a limited variety to choose from , I picked up World 's Best . BIG mistake . Honestly , it 's not as though I was expecting this to be the best , but ironically it 's probably among the worst . I understand all the hype about all natural products , but using corn as litter is probably the dumbest idea . When I opened the bag , I did n't expect that it it would smell exactly like grain . I wondered how something that smelled like that could possibly neutralize urine and feces odors , but since this product is priced higher than the rest and is obviously selling , I decided to ignore my skepticism . It has not even been 24 hours since I purchased this and I am absolutely outraged that this company has the nerve to sell an 8 lb bag for close to $ 10 and claim to be the world 's best litter , when their product is complete trash.Here 's everything that is wrong with this litter : - It smells like grain out of the bag and just smelled like grain mixed with feces and urine after my cat used it . I do n't know how this has any positive reviews , but I noticed that some positive ones express that those who have issues with it probably have cats with very stinky excrement . Well , my cat is a tiny kitten whose poop is NOT overly stinky because she is fed the best quality food I can find . I just dumped all the litter into the trash , because seeing how it smells , I know my cat will stop using the box if it stays in there any longer . Cats are like that.-Many people expressed that this litter breaks down into a fine powder after some time . I already noticed that powder forming along the bottom of the box . This means DUST , which I 'm guessing is the reason she had stopped burying her waste with the Tidy Cats . Plus she was sneezing all the time . That being said , in terms of odor , Tidy Cats is still a far better product and less expensive than this one.-This is perhaps the WORST part
 Holy Cow ! There is nothing `` BEST '' about this litter ! If you LIKE the smell of cat urine , than this is the litter for you . I have only 1 cat , ONE little cat ... and good Golly , this is the worst litter I have every used ! This `` World 's Best '' is truly the world 's WORST ! After one urination , it smells horribly of cat urine in our laundry room . YUCK YUCK YUCK !!! Back to Fresh Step we go . I NEVER smell my cat 's urine with Fresh Step ... I use the carbon version along with Fresh Step Crystals , 3:1 ratio and its perfect . I do n't have to scoop it out for days , just change out the litter every 3-4 days and NEVER have I had the urine smell or any other smell , just a fresh clean smell .
 I must admit it clumped really really well . It had great odor control for about 5 - 10 days and then it smelt soooooo bad . Tracking was pretty gross . The litter ended up all over my room and the dust from the litter left prints on my bed rugs basically everything . This litter is much better than others but you will have to clean up around the litter box a lot ! My cat would get this litter stuck in his paws ! I must admit it is pretty expensive but if you have a small cat and you buy an enclosed litter box and a really amazing rug/mat you should get it .
 I 'm confused at all the great reviews of this product . I 've used both the single and multiple cat varieties of World 's Best Cat Litter and neither one does a good job of clumping pee -LRB- sorry this post is sort of gross , but such is the nature of cat litter -RRB- . The pee just breaks up and the litter becomes saturated with it until it 's so smelly and gives off so much ammonia that you have to change it before the litter has actually run out . The only reason I gave it two stars is because it 's biodegradable.For those of you who want an eco-friendly -LRB- biodegradable -RRB- cat litter that works well , try Swheat Scoop -LRB- sp ? -RRB- . It clumps well and helps control smell ... I actually prefer it to any other cat litter , eco-friendly or not .
 How does a company get away with claiming to be the BEST of anything ? This is truly NOT the best cat litter . I bought it after given a rebate for a free bag and I 'm so glad it was free because I would have returned it anyway . The concept is good ; no dust , all natural , safe for septic tanks , no odor . But most of the claims are false and when I read the reviews I was shocked at how many people rated this litter highly . For the most part the odor control is non-existent . The clumping is good but it does resemble corn meal mush and breaks up in tiny pieces when scooped , which takes forever to remove . There is low dust and of course no tracks through the house , but that does n't make up for the other problems . All in all if you claim to be the `` BEST CAT LITTER IN THE WORLD '' , you should at least come close which this product does not do .
 I would not advise anyone to try the World 's Best Cat Litter . I was pleased about what I read - and was eager to try . I bought 2 of the small bags , saving them for an upcoming motor home trip . Oddly , none of our 3 cats would use the litter box - yet 2 of them crouched outside it , sort of in an ` observation ' mode . Decided to look , and took the lid off . BIG mistake - little moths flew out everywhere . I clamped the lid on again quickly and we got the box outside - then made a mad dash for the nearest store to resupply our original brand of litter . So I have no real feel for how the product works - and do n't intend to try it again . I also wrote the company twice and received no answer either time . Our advice is Do n't Try It .
 OMG , Worlds Best Cat Litter is a lie ! It 's the world 's worst ! It 's expensive and has ZERO odor control . Yuck ! So , so , sorry I wasted my money on this crap . Please do n't buy it !
 I wanted to get away from using clay , so I bought 2 bags of this stuff . I put a layer of clay on top of the corn litter . It smells like corn , and my cat thought it was food . He tried to eat it , once he got the litter stirred up a little . He used it a few times during the day , then later that evening I noticed he had not used it , he was holding it in . It also seemed to stick to his feet . We made a quick late night trip to the store and bought clay litter . We entirely replaced the litter with clay and he used his box immediately , biggest clump of clay I 'd ever seen . I ca n't recommend this product to anyone , and I 'm skeptical about using anything other than clay after this experience .
 This litter does some things well , but definitely does n't live up to its name.The litter does absorbs very well , clumps well , and stops build-up on the bottom of the litter box . Scooping this litter is much easier than standard litter because it is light and fluffy . It masks the smell sufficiently for a while , but I found that you have to clean the box much more often than regular litter to keep it fresh -LRB- since there are no added fragrances or deodorizers -RRB- . My cat had issues sufficiently burying her feces , and they would often be protruding out of the top , which also increased the malodorous smell . She was also very adamant that this litter was cleaned very frequently . We did n't clean it for 2-3 days and she chose to defaecate outside of her litter box instead . Never had this issue with our previous litter . Another disadvantage is if you clean your litter box and store the waste in an air-tight trash container , the corn in the litter begins to rot and the smell is almost unbearable , so you must take it out to the dumpster every time.Needless to say , we are going to back to FreshStep , so I 'm glad this bag was free .
 My cat will not touch this litter . If we did n't have two boxes , he would pee all over the house rather than use it . It 's made of corn and it attracts bugs , as well . I had to dump all of this litter out of his box and replace it with our usual litter . Definitely will not buy again or reccomend .
 Some people keep their best dishes in a cupboard and their best guest towels on a little shelf , never to be touched . Maybe World 's Best is the kitty litter equivalent , because I 've had 15 pounds of it sitting in the closet for a month now.I 've bought this brand of litter before and liked it , but it must have been a different formula . I could tell right away that this was different , it was a much rougher texture than the last bag . I mixed it in with some of the old litter and hoped my cat would n't notice.Well , she noticed all right . She takes a keen interest in litter changes and likes to oversee the job to make sure it 's done right . She is usually quick to `` christen '' a fresh pouring . This time she sniffed , walked all over it , and pranced off to chase a long-lost bottlecap . `` Give her time , '' I thought.Later , I was hit by a Stench . It filled the hallway , it filled the bedroom . I groped my way to the bathroom clutching my sleeve over my nose . Sure enough , a trail of powdery litter ended at the box , a perfect brown coil atop a bed of World 's Best . I scooped it into the toilet , flushed , and made my getaway . When I came back later to clean up the tracked litter , I was surprised at how powdery it was when the litter itself looked so course.This was n't the last time I battled the Stench , because kitty would n't use this litter to cover up and it did n't stick to the droppings . I noticed , however , that there were no clumps . This was cause for alarm , but I hoped for the best . My cat had never had `` accidents '' before , and she 's in perfect health . Had they finally invented a litter that not only clumps cat pee but evaporates it into thin air?Yes , I 'm a dreamer , but I was in for a rude awakening when I looked in the shower one morning and saw a suspicious yellow puddle . Immediately , I guessed what had happened and confronted the likeliest suspect!Turns out I was wrong , and he was surprisingly indignant at the accusation . I had to face the truth , and the prospect of wiping up similar puddles found at the edge of rugs , on plastic bags and even in the sink . Ultimately , I 'm glad it was the cat , but the litter had to go . I 've since replaced it and my cat is back to her regular dainty habits .
 My cat torn through the bag when I brought it into the house . I thought , `` Oh Boy ! This is going to be great . '' The minute I poured it into the litter box , he hopped in and started EATING it . While it is non-toxic , it is CLUMPING ! I removed him a couple times but he went right back to it even though it was clearly sticking in his mouth ! I had to empty it right away and rush off to the store for a bag of my previous brand of litter . Crazy .
 I would rate this 0 if that choice was available . I tried this product this summer when they offered full-cost -LRB- sans tax -RRB- rebate . My 9 year old cat , who 's NEVER had a problem urinating in his litter box suddenly stopped using it -LRB- and used my kitchen cabinet instead ! -RRB- . Luckily , I caught him the 2nd day . I was so ? $ # * I called World 's Worst Cat Litter 800 number to complain . The CS rep told me I should have started using their product by slowly adding small amounts to my old litter.Gee , I must have missed reading that on the bag.Instead of donating the litter to the local shelter I threw it out . Free is n't worth the smell of cat urine!BTW
 Where to begin ? I had high hopes for this litter as it was recommended by a few fellow cat owners . What a disappointment ! My cats hated this stuff so much that one of them started peeing on our living room couch and walls ! I have NEVER had this problem with him before . I spent more money cleaning up and removing the smell than I did on the litter . Also , my orange tabby 's white paws turned a disgusting yellow color like he had been smoking for 20 years . Horrible at odor control and super dusty . Switched back to my old favorite litter and everything is back to normal . Stay away from this stuff !
 When we got our 2nd cat I noticed our regular litter was n't doing the trick so I decided to try something new . My sister in law who has 2 rather large cats and a small-ish apartment recommented TWBCL so I picked up a bag . This litter did not kick up dust when I poured it into the pan , but that 's the only good thing I can say about this litter . My cats tried to eat the litter initially , but then took to using it . There is NO ODOR CONTROL whatsoever . My cats are great about `` covering their tracks '' in the box and I feed them a high quality cat food . It was as if I did not have any litter in their box at all . It also does not clump like the bag claims to do . I scoop daily . The clumps were not solid and crumbled regularly . Also the litter would barely cling to the solids . It also did not keep cat waste from gathering in the corners or the bottom of the box . My black kitten would come out of the box with her paws covered with a fine film of yellow , and our floor was getting covered in what looked like sawdust . I finally got fed up and threw everything out ... the litter and the box ... and am starting over again with a new brand of litter and pan .
 It clumps and that is about all it does in which I do like but I do n't like the fact that I can be in my kitchen and once he is done using the litter box I can smell the litter when he scoops it over his crap . The litter does not hold up to odor control at all and it 's dusty in between cleaning and I have asthma so this does n't work good for me . I will not purchase this again .
 This does not clump very well , which means that odor builds up after a week or two , because you are not actually removing all of the waste . I can not recommend this , especially at a premium price . Scoop Away seems to be the best all-around , and I 've tried just about all brands .
 I like that this litter is environment-friendly , but it smells like ammonia after a short while , which is really unpleasant . It clumps alright , and there 's not much dust , but the ammonia problem looms large . Also , I caught my cat nibbling on the litter -LRB- made from corn , of course -RRB- when poured into the box fresh - not what I want to see!For the same price I can get a bigger bag of Fresh Step , and I plan to switch back .
 I decided to try WBCL due to it being environmental friendly but I quickly realized how bad this product is in controlling odor . I bought a small bag to try yesterday morning and later that afternoon we started smelling poop in our first floor . Take note
 My dogs do n't even care if it goes off , they stare at it for a minute then lay down on the couch . I have two pugs by the way . It is not that loud , it only peeps for a second maybe , then unless they move again it stays silent . Save your money and do n't by this if you want to keep your pets off the furnature !
 Product was completely ineffective . Dogs were intrigued by the sound . Seemed to consider the sofa I put it on a `` giant squeak toy '' . If you 're trying to train your dogs to remain interested in getting on your sofas , this is the product for you.The extremely limited return policy included with the product -LRB- that 's not described prior to purchase -RRB- suggests the manufacturer knows that this thing is largely useless . Essentially , if you 've opened the box , installed the battery , and listened to the weak alarm sound once it 's not returnable .
 I was very hopeful that this product would keep my two cats off our dining room table . Nothing has worked in the past -- neither sprays of water , nor aluminum foil , nor scolding them , nor citrus smells -- nothing.Here 's what happened when I set up the Tattle Tale alarm . Cat 1 jumps on the table . The alarm -LRB- which lasts only 2 seconds and is relatively quiet -- my microwave beep is louder than this -RRB- sounded . Cat 1 is on guard at first , then curious . He walks over to it . The `` alarm '' remains silent , even though it 's supposed to be sensitive to any and all movement . Cat 1 swipes at alarm . It sounds and stops . He swats again , and it sounds and stops again . Then , he walks around the table for a while while the alarm sits silently . Finally , he curls up for a nap on one of our placemats about 4 inches away from it . Cat number 2 , intrigued by the sound , hops up on the table . The alarm sounds . She goes over to it . Although she 's sniffing it , prancing around the table , and stretching , it does n't sound again . So she curls up for a nap as well . And there I am , watching the `` Tattle Tale '' oversee the afternoon siesta of the two felines it was supposed to scare off.My guess is that it 's not sensitive to most of the vibrations caused by cats ' paws and that the 2-second , relatively soft sound of the alarm is not frightening enough to scare cats away . Even cats more skittish than mine , I imagine , could easily tolerate the benign beep eminating from this device.Don ' t waste your money . I burned $ 6 on shipping and now have to pay a 25 % restocking fee . And the cats are still on the table .
 Well , this does emit a loud piercing sound , but only for a few seconds ... long enough to make the dogs and cats look around , but as soon as they get a bit bothered , the sound quits . I think that this product might work IF it beeped longer . It was a total waste of money for me . Now I 'm just passing it around the office as a prank ... it 's a hoot to use at work as a joke on unsuspecting coworkers .
 Do n't waste your money , especially if you buy it online/Amazon because you ca n't return it ! I put the device on my couch and my 21 lb cat jumped on the couch , walked around it and sniffed it . The Tattle Tale never went off . Cats land too lightly and , seemingly , make no vibrations . I tossed a coaster on the couch and the device went off , but did n't really scare my cats anyway . The sound is n't very loud or startling . I recommend Ssscat . I bought two of them from PetSmart and they are the only cat deterrents that actually work .
 I bought 2 of these , one for each window sill my dog jumped up on to destroy the blinds . While I have not observed my dog attempting this again since getting these alarms , so I ca n't say if they worked on her or not , I can say that I tested them after seeing reviews that they do not always work on countertops . My window sills are about 8 inches wide by 70 inches long so they are BIG . The alarms have a high and a low sensitivity feature which I did n't know until getting them . I put them on high and placed them in the middle of the sill . I very gently placed my fingers on the farthest part of the sill -LRB- less than the force with which I type -RRB- and the alarm went off . About 20 ft away is the kitchen with tiled floor and when my dog dropped her bone on it , the alarm by the window went off , so I can definitely see how these might go off with a barking dog close to them or by jostling nearby items , but aside from the dropping bone , I have not experienced this . The alarms do go off when you are turning them on/off , since you have to touch them to flip the switch . This is annoying as I am blasted by the sound , and my dog looks at it inquisitively and walks over to it - not the reaction I was hoping for . Of course , as soon I decide to put them away in the drawer , my dog will decide it 's time to `` play '' with the windows again.Update - I have decided I am no longer a fan of these . I spent about 30 min standing and walking on my own window sill to hang a miniblind . Afterward I realized the Tattle Tale was on the whole time on the high senstitivity setting and did n't make a sound . And they go off whenever my dog barks which does n't teach her that the loud sound is for being bad by jumping on the windows , not barking
 Not nearly loud enough to scare dogs away . Cats probably . The sensor itself works fantastic , but the buzzer is just loud enough to make my dogs more interested in it . Sounds as loud as a microwave beeping . I need something that 's as loud as a firecracker going off .
 I have a cat that loves to urinate on my favorite lazy-boy chair . I read some bad reviews of this product before buying , I just was n't smart enough to pay attention to them . I felt sure this would do the trick . It just sounded like such a wonderful idea , and believed it would work . But unfortunately , it just does n't . After putting this on the chair , I admit I did n't sit and watch for hours or anything , but I used it faithfully for about a week . I saw my cat jump up a few times , and the alarm did n't even go off . Perhaps it did , when I was n't around , but it must not have scared her . It 's not very loud , or scary sounding . She continued to pee on the chair , right beside the Tattle Tale device . I continue to wonder if this product might have potential , if they improve on the idea by making it much louder , and much more sensitive to movement . But as it is , this is a total , and complete waste of money . Do n't order it . I ended up buying a Scat-Mat , which cost a bundle , but was well worth every penny . But if you buy a Scat-Mat , just try to remember not to sit on it yourself ! It hurts !
 Not worth the money , I am returning it . Very hard to get the battery in , and once it 's in , I am not sure I can get it out . Also , it barely phased my Jack Russell/Chihuahua mix , she even tried to bite it . My other dog is more obedient , a Shephard mix , and she did n't like the sound.I am going to just invest in a scat mat .
 Bought this product to keep the cats off of my convertible . It sounds when they jump on the car ... then they walk over , sniff it , and lay down beside it . Not exactly what I had in mind .
 would n't bother with this product unless you plan on having the `` offender '' jump right on top of it and knock it over . But if thats what you are going for , then it will definitely be loud enough to let you know
 Our cat blatantly ignored the Tattle Tale . It made no difference . So I guess it really depends on whether or not your cat is skittish in relation to loud sounds . Ours is definitely not .
 My 2 cats destroyed 1 replacement in 3 days & they only scratch this pad occasionally !
 Product from this company claimed to be New , When Arrived the package was opened and product parts looks used . Would never buy from this company again
 I bought this toy for my large full-grown dogs , not realizing it was a toy for puppies . They destroyed it in less than five minutes . The description was n't really clear on the dog stage this toy was meant for .
 our 8 month old beagle demolished this toy inside an hour on receiving it . 5.99 down the drain
 My 7 month old Maltese destroyed this toy within one hour , destroyed to the point that I immediately had to throw it away . I should have just thrown away the 7 bucks !
 The first time I gave my cat the treats -LRB- just shy of 1 year old , seemed to have an iron stomach -RRB- he was fine . The 2nd time , he vomited one time shortly afterwards . At this point , I did n't put together that it was the treats , we have two little kids and I berated them for feeding the cat something he should n't be eating . Third time , I knew the kids had n't given him anything and he vomited almost immediately and continued to vomit until all he had left was bile . I see the pattern now . NOTHING else has made him sick.If you check the reviews for this product , but the hairball control variety , you will see NUMEROUS reports of cats getting sick . In to the trash they go.Cat will be 1 year old on Feb. 29th -LRB- yes , leap year , so we will count Feb. 28th instead -RRB- Snowshoe/Manx mix , being fed Blue Wilderness Evolutionary Diet Indoor dry and canned . We have no other instances of him getting sick . ONLY in direct connection with these treats .
 Our dogs love these and the local stores were out . The box we received was nicely wrapped and undamaged , but every one of the Treats inside was broken , many were crushed , the box full of cookie dust . They must have been seconds , or placed under something much heavier . Very disappointing . I did not give them to our dogs .
 Item description claims 3.2 oz bottle , photo confirms the description , and shows dropper included with the item . Actual item I received was the 2oz bottle with the dropper cap . I 'm really not sure whether this was just a one-time packaging error , or if all items are mislabeled . Not very familiar with amazon 's return policy , figured it is not worth the effort for the 1.2 ounces I was denied .
 I would n't waste my money on these again for two reasons :1 -RRB- They 're teeny-tiny . They are no longer than my pinky finger and the two of them together are n't as thick . I was actually concerned that my cats might choke on these . If you have a dog , it could be gone in one gulp so be careful .2 -RRB- They do n't really freeze . They 're too small to contain any sort of freezing agent . As for actual usage , you 'd get the same effect from sticking any of your cat 's existing toys in the freezer .
 I bought these for my teething kitten . They were far smaller then they appearred . He batted them around for five minutes and then wanted nothing to do with them . I do n't know what catagorizes them as chew toys but they are far from it .
 What a waste of money ! # 1 - They are extremely small . # 2 - They do n't freeze or even get cold . # 3 - They are not `` crunchy '' . # 4 - Cats do not love them . Buy a bag of cheap puff balls instead .
 I have an adult cat and a kitten and neither one of them cared to even look at the toy for more than 5 seconds . There is no catnip like one of the reviews states . They 're tiny and there 's is nothing inside that can freeze or get crunchy . . it gets cool , not cold , and that coolness lasts about a minute . A very expensive waste of money .
 The marketing department for this toy must 've been working overtime the night they came up with the description on the package . I bought these for my cat because she loves cold things . I put them in the freezer overnight and ... well ... nothing . They neither froze nor did they become crunchy . After five minutes out of the freezer they were back at room temperature . I grabbed a pair of scissors and cut them open . What did I find ? These are nothing but fabric tubes with some poly stuffing a few granules of catnip in them . There 's nothing there to freeze and nothing there to get crunchy . I 'll never buy a pet stages product again . Like most people , I do n't much care for being lied to .
 The bag used to collect tank gunk does n't hold the finest materials , resulting in extremely cloudy water . I had to clean it by siphon after attempting to clean with the Battery Vac . Also , it 's difficult to start . You have to slightly unscrew the battery chamber for the metal contacts to start the motor . Siphoning is far better and safer for the fish .
 Not a very good product . Very low-powered item and does not effectively ` vacuum ' anything from the tank .
 About a year ago , I bought these in a bulk shipment from Amazon because the price was right and the treat is one of my 7 dogs ' favorites . I believe I got a case of 12 packets for a better price than any store around me and I got it with Prime back then . I 've just remembered these and came back for more . After seeing this , I certainly will not be purchasing them from here . $ 1.72 per pouch PLUS $ 5.11 shipping per pouch . Are you serious ? No one with 1/2 a brain would buy this at this price .
 I bought a case of 12 cans of fish , chicken & liver for my kitty , since she did well with the previous case . When the new case came , I realized that the recipe was changed . I thought I would still try it with my kitty . Then the disaster started . She threw up every single time she ate this food . I tried to get in touch with Petguard customer service , since they promise `` satisfaction guaranteed '' -LRB- written clearly on the can -RRB- . It took them several days to get back . We emailed back and forth several times . I clarified what the problem was and we discussed the possibility of trying some other flavors since they did n't have the old recipe any more . Then , they STOPPED RESPONDING COMPLETELY . It 's been three weeks since they responded to my email last time . I called multiple times . They kept promising that they would respond to my email - but NOTHING HAS HAPPENED.BAD RECIPE , RUDE , IRRESPONSIBLE SERVICE . NOT RECOMMENDED .
 Fragile product !!! It is not a product made to last!There are many other options in the market that makes a good job !
 These worked great for a couple of months , and then they broke . Next time I might spend more to get a better product .
 I had high hopes for this product based on the raving reviews . However , I came from using pine for my two cats and not only did it last longer but it masked the smell WAY better than the cedar ! I have had a horrific times cleaning up after it , refilling it constantly and I ended up buying a baking soda odor fragrance for litter boxes which I have n't bought since I used synthetic based litter ! I desperately wanted to like this product but no wonder it 's such a huge bag for a reduced price ... you have to use SO much constantly !
 I like the idea of this litter , but my cats do n't seem to want to use it . Also , it weighs very little and so the box has tipped at least once when the cats got out of the box . At least one kitty has peed in it , though , and it STINKS ! This wo n't be a re-purchase .
 I purchased this for my new kitty after reading such fantastic reviews . Unfortunately , I could n't bear the awful smell only after a day of using this litter . My cat is medium-haired & the litter was on his paws , coat , and everywhere in the house . Now I have no idea what I 'm going to do with a big bag of cedar chips ...
 the first time I purchased this product I was impressed . My cat is allergic to pine and and several other products . She was fine with the Cedar and it really masked the smells . I was happy to walk into my one bedroom apt and smell cedar vs. cat urine.Unfortunately , this last bag was a different product all together . It was just plain old saw dust . It is different in color and there is no cedar smell . So now I come home to the smell of saw dust and urine.I have used a green tea cat litter in the past which was great but very pricey . I may bite the bullet and go back to that.Bummer . Consistency is tops in my book - with any product .
 This product was very messy !! Evertime the cats came out of the liter box , they had these cedar chips all over their fur , which they tracked all over the house . They need to make the chips much larger !! The chips were like sawdust .
 I decided to give this litter a try based on the positive reviews on Amazon . One of my cats developed an ALLERGIC reaction to this & it cost me several very expensive trips to the vet 's office.Not all cats are allergic to this litter initally , but they may develop allergies over time . In any case it 's not worth the risk.My vet recommended that I switch my cat off this litter immediately !
 Allpine Pine is a much better choice . Cedarific has a strong ammonia odor after just one day after changing my cat box . Allpine pine lasts much longer . Will never buy this produce again .
 Excellent product ; except for shipping charges which double the price of the product and has prompted me to seek a locally-available option .
 I followed the instructions , leaving the powder in place for twenty-four hours before vacuuming , but saw no reduction in the number of fleas . If you buy this anyway , make sure you use a mask and goggles for the sweeping-into-the-carpet step , as it billows into the air and makes breathing difficult , even through a shirt . Try another brand -LRB- I 'm going to ! -RRB-
 The good news is this feeder regularly dispenses flake food -LRB- I have n't tried other foods -RRB- . The bad news is it 's a LOT of food since the adjustment level is really irregular and it actually feeds around 4.5 times per day . The amount of food this thing dispenses is ridiculous , especially if you only have a few fish . This thing will KILL your fish from overfeeding unless you have a decently big tank -LRB- I have a 6-gallon tank -RRB- . I have n't tried the alternatives , but I highly suggest you pass on this one unless you have a 20 + gallon aquarium and 10 + fish.Update
 I bought this product to use for vacation as well , but beware , if you are going to use it with flaked food . First , you must grind the flakes smaller to even get through the feeder . Also , when water started evaporating a little bit , all the food got wet and stuck in the feeder . I would not recommend this product !
 I bought this feeder and it has n't worked right from day one . It ticks like a clock , but it does n't move an inch . I even marked it with a piece of tape so I could see if it is moving . I doubled checked the battery as well . This was extremely disappointing . I would n't trust this product to feed my fish even if it suddenly decided to work -LRB- which I do n't think is going to happen -RRB- .
 This is a very flimsy feeder . It never worked . It rotated a quarter of the way and would not rotate again . Of course I waited too long to return it . I opened it up hoping to fix it . But I noticed the gears are all plastic and very thin and loose . The gears can get out of alignment very easily , which is why it would work a little bit , then stop working . Worst $ 20 I ever spent .
 I ca n't even tell you if this Daily Double II Feeder works . Why ? The AA battery compartment is too small for AA batteries ! Maybe , despite the marking inside to use AA batteries , it requires AAA batteries . I tried that , also . AAA batteries are too small . How any other reviewers got the thing running is beyond me . I tried different brands of batteries and none will fit . I 'm very disappointed .
 I bought this useless contraption for about $ 12 . The first problem is that , unless you have a huge tank ... or tons of hungry fish ... this thing dispenses way too much food . I spent an hour fiddling with tape and styrofoam to close the hole slightly , and thought I had it set . So I tried it out on the tank . Because it dispsenses a totally different amount of food each time it spins around , I was lucky enough -LRB- note the sarcasm -RRB- to have it , on my first trial above my tank , dump out about a week 's supply of food into the water . Yay ! The next hour was spent using siphons and gravel vacuums to try to suck up as much food as possible . I 'm going to try to return it tomorrow to the store I got it from . Useless !
 This feeder is a waste of money . I ended up having to pay someone to stop in a feed my fish . It would feed them once , then stop working . Save your money
 I thought this would be the solution to leaving my fish alone for a week . I tested the feeder for a week prior to leaving for vacation . Seeing that it worked properly I placed the feeder over the opening in my tank and left for vacation . The moisture that evaporates from the tank got into the feeder and made the flake food wet and unable to fall out the tube . Unfortunately all my fish died and I now know the reason no one has ever recommended this product to me before .
 I bought this product because it is battery powered and inexpensive . Unfortunately , it required some tweaks before it became useful.For the first month I used it exactly as intended with the uniformly small , round fish flakes . It has a basic quartz clock mechanism surrounded by plastic . This is the same clock mechanism that is used in do it yourself clock kits ... quartz and made in Japan with a single AA battery . So it goes around once every 12 hours.It suffers from one major problem ... water moisture . When it is pointing down for roughly 4 out of the 12 hours , its orange tube consumes the water vapor that evaporates from the fish tank . The water is then channeled into the fish food where it builds up . After the first two weeks , the food was extra moist . By the third week the food was molding quickly . I repositioned it over the driest spot I could find and the mold began to proliferate after 4 weeks . Because the plastic unit is not sealed around the embedded square clock module , moisture had also seeped deep inside the mechanism , discovered when I went to check the battery.I made two simple modifications that made this work like a charm : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Open the black plastic housing that surrounds the clock module and seal the module with a bead of caulk . This will seal out the water from the module . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Drill about 161/8 th inch holes in the clear plastic cover , being careful not to drill through the orange tube . This will provide the necessary aeration to keep the food dry.I 've had it running now for over 6 months and the food is dry and the fish are happy . The manufacturer could have made these modifications for about 5 cents . Maybe they 'll read this and improve their product.One last note , be careful about removing the plastic lid to refill the food . The lid is held on by small plastic tabs that can easily break . Mine are still intact , but I 'm extra careful .
 I bought this for $ 11 and have been testing it for a week . The battery compartment is hopeless - almost had to force the batteries in -LRB- and I did check to make sure I used the correct batteries -RRB- . There is a tube inside the rotating drum which is probably driven by a typical clock mechanism . The tube has a cut-out that catches the fish food when it is at the 6 o'clock position and as it rotates to the 12 o'clock position , the food falls out of the other end of the tube into the water . This cut-out is far too small for typical flake food or 1/4 '' pellets . I had to chop the flakes into small bits so that the cut-out will collect the right amount of food.Having done that I filled the drum with about a quarter full of food and put it the battery . Well , I hear ticking and put a tiny stick at the top of the drum to see if it actually rotates . Next morning , the stick is still there . Dead battery ?? I try again with a brand new battery and hear ticking before I go away - my marker is still there next morning.I suppose the clock might be working but the mechanism that drives the drum is kaput .
 I bought my feeder a week before my week-long trip home to visit my family -LRB- I am a college student living in an apartment -RRB- . I followed the instructions and planned on testing it for a week to make sure it would work before my trip . It worked one time -LRB- as in one feeding -RRB- , and then stopped turning and clicking completely . Having limited access to transportation , and any additional funds for that matter , I was unable to buy another feeder and had to beg a friend to come over and feed my fish for 7 days straight.Not only that , but I looked for a phone number on the packaging/instructions to call and take advantage of the warranty only -LRB- surprise , surprise -RRB- to find one not listed anywhere on the packaging/instructions . After finding the Penn Plex website , I called the customer service line . Evidently no one works there , as after 45 minutes I still was not able to speak to anyone . Apparently they just expect you to pay for shipping and send it back to them without any contact whatsoever.Not only do I suggest never buying this product , but I suggest never buying any Penn Plex product as they apparently neither invest time in the quality of their product or their customer service . I bought a slightly more expensive feeder later that I have had no problems with and has more features , do n't waste your time with this thing .
 I have five goldfish and was hoping to use this feeder during the holidays when I go home . It 's so-so with flake food and with the little floating pellet food it 's works alright if you adjust it to the lowest feeding position . With both types the food falls out little by little to the side before it reaches the vertical position so it does n't really provide en even feeding . It 's even more pronounced with the pellet food because it just rolls out . I also tried to time mine and it 's not evenly spaced time wise either . I ended up making my own adjustments inside until it fed them correctly which involved breaking off the stops on the inner tube and taping the opening a bit.Overall I 'd just recommend going with one that is n't a rotating drum . Not a particularly great design . Just get one that is actually on a timer and drops the food down at designated times .
 i had this for about 2 months used it for maybe 4 times . it worked great has really good suction power better than what i have now from Profile . for no reason it stopped working . the drawback is the switch is on the side . it got rusty . its not water resistant at all . i dont think i will buy it again . cheap material plus it lasted me only 2 months .
 Not as good as I thought it was gooing to be the sock thing get discusting and you have to wash it everytime you use it very well or its pointless and its fabric so its not easy . all the little particles are still incased in it and becomes slimy if the had a diffrent type of catcher for the yucky stuff it would be great .
 Sadly disappointed this lacks suction to clean effectively . Concept is good , I 'm sure there is a better option . It 's just not this one .
 I hoped it would work in my small aquariums , but it did not . I guess the water levels were n't high enough ? I have no idea why it was not able to vacuum anything out , but it would 've really been useful and a convenient tool had it worked since I got it so that I would n't have to do a full water change so often or use a siphon on such small tanks . It did work okay in my full size tanks .
 This product was cheap and garbage . The first time my dog played with it the squeaker came out and I am glad that I was nearby otherwise she may have eaten it . I would not purchase again .
 DO NOT BUY ! REVIEW ONLINE ! Looks like another treat made in China with multiple reports of suspected poisoning !!! Please only buy treats made in the USA !
 The size of the product is wrong . Pay attention to the radius as well as the length of the product .
 How can any dog toy be called SAFE when made of Latex , Rubber , Plastic or any other non-edible - non-digestable materials ? Many pets die each year or have expensive and painful surgeries because these `` SAFE '' toys get lodged in their stomachs and intestines . SAFE would be toys made from digestabke non-toxic materials . My dog just had surgery because he had these things in his intestines .
 When i asked my dog if he liked this ... he said `` GRRUFF RUFF GrruUURRFFF '' then used his nose to push it off the balcony and whined . So i 'm not sure if he liked it or not ... When i chewed on it . . it felt really nice on my teeth , good possibility I will order a smaller one for me .
 Flexible Dental Chew - Wolf -LRB- 5.5 '' -RRB- The Flexible Dental Chew `` Wolf '' bone is very disappointing . I have a small 10-month old pomeranian/poodle mix -LRB- 12 lbs . -RRB- puppy and he chewed that `` Wolf '' bone rapidly and swallowed many small blue pieces . I threw it out and would like other pet owners to realize this is a fairly dangerous chewable toy . However , on the other hand , the dental dinosaursDental Dinosaur Durableare amazingly terrific . He is working away on the dinosaur and I do not have any worries at all about his swallowing pieces constantly as he did with the `` Flexible Dental Chew Wolf '' bone .
 I have a 6 month old labrador who was able to break large chunks off of this bone in mere minutes . I had to take it away from him because I was afraid he would swallow a chunk .
 My dog really likes this bone , but I do n't because she tears off chunks and then swallows many of them . She then throws up on the carpet . I tried this chew because she does n't like the Durable ones , but I worry about those chunks becoming lodged inside her , not to mention the throw up mess . I guess this product works for some dogs but not for others .
 My 14 lb . bichon threw up a pile of blue chunks this evening after getting this bone for Christmas . I did n't expect this from a Nylabone and am very concerned .
 I 've been using this media inside a HOB filter for 5 weeks and unfortunately it has fallen apart . It will not even stay in the filter case . Not economical like I had hoped . When I first cut it , it was thick but when it accumulates waste it shrinks . Then I lost the beneficial bacteria and had an ammonia spike . I ca n't say that this media caused the problem , but I replaced it with another brand . -LRB- The Fluval media in the HOB filter on my other tank has lasted 4 months and still going strong . -RRB-
 This type is difficult to install and the flange often does not work and then you have a heater but no way to install .
 I have used this type of product for many years , never this brand . This one has doubled my electric bill and keeps the water at > 40F . It is not low profiled as advertised , and stays on much of the time , even when the temperature is > 45F I contacted the company and they were very uncooperative . I would highly discourage anyone from purchasing this product .
 yep , it kept our tub free of ice all winter , however , we discovered when we went to remove it , that it had over-heated to the point that it MELTED the joint with the extension cord and was permanently affixed to it . I would consider this a safety hazard , and wo n't be using this brand again.It was one of the more expensive water heaters to run . We will be going with the official Rubbermaid one this year since we have to replace this one . Quite a waste .
 I bought this as a replacement for the Farm Innovators Rubber Flat Back 5 gallon bucket . This element does not fit in the bucket , it is too long . I have bought replacement elements in the past that fit just fine ... but this one is made differently . The black part on the element is usually made so it slides through the bucket and just the element is left in the bucket . With this unit , the black part does not fit through the hole in the bucket , increasing the length of the element by nearly 2 inches which does not fit in the bottom of this bucket . It might be fine for a 50 or 100 gal stock tank , but it was advertised and sold as a ` universal ' replacement for the 5 gal bucket . Very disappointed .
 I purchased two of these and with both of them the leash snap broke . One on the first time I used and the other before I even had a chance to use it . Very cute , but very cheap snaps . Will not buy another
 thought i was getting the same filter sleeve that came with new filter . it 's not . this is a thin single layer as opposed to the thick fluffy , multi layer unit that came with the filter . it does n't seem to do as good a job filtering large matter .
 Ignore the size chart and go with extra large if you have anything bigger than a beagle . We ordered a second costume since the Large did not fit . It took a week for them to get back to us and tell us that it was damaged in the post . They were quick about giving us a refund though .
 I bought this wet tail medicine for my hamster and when I finally got it in the mail , the instructions were to have 3 tbs per 3 oz of water and then to replace that everyday for 5 days with 3 tbs to 4 oz of water . Its only day one and half the bottle is gone . Are you kidding me ?! There is for sure not going to be enough in this one little bottle . So ridiculous . Do n't buy this , its a total rip off .
 What a disappointment ! This bone markets itself as a `` really rugged '' toy . Literally within 30 seconds my English Bulldog not only had chewed it to pieces but she also had ingested some of it . This is a dangerous toy ! Ingesting plastic of any kind is not good for dogs . And speaking of plastic I do n't know exactly what this toy is made of but when I threw away the remainder I noticed it was gooey and sticky . I 'm just grateful my Bulldog is ok .
 Wow-my first bad experience with Amazon products ! The box was too small and the product made two sides of the box bulge . The plastic outer wrap of the product was cracked , and I was concerned initially that the product was out of date . When I removed what was left of the outer plastic wrap the whole thin began to crumble . -LRB- ah -- maybe it WAS important that it was out of date ! -RRB- There were not enough big pieces to have it even fit into the holder . My horse got what was left in his food box with his grain-no fun play toy ... and he is on stall rest for six more months so I was counting on a little bit more of a diversion ! Bummer !
 I already own this EXACT pet crate and love it ! When I purchased another it did not come as the one I had . I had no help with customer service trying to replace the product or even purchase the additional parts missing or at the very least help with return shipping charges . Bottom line , make darn sure the merchandise you are viewing is exactly everything you want because once its delivered to your door , like it or not , it 's yours !!
 OK , I bought this last week and we got it today . Do n't waste your time ! The things ca n't cut through butter ! They look and feel sturdy but they could not get through out dogs coat and it kept freezing . We just got out our human clippers and finished the job . Will be sending back . We brushed the dog out really well before using and it still did not work . I think we will have to spend an additional $ 50 to get the real thing . Trust me ... look for something better !
 I ordered this item on 9/26/06 because I was gone over a weekend and somehow my roomates managed to gunk up my tank royally . I went to Petsmart in person and they did n't have these filters that I need . So I ordered these . I ended up not getting them until the middle of November . that 's over a month !!!! I called customer service for Petsmart and the only thing they told me was they would cancel the order and I could go get them from the store . Basic they did absolutly nothing . I would not recommend ordering from Petsmart unless you do n't need what you 're ordering for a couple of months .
 Not silent , very loud intermittent buzzing noise . Wife turned it off.Disappointment ensues.Not sure what to try next . Any suggestions ?
 I have had this powerhead running in my 16 gallon saltwater reef tank for between 2 and 3 months now , and the impeller shaft has gotten scarred by debris and is now extremely noisy . This exact same thing happened to my Penguin 150 gph bio-wheel power filter . Penguin products just are not made to last . Which is really lame , because Marineland also makes Emperor products , which last a lot longer and are much better designed . You get what you pay for in aquariums , and it 's definitely worth putting out the money for a better powerhead or filter up front , so you do n't have to pay more to replace the cheap product later on anyway.I replaced my Penguin Bio-Wheel with an Emperor 280 and now I have just ordered a Hydor Koralia Nano to replace my Penguin powerhead.Do yourself a favor and just buy a better product from the beginning .
 This costume is cute but the quality is poor . I had to take black marker to several white spots on the black stripes and portions of the writing to make it complete .
 The only reason I gave it a 2 is because my horse did n't even sniff it . I paid a lot for my horse to just look at it . whats really weird is she LOVES anything sweet but , did n't like this .
 A pet store recommended and ordered the 660 for my 29 gallon tank . It was way too much power with no way to adjust the output . My fish were getting blown around the tank . Even worse was the vibration . Even tried rocks on top of the cover to stop the rattling . I pulled it apart to check out the impeller and it appeared fine . Put it back together and it is still noisy . The air valve either spurts bubbles off and on when adjusted full down , or puts out a ton of bubbles when increased . To be fair the other brand 's air valves do that also so I end up not using the air tube . I replaced it with an Aquaclear 20 . It is so quiet I ca n't even tell the 20 is running without looking at the surface ripples . Also the Aquaclear output is adjustable . The fish can now catch up to the food and do n't feel like they are in a rushing river .
 I 've had four of these over the years , and they all did the same thing , noisy , impellers do n't last -LRB- and they cost half the price of a pump to replace -RRB- , and they get some kind of weird `` vapor lock '' , if an air bubble gets in it , it stops pumping and just sits there buzzing and rattling . getting it going again is a real pain , requiring taking your pump off the lift tube and rotating it to try to get the bubble out ; lots of splashing and hands-in work.Honestly , the cheaper pumps from discount stores work better and last longer .
 Do not order this product from Amazon ! The shipping method was TERRIBLE . They did not secure the ceramic bowls or pack them correctly when I ordered the replacement , they shipped it again the same way - and guess what ??!! SHATTERED AGAIN ! When I tried the online-return they wanted me to pay for shipping . So I had to spend time on the phone - I 'm STILL waiting for printing lables that were supposed to be emailed to me - and I 've been charged for the product.I ended up going to PetSmart and getting the same thing - which is what I was trying to avoid to begin with .
 My puppies really like this in their little Kongs . The only issue I have it that they do not last very long . I thought the Ziggie would be more like a nylabone intead of like a cookie . I have two 3 month old Cocker Spaniel puppies , and they seem to eat them very quickly and are able to pull the Ziggie out of the Kong with no problem . I kind of wanted something that would keep them busy and out of trouble , but this is n't the thing for that .
 These treats fit the extra-small Kong , not the small one . They wo n't even stay in the small Kong . Get this only for really small dogs , I 'd say 10 lbs or less .
 These get stuck in the Kong and require using a knife to cut them while inside to get all of the pieces out . All the while you are trying NOT to cut yourself . To bad I ca n't give it zero stars .
 The plants looked cheap and obviously fake and it took up too much space in my baby biorb . The fish hardly had any room be swim about .
 I was pleasantly surprised to find this item . Ordered one and am definately pleased with the appearance of the ring in the biorb . BUT after having it in there a few weeks I 'm fighting a battle of green tinted water . Nothing else in the tank is new so has to be from the plant ring . Not sure how the `` tint '' will effect the fish so removing the ring to be safe ... . money wasted .
 Purchased one of this company 's very expensive toys . Never again . One-year old pups managed to have a hole in it within 30 minutes , and removed the squeaker -- a choking hazard . After repairs , I gave it back to one of my pups , who managed to entirely de-stuff it within minutes . E-mailed the manufacturer to give them feedback , but they were n't interested ; they basically said do n't let the dog chew on it . How else is a dog to play with a toy ? They do n't exactly have hands . Keep your pet safe and your wallet fuller and do n't buy this absurdly priced dud of a toy.l. ;'[ -RSB-
 Alright . . I own 4 American Pit Bull terriers and i am constantly looking for plush type toys that will last . I bought these because their claim is that they are SUPER durable , and have been `` Tiger Tested '' . . and they even have pictures and video footage on their website of Tigers playing with these toys and them lasting . . So I decided I would make the investment of $ 17.99 for their level 10 -LRB- tuffest -RRB- toy . . I brought a few home to my dogs and in about 3 minutes one of my dogs had put a hole in it and removed some of the stuffing , and the longest any of them survived was 1hour . . I was super bummed out . . I returned it to the store and got a full money refund . . They may have been tested on Tigers . . but obviously not on Pit Bulls , who will do just about anything to get the sqeakers out . -LRB- My Miniature pinscher was also successful at killing this toy in about an hour -RRB- I would however recomend this toy to any dog who is alot nicer to their toys then my dogs , or pretty much anyone who does not own the following breeds
 eh , it beeps , but my dog is n't bothered . We hoped to use it to keep him from stealing food off the counter . It does n't do that .
 What a waste ! Glad I can return it . I put it on my bed to keep the cats off , and it did n't work at all . Both cats jumped up onto the bed numerous times and then lay down by it with not a peep from the alarm .
 I was really hoping to find a suitable solution to keeping our new Bulldog off of our couch . We have been using unsightly barstools or aluminium foil -LRB- both very effective -RRB- while waiting for the Tattle Tale to arrive . After I set it on the couch , the Bullies ran to the couch to see what I was up to . When the not so loud alarm went off -LRB- set to `` Hi '' -RRB- , they both jumped up on the couch to get it , and one of them ran away with it in her mouth to try and destroy it ! NOT so effective ...
 Waste of Money . Our cats jumped on the bench , the alarm went off , they just played with the device . They did this twice , did n't make any difference to them walking on the benchtops . I have thrown it away
 The sound this thing makes is the same as when a microwave is finished . A friendly beep . We already have lots of friendly beeps around the house -LRB- the microwave , the clothes dryer , etc -RRB- , so my cat does n't think anything of the Tattle Tale , does n't phase him in the slightest . Just another friendly beep . The equivalent of another cat meowing ! They should have made it with a scary sound , like a house-alarm warbling siren or a machine gun or something . Hoping I can send this thing back now that I 've opened it .
 It takes quite a bit of movement to set this alarm off ... on day three I found my cat curled up contentedly against it on the new sofa !
 This is advertised as a pet training alarm - not an &#34; oh yeah and an intruder alarm too &#34; - so I will treat it as such . First off , as I suspected , it is &#34; sonic &#34; meaning audible - not ultra-sonic meaning super high pitch that only the animals can hear . This was to stop two cats from climbing my Christmas tree btw . It does go off when they climb it - but all it does is bother me with an annoying tone . The cats do n't even notice it . One is very skiddish and the ultra-sonic remote trainers make her jump and run , and at least gets the others attention - so they are manageable animals . I also have to shut it off at bedtime , because all it does is wake me up , and not deter the cats . This product is just a complete fail - if they had an ultra-sonic version - it would probably be great - effective on the animal , and not bother me every time it goes off .
 My cat jumped on the table and it didnt make a sound . When i banged the table really loud it did but my cat just looked at it .
 Was wanting to get a great reaction from my cat ... . he just looks at it and keeps on walkin on the counter !!! I am however going to put a string through the hole and hang it on a door knob in my garage as as added alarm - so all is not bad afterall .
 I was excited when I received a recommendation that this product worked with a friends dog . When I received tattle tale in the mail , I danced with my puppy in glee . I was thinking `` this is the last time my puppy will jump on the sofas and beds , yay ! '' . After we finished our dancing I took the product and added the battery . The deviced started to sound off . I managed to turn it off . It was very sensitive . I then realized I had a bit of a problem.My puppy usually gets on either the bed or the sofa , when I am on it . -LRB- He loves to be near me -RRB- . So , in order for the device to work , I had to get on the sofa and not move . Sigh . I thought , `` Well , I only having to do this maybe a few times and then he wo n't do it ever why not ? `` So I got on my sofa , turned on the device and it sounded off . I tried again and managed to freeze while placing the device on the sofa , hidden . Now I awaited for my puppy . In two seconds , he jumped on and the device sounded off . YAY ??? No , no Yay . My puppy instead of jumping off startled at the noise , he looked for the device and once finding it , started to paw it like a toy . -LRB- Maybe my puppy should be trained to work with the bomb squad ? -RRB- Anyway it didnt work . I re-read the instructions and tried again with the same results.Tattle tale did not work for me . Crummy .
 Well ... the product works ... but way too well . We have a home built in 2010 and it is has a basement . The home is well built . We 've never noticed vibration on the ground floor , but apparently the Tattle Tale definitely notices it . I can be 30 feet from it just walking normally and it will go off.So I really ca n't recommend this product if you have a basement and plan on using it on the ground floor or second floor of your home .
 We purchased two of these for two doggie gates we were using for our puppy . The noise is fairly loud and managed to scare me a couple of times , but she was less than impressed by it . She would put her paws on the gate and set off the alarm ; however , the noise would only make her cock her head in interest -LRB- while keeping her paws on the gate -RRB- . I believe it entirely depends on the personality of the dog . She is not highly strung , so she does n't scare easily . Keep your dog 's personality in mind before purchasing this so that you do n't spend $ 50 needlessly like we did .
 We purchased 2 of these to keep our 2 cats from climbing on the back of our couch then on to destroying the drapes behind it . They just love these things and if they could talk would probably thank us for the new toys . They are not the least bit afraid and even the high setting just seems to attract them.Tattle Tale Sonic Pet Training AlarmWe really feel they are not worth the price .
 My new kitten kept trying to get on a certain shelf in my kitchen . I thought no problem , I have this new Tattle Tale Product . I placed it on the shelf . Sure enough it went off . My kitten AND MY 6 YEAR OLD CAT ... both back up a sort space and then got CLOSE TO SEE WHAT THIS NEW TOY IS . Please do n't waste your money . I 'm going to order SSSCAT because I know that works !!! I gave the Tattle Tale 1 star because of the design ... The hole is handy to hang it up . That would be handy if it worked .
 Now , I have a 15 lb . cat -- no light weight . And I also have a lovely new modern vinyl couch . Day one -- claws in couch . He seems to like all the `` off '' sprays . Soaked the couch in them . So I tried this . Never even went off -LRB- except when I touch it . -RRB- So I guess , if your cat is able to leap on an item without wiggling it , the gadget is useless . Drat !
 I wanted this to keep my cats off the bed when I was n't home . Well , it does n't work . Today I saw the cat laying right beside the thing and it was set to loud . Moreover , he 's a bit cat -- weighs 11 lbs . If he does n't make the bed move at least a bit when he jumps on it , I do n't know what does.The unit may work in some circumstances and in some places . But the bed is n't one of them . At least not mine . I tested the unit and it does work . I put it on the bed and hit the bed or got on it myself and it went off . But the cat can get on it without incident . -- Susanna K. Hutcheson
 When the sound actually went off -LRB- which it did about half the time my cat went near it -RRB- , my cat was n't even startled . In fact , she tried to bat it between her paws . Try the SSSCAT spray instead .
 Trying to return this item , waiting for the seller to give me instructions . The first time it went off it scared my cats but after that they ignored it .
 the alarm tone is too soft and did not affect my curious kitty . at best , it just lets us know when she is on the kitchen counter . does not keep her off though .
 i bought this at the recommendation of my dog trainer . it never goes off when my dog approaches it but instead screams when the kiddos go running by ...
 I bought this because I have a 75 lb lab who think he owns the bed if I 'm not in it . It would be fine if he did n't love to pull the sheets off the bed but since this is his favorite pass time I would like to deter him from getting up there . I was very excited after reading the reviews and hopeful that this would solve my problem . As soon as I got my tattle tale I opened it up , hooked up the provided battery and turned it on . Turning it on resulted in an ear shattering , fire alarm type sound that lasted a few seconds and startled me as well as the dog who came running into the room to stare at the device in my hand . I set it on the bed , which made it go off again . I then left the room to go about my normal daily activities . I have placed it on the bed every morning since then and , 2 weeks later , I have yet to catch my dog in the act of getting on the bed -LRB- he 's very good about jumping off when he hears me coming -RRB- but have also not heard the tattle tale go off and have still found the telltale footprints and mussed sheets that give away his presence on the bed.My obvious problem with this product is that it does n't seem to work . I can make it go off when I try pressing down on the mattress near it but from what I can tell , you have to actually be right next to it or touching it to make it go off . I read a review that said a t-shirt thrown on the bed made it go off and I actually tried this with an oversize wet towel and it did n't set it off . There 's no way to position the tattle tale on the bed where my dog will for sure come into contact with it , which defeats the purpose . It is likely that he is careful not to touch things he does n't think he should -LRB- I 've seen him do this before -RRB- and is avoiding it when he gets up there but my understanding was that it would react to the vibration when he jumped on the bed and he would n't actually have to touch it to make it work . It goes off every time I touch it to turn it on/off so it is n't a battery issue . If I 'm the only one making it go off , I 'm the only one annoyed by the sound and reacting to it . The product going off every time I turn it on/off is my second issue . It would be a huge improvement if this had a remote on/off so that you do not have to set it off every time . If someone were to have success with this product , making it go off every time you turn it on/off would likely be confusing to the pet and counterproductive to the training.The concept for this product is wonderful and I really wish it worked but even if it had , it would still need to be improved to be at its best . Its sensitivity level and lack of ability to turn it on/off without setting it off are definite downfalls and make the product unreliable for training or deterring my pet .
 I bought this item to prevent my cat from going on the rug and do her business . She had already done it before the alarm went off . It did go off however when my husband walked in the next room.I solved the problem though
 This product works like it says it should . On the high setting , it 's very sensitive . For example , if I drop a broom in the other room or even yell , it will go off . The problem I have with this is that it just does n't work for my pets . The dog still gets on the couch , even though the alarm repeatedly goes off . A few times , he got sick of listening to it and carried it in his mouth and buried it in the yard . On a good note , the alarm still works after being chewed and buried several times.We also have cats and the alarm does n't faze them much either . They jump on the couch , the alarm sounds , they look at the alarm , and then they just keep walking to were they want to lie.If your dog is scared of noises , it would probably be fine . But with my pets , the alarm just is n't enough .
 Well , this does what it says , in that it emits a loud annoying noise . But it does n't work very well - it is TOO sensitive on the ultra-sensitive setting . Could n't take a step in the house without setting it off . But on the less sensitive setting , it sometimes worked , sometimes did n't . As a result , within a few days , our cats were completely immune to it . Once I heard it go off and looked around , only to find that my cat was actually laying on it ! Did n't faze him a bit ! So , I can not recommend . We bought ours from another company and paid more -LRB- sadly -RRB- than it 's listed here now . Ca n't return - it was a total waste of money !
 I purchased this item to keep my cats off the counter . They would jump up on the counter and the alarm would not even go off . There were days I found them up there one was even laying right next to it . My cats are n't small so I cant see any reason why it shouldnt have done what it was suppose to do , only thing I can say was it was a waste of money .
 I can see how this product might work for some cats , but it did n't even phase ours . Just when we think we 've hit on something that might be effective for our 31/2 year old Maine Coon , she proves us wrong ! The only beings in the house annoyed by the sonic blast were the humans - had to send it back .
 I have a cat that loves to urinate on my favorite lazy-boy chair . I read some bad reviews of this product before buying , I just was n't smart enough to pay attention to them . I felt sure this would do the trick . It just sounded like such a wonderful idea , and believed it would work . But unfortunately , it just does n't . After putting this on the chair , I admit I did n't sit and watch for hours or anything , but I used it faithfully for about a week . I saw my cat jump up a few times , and the alarm did n't even go off . Perhaps it did , when I was n't around , but it must not have scared her . It 's not very loud , or scary sounding . She continued to pee on the chair , right beside the Tattle Tale device . I continue to wonder if this product might have potential , if they improve on the idea by making it much louder , and much more sensitive to movement . But as it is , this is a total , and complete waste of money . Do n't order it . I ended up buying a Scat-Mat , which cost a bundle , but was well worth every penny . But if you buy a Scat-Mat , just try to remember not to sit on it yourself ! It hurts !
 In the description of this product it states that you can adjust the vibration of the unit . I was n't aware that there are two different types of this product . The regular sonic one you have to activate the other is a vibration unit that you can adjust the vibration and leave the unit in the area to keep the animal away . I had bought this thinking it was the vibrating unit due to the description . I was going to go away for Christmas and wanted something to monitor our cat when he got too close to the Christmas tree . When the unit arrived , I checked the Amazon website again and then noticed there are two different units . I never picked up on it when I ordered . Bottom line , the description for the regular sonic unit is wrong and needs to be corrected . You are not able to adjust the vibration unit and leave it unattended . It 's not worth for me to return this one for the other since I will be leaving in a few days for my trip . I 'm really disappointed and annoyed that I was mislead .
 This unit does n't deserve any star .1 . Unit emits Loud noise when I go near to turn on & off , making my kitty aware that I 'm the one who is responsible for the activation .2 . Unit is set up on the other side of the room , it goes off while I 'm in the other side of the room , yet when my cat stands in front of the unit sniffing , NOTHING happens -LRB- I had to get the unit to check to make sure it 's on , it activates unit then . - human deterrent for animal to become aware . ha -RRB- 3 . As a training device , it 's ineffective .
 This item I did n't want , I wanted something to differ my cat off the table at night , NOT A DOG TRAINER THINGY.Tho when I had at out of the box and pointed at the cat , he jumped from a dead -LRB- forgive the pun -RRB- sleep .
 We ordered this item to stop our cat from getting in the Christmas tree durring the holidays then to keep him off the counters after the holidays . The cat could jump in the tree , jump on presents surrounding and under the device and jump on the counter directly next to the device , and it wouldnt go off . It only went off once or twice when the cat actualy batted the device around a few times and knocked it down . Not worth the money .
 The device was set to high and placed on a counter in the kitchen . The cat jumped up on the counter and sniffed the device . The unit is worthless .
 Instead of fleeing in terror from the piercing sound of the alarm , my cats jumped up on the counter to investigate where the noise was coming from . May be good for pets who do not like loud noises .
 do n't like it , I do n't know if I will use it there should be a range ajustment on it
 The Tattle Tale Sonic Pet Alarm does not work as I had expected it to . It &#34; goes off &#34; at unexpected times and does not go off when kitty is near . In fact , she looks at it and puts her pay on it ! . I 'm just so disappointed as I purchased 2 and they 're in a drawer . Guess I just threw my dollars away .
 I use this Kaytee brand , Forti-Diet food for my rats , and they actually eat it ! I 've been through several different brands of rat food , and they have finally settled on this . I feed them 2 or 3 each a day , depending on the size of the nugget , and they 're set ! I would recommend trying this if you 're looking for food for your rat . However , I purchase mine at Target . 2lb bag for 4.99 . Although they sell this one for 3.50 , the shipping is way too expensive , and you might as well head on over to Target or a pet store to find it . It 's pretty common .
 I thought at least I would get my money 's worth with this cheap bird bath -LRB- found for less at Ace Hardware -RRB- , but it broke after only two weeks . The sides were too steep - the only birds I saw at it never ventured to drink or bathe -LRB- and there were many birds at the nearby feeder , so it was n't a matter of them finding it or not -RRB- , rather they seemed challenged by the depth and the slick surface -LRB- even when not filled up much . I added a few rocks to make it more shallow and easier footing , but the cheap construction could n't handle the added weight . Save your money and invest in something better and not plastic . It broke where the stem screws into the pedestal . Even from the beginning it listed , and did n't want to stand straight , even with the included ground stakes .
 Bought based on positive reviews and wanted wind/sun protection . However , when placed on Shih Tzu , they crowd her eyes -LRB- no space between her eyes/eyelashes and the lenses -RRB- and the lenses FOG up . The doggles K9 Optix come with a 3d strap for above the head -LRB- the original 2 straps go under the chin and over the head/under ears -RRB- , which the pamphlet says will create space between the eyes and lenses . I have n't tried this yet . After reading about the foam padding inside the rims of the original Doggles -LRB- design looks like they create space without the need for a 3d strap -RRB- with ANTI-FOG lenses , wish I 'd bought the originalDoggles ILS Glasses X-SMALL - PINK FRAME - PINK LENS , but these looked less cumbersome . Too late to return or exchange.Update
 I have a Boston terrier who has gone blind . I had the notion that glasses for a dog mightat least protect the eyes from further damage , abrasions . BUT , the glasses have bradsand the edges themselves in the plastic could cut into the eyes . The shape of theglasses would not allow fitting to Boston face structure . In short even the dog knew : these do n't work ! and she pawed them off instantly.Doggles K9 Optix Sunglasses Xsm Pink Rhinestones
 When my order of several crates arrived , I just opened one box , and moved the rest to storage until needed . Today I open another box , only to find that the crate was shipped to me with a broken rim -LRB- where the cheap plastic clips that hold the top/bottom together attach the two halves -RRB- and the cheap plastic housing that holds the two door spring together was also broken.Also , be aware that the dimensions for this `` large '' crate are in actuality giving you no more space than what was called a `` 100 '' several years ago . You gain much unneeded length , but no additional height , which is a major concern if you are shipping an animal.Save yourself the trouble and purchase a crate in person somewhere so you can see what you 're getting before it arrives .
 I have a Classic Kennel that I bought from Petco for $ 55 . I wanted a second crate for crate training and bought this one because I thought they were comparable . They are not.The Petmate kennel is made from flimsy plastic compared to the Classic Kennel . You can feel the plastic flex on the Petmate . The Classic Kennel has quality screws that attach the top to the bottom ; the Petmate has cheap molded plastic clips . The door fits perfectly on the Classic Kennel ; the door is ill-fitted on the Petmate and is difficult to close.Basically , it looks like the Petmate went with the cheapest materials to keep their costs down . I would not transport an animal in it , although I will keep it for crate training . Too difficult to return.Update
 I purchased this product trying to save a litte bit of money . I would not recommend this for any dog . I bought these for 4 small dogs under 6 lbs . They are not durable . The plastic is thin . Having purchased 4 to begin with with in the last year all are cracked . They do not stand up to the test of time . Maybe for a light weight cat , rabbit or small rodent this may work . I am now back in the process of purchasing 4 new durable kennels that will last . Update , having read the reviews on the Petmate Vari Kennel , Small , Bleached Linen I have decided to purchased 2 of these kennels . It has been over six months and they have held up quite nicely . In fact I am purchasing two more . Hint , save your money and buy the better kennel to begin with . I wish I would have !
 This crate is not large as described . My dog is 38 # and barely fits in it . Be aware that the dog bed that Amazon shows as a frequently bought accessory does not fit this crate . There are many sharp edges on the crate . I would return both but it is too much work . I am very disappointed . I am going to donate both to a local shelter and buy a different item from a brick and mortar store .
 The description of the product says LARGE dog crates , but our normal-sized Shelties did not have much more room to stand up in . Their sizing is off . Good sturdy crates , but the sizing is misleading .
 Tried it for separation anxiety . Did n't seem to make a difference . Using a `` treat ball '' worked better -LRB- that she has to work as a puzzle to get kibbles -RRB- .
 My vet recommended it for my skitish dog . Might have helped 10 % , but that might just be wishful thinking . Dsappointed .
 This product is a waste of money . It simply does not work in any way to change/help any behaviorial issues as it claims .
 PRO : - powerful 350gph - has trays so I can stuff it with my own media -LRB- cheaper -RRB- - lid has a handle so it 's easy to open -LRB- unlike the Fluval 405 -RRB- - has priming priming button but it takes A LOT OF PUMPING to get it to work but at least it has a large button instead of a little stick like the Fluval 405 - my cabinet door is 9.5 inches so this canister 's width at 9 inches fits through the door - motor is on top -LRB- so when it leaks , I do n't have to worry about electrical shorts -RRB- CON : - leaked in the lid after 1.5 years -LRB- luckily , I put the canister inside a large clear plastic bucket to catch water when I clean it -RRB- - 45 watts is a little high , I 've seen others at 350gph at 30 watts - It 's a mess when you take it apart for cleaning.CONCLUSION
 updated review went from 5 star to 1 starI used to think that this was a great filter and an even better company to deal with untill Just recently . I have 2 cascade 1500 's that are about a year old.I tried calling their customer service department at least 20 times in the last few weeks to try to get new O rings for my unit and was never able to get througfh to them.Don ' t believe me call them , -LRB-800-RRB-456-5114 ext 3 for customer service.After about 10 calls I pressed another number to see if ANY department answered their phones and a warehouse guy said that there is only 1 customer service person and that you MUST leave a voicemail because she is always at least 25 calls behind.I explained that I had ALREADY left a VM and that I had not heard back , he simply said try again.So I did on Monday , on Tuesday on Wednesday and guess what never a call back.On the greeting it says to try emailing so I did and I did get a response back but unfortunately they do n't sell parts so I have 2 $ 150 that do NOTHING for me because they are BOTH down.All I need is the stinking little O rings -LRB- there is 2 -RRB- yes I could probably run around to a few hardware stores and find similar but I should not need to invest that much time into something so simple.original reviewSo for years I have used Marineland filters . 350 HOT then upgraded to 350 pro 's . People always seem to complain about the 350 's but personally I really never had any trouble with them . I think most people just do n't read the instructions or they just are n't patient enough to properly assemble a canister filter and you know it does take some time and patience to get them `` just right `` I purchased two of the cascade 1500 's from PetSolutions . They 're price was the same -LRB- $ 139 -RRB- but they had free shipping and amazon did not even with prime.First off I was disappointed that the dimensions of each unit are not clearly stated anywhere . I even went to the manufacturers website and downloaded their filter PDF and there just is n't alot of info on it.The 1500 is almost 20 ' tall not counting the hoses 24 '' once you add the hoses and connectors on . Its over a foot deep and almost 9 '' wide so it does require some square footage inside your cabinet.Build quality is very good I really like the hose quick disconnect as it screws on almost like a garden hose connector I think its much easier than trying to line up the shut off valves on the Marineland 350 pro units.Inside the filter are 5 large baskets for your media . It does however only come with 1 bag of so so quality carbon.Noise wise its quite tolerable but mine are inside a sealed cabinet and at least for me the only sound that I hear that is disturbing is not from the filter but from my built in overflow . -LRB- I did not use the supplied intake or output tubes -RRB- It does however come with both an output spray bar and a regular discharge chute . -LRB- nice if you need them.My only complaint I guess would be that it comes with 2 5 ' sections of hose whereas I would prefer that they supplied 1 long hose that I could cut to fit my needs . However I did appreciate that its a soft flexible hose versus the hose Marineland supplies which is hard and difficult to bend especially when you are trying to connect or disconnect the valves for cleaning.Oh just thought of another complaint . There is no owners manual its a `` mini poster '' its a pain in the butt I like to be able to flip to a page when I have a question not unfold a dang map sized monstrosity . Pain in the butt , what can you do?Overall I 'd say buy it , BUT if its your first canister remember that it MUST be assembled properly or you will have issues . Lastly read the manual.or poster or whatever you want to call it . People complain that it leaks when you carry it . hmm . maybe cause your supposed to run it with the intake turned off before disconnecting it ? Otherwise if its full of water yes it will probably leak , especially if you need to tipit to get it out of your cabinet like I do.BUY ONE !!!
 Okay , I admit , I have no expertise in maintaining an aquarium , so if you are reading this review and have some advice for me , please tell me what I can do to fix this issue.My boyfriend has an adult Red-eared Slider in a tank that holds 30 - 40 gallons . He told me he used to be able to go months without having to clean the tank , but as of late , we have had to clean the tank every THREE DAYS . We would clean the filter , the tank , the live rock , and replace all of the water . By day 2 , it would be very hazy , by day 3 it was BROWN . This was with a Fluval 405 . We tried everything - additives and what not . Nothing worked . Thinking the filter must be on its last legs , I bought this one for him after much research and reading reviews . Day 1
 I have been really looking forward to getting this filter for my 20 gal tank . when i got it today , i noticed the box was a little smashed . not until i was assembling it did i notice the two large cracks in the canister of the filter . Im not happy . this product was described as `` new '' and did look like the box had been opened once before , and its broken . i did not buy a `` broken '' filter , just a new one . it was $ 90 , i want a refund or a new one .
 The filter got dirty quick the water was PEE yellow in TWO days while my tetra 10-30i had pee water in SIX days . overal i would not recomend this . I am sure the 1000 is good , but i rather not try the 700 . Used in 18 gallon filled turtle tank with 3 goldfish and two turtles , turtles are very clean so its not them . gon na get a aqua clear 50 . 2 stars because i think the larger models would of worked .
 This product took over 10 days to recieve . Very slow and we were not amuzed . We will most likely purchase this product from ebay or another portal .
 Sorry to say this matt splitter dose not work at all ! It 's dull and ca n't cut thru my Aussie 's mat 's ! Wish I could give a positive review but it is worthless .
 CAME THROUGH AMAZON , NICE ON TIME AS ALWAYS.BUT THIS ITEM LOOKS OLD , LIKE AS IF IT WAS USED PREVIOUSLY . SAFETY PLASTIC WAS ALREADY DAMAGED WHEN I GOT THIS PRODUCT.IT IS NOTHING EXITING.IF YOU DO BUY FIRST CAREFULLY CUT OUT THE PACKAGING , THEN PULL THE SPLITTER OUT DONT PULL FIRST.I DONT RECOMEND THIS TO ANYBODY.SORRY.I NEVER DID BUT YOU CAN TRY SEARCHING IN OSTER BRAND . NOW THATS SOME OF THE BEST STUFF I HAVE USED.CHECK IT OUT
 I could n't get the blade under the mat . Possibly because my Persians hairi is so fine it would n't even cut the hair .
 This product is great when it works . For some reason , the tags keeps shorting out , and I keep having to buy more of them and they 're not cheap ! I wish I knew why they short out and stop working because my dog loves the freedom .
 It 's cheaply priced , because it 's a cheaply made garbage . I bought two - small and medium - for my 2 dogs . Both of them were broken when delivered . I returned the items to the seller . This is a discontinued product by manufacturer . Why discontinued ? Because they were poor products . Do n't buy.Also be alerted that the seller is not familiar with Amazon transactions . When I contacted the seller to complain that both were broken , they had no clue how they handle the refund . One of the least satisfying transactions on Amazon for me .
 My dog seems to allergic to almost everything , so when I bought this I was a little weary , however we live at 8500 ft so I figured I should give it a try . I put it on her on our way out the door and I did n't notice her licking her paws . I thought it was okay and applied it again the next day . I did seem to work with the snow and ice.Two days later she was sick . Fever , lethargic , and diarrhea . I had to take her outside 9 times that night . I 've never seen her that sick even with all of her other allergies . Another two days later and she was still sick , then she started pooping blood . I freaked and took her to the vet . $ 200 later and the vet found nothing wrong , agreed that it was probably the wax , and gave her some antibiotics to prevent anything from causing an infection through her torn bowels.One week later and she is only half better . I know she will be okay , but I would never put this product on another dog . There are n't even ingredients listed on this stuff . Be careful .
 This stuff softens pads which makes them less able to stand up to the cold , hard , and hot conditions that this product claims . It 's just a waste of money unless you want to soften and moisturize your dog 's pads but there are far cheaper alternatives if that 's your goal .
 Someone recommended this product would protect and help prevent slippage on non carpeted floors.It may work some for protection , but be prepared to use it at least every couple of days.Did not aide in anti-slipping .
 Our Lab puppy loved this ball but chewed up the outer ball the first day .
 This product works well and does scare the cats away from where you do n't want them , BUT it is costly avg . $ 10.00 and it does n't last long at all so I would not buy them again .
 I bought the SSSCAT Automated Cat-Deterrent Kit awhile back and it worked perfectly for training my cats to stay off counter tops , tables , etc. . When it came time to find a refill I almost bought the one listed here , but considering how expensive it is for such a small can I decided to find a better solution . All you really need is a canister of compressed air like those used to remove dust/debris from electronics or keyboards . I used a huge can that I purchased in a 6 pack from a local computer store . I think I paid $ 15 for roughly 12 times the amount of sprays that one of these cans would provide . Just pop the nozzle off and attach the ssscat unit as you normally would . The only difference is you have to turn the unit upside down for it to work properly , though it does n't affect the performance at all . Anyway , it 's worth it to pursue your own solution rather than buy these dinky refills every time you run out . Give it a shot . Oh , and do n't buy DustOff brand canned air ; it 's almost impossible to pry the nozzle off !
 Get the large size dust off can from Radio Shack . Works fine . Half the price . Twice the contents.The ssscat itself works dandy ! Now Scat !
 Unfortunately , the discharger head -LRB- shipped before the refills were shipped -RRB- stopped working within two months . Battery changes had no effect . Very disappointed .
 Slight pressure from their head against the top and BOTH zippers retract ! Unbelievable .
 Cats can escape from this carrier easily , by pushing against the zipper on the top flap . DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM FOR A CAT ! -LRB- It may be OK for a dog . -RRB-
 I have two overactive kittens -LRB- 7 months -RRB- . I read the reviews so I thought I would try it . IT DID NOTHING !!! They are still eating my paperback books and ruining my oriental rug . I will not purchase this again , but try something else .
 This did nothing for my cat when I brought a new cat into the house . I thought it may calm the existing cat down a little since she was on edge and even growling at us . Nothing changed with the FeliWay diffusers . I thought maybe it would be a little better than nothing at all . It did not help with the stress level for either of the cats . It was a big waste of money .
 When I got this unit , I showed it to Louie , the cat I was hoping would change his behavior of using things other than the litter box . Not only was Louie not thrilled , but he took one whiff and crawled under the dresser ! It 's hard to say for sure if it worked , because at the same time , I added another litter box to the household . But , I certainly do n't notice any difference from either Louie or Gomez , my other cat .
 Alas , my 13 year old cat shows no signs of not using the dog 's bed as a urinal -LRB- despite multiple efforts including moving the bed , elevating the bed , adding other litter boxes and so on - removing the bed completely resulted in the cat finding an alternative , the bathtub floor mat -RRB- . I really do n't regret making the purchase given so many others have found some degree of success , although I 'm disappointed my cat has n't enjoyed such success . We 'll keep exploring options and doing our homework as we continue to hope the dog remains as `` patient '' as she has been thus far .
 I have given this product a good and honest chance . Not only did it not do as advertised , my cats actually behaved much worse while the pheromone plugs were in place . Attacking each other more than ever , pooing and peeing in places they never had before ... . I would NEVER have tried this had I known .
 We purchased 2 of the plug-ins to see if our cats would stop using the floors and start using their litter boxes . The rooms we put these plug-ins are within the coverage suggested by the manufacture . The plug-ins did n't solve our problem , the cats still use the floor at times to relieve themselves and this was just 1 foot from the plug-in .
 I had high hopes for this stuff . The only thing it did was smell up the room ! It did not reduce my cat 's stress . In fact , I saw absolutely no change in him . Not worth the price of shipping !
 My cat meows outside my bedroom door every night and morning . I plugged this in the hallway to hope to calm her down . The first night she went absolutely nuts , throwing her body against the door and clawing at the carpet . These are behaviors she never exhibited before . I left the plug-in in the wall until it dried out and there was no positive change whatsoever . All I did was waste my money .
 After my husband moved in with me , one of my cats got very jealous , and began acting up . It only got worse when I got pregnant.I bought the Feliway . . hoping it would help ease the tension , but after four months , not much has changed.I would think twice about purchasing .
 a newly added cat to the household spent his entire time under the couch when not feeding . our existing younger cat 's curious aggression never let up , new cat 's nervous aggression never let up , existing older cat 's complacent agggression maybe even increased -LRB- no hard data for that , though ... -RRB- . Luckily it was only wasted money on one diffuser ... Sorry , did n't work in our household ...
 We have 4 male cats in the household and spraying is a problem.Well , just like another reviewer , our cats promptly sprayed the diffuser!I wasted $ 42 ...
 Over the past year , I 've tried everything to get my neutered male cat to stop marking in the house . My vet suggested I try Feliway but could not guarantee it would help . He was told that aggression within multiple cat households declined , but he never heard if the product was successful with regards to marking and urinating . I checked the customer reviews and figured , `` 4 stars ? It must be worth the try . '' Well , I bought it , plugged it in and 5 minutes later my cat walked right up to it , gave it a sniff and promptly sprayed it ! Tried it for a week and urinating actually increased -LRB- in that same spot -RRB- . Perhaps this product is just to help cats living together to get along , but not to expect it to end marking behavior .
 Two cat household , tried two Feliway plugins to stop their constant fighting , or at least calm them down a small amount . Absolutely no effect from the Feliway . Also tried the spray on my older cat in his carrier because he becomes hysterical when he goes to the vet . Not effective there either . A huge waste of money .
 I was really hopeful after reading other reviews , however , there was no change in the behavior of any of my three cats . One continues to be superhyper -LRB- she 's on medicine twice a day for hyperthyroidism -RRB- and my two year old cat continues to taunt my grumpy 12 year old cat . I even bought two diffusers for my one bedroom apartment to ensure the pheromones were throughout the place but still no change . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Our female indoor cat , after eight years of good behavior , recently sprayed the bottom shelf of a bookcase near our front door . I ordered this product , plugged it in near the bookcase , and hoped for the best . After about a week , our cat sprayed the diffuser . So the product obviously has n't `` calmed '' her . Also the product is n't odorless as stated . Disappointing .
 No change in behavior in my cats . I have had this product in place for a week . My neutered male is still roaming around , vocalizing constantly . My older female is still mean to my younger female . Not one change in any problematic behavior . It is as if the diffuser is not even in place .
 This had no effect on my cats . I recently got a kitten and the adult male Bengal that I have is VERY displeased with the new addition to the family . I tried placing the unit near the food dish since that is usually where they are when they run into each other . I tried moving it to different places in the house and there was no noticable difference in his behavior . Granted , the little cat is either really brave or really stupid because he does nothing but torture the bengal but overall , I saw not change in behavior from this product .
 The Feliway electric diffuser did not work for us . We have problems with two cats ; they both continued to spray after the diffuser had installed for two weeks . Our situation may be unique ; our cats certainly are !
 I do n't doubt that this product works for other people 's cats . It did not work for mine , however . They both became super aggressive with each other and other cats in and outside the house . It made them restless , coming in and out of the house all day . One of them started crying incessantly at night and the other still peed on things . They went back to normal -LRB- well , as normal as they get -RRB- when I unplugged the diffuser and opened all the windows . I think it 's worth the price to try this product , but do n't be surprised if it does n't work or makes things worse .
 however I manage to save the pharmone oil and put in in a spray bottle with water and the do scratch less . It would best to invest in the spray and its cheaper too .
 My cat has hyperthyroidism and he was under additional stress as my parents had left on a vacation . He was yowling at all hours and generally unsettled . I bought this hoping that it would calm him down and maybe he 'd stop yowling at all hours of the night . Unfortunately for him and me it did n't work . No noticeable change in his level of discomfort . What eventually worked was my parents coming home and even then it took a couple weeks for him to get fully readjusted.It may work fine in other conditions or other cats , but just a warning that it does n't always work .
 I bought this so my cats would stop being so crazy at night . They claw the bed , bat at my toes , and meow trying to wake us up . It did not work for this purpose .
 After great success with the Feliway-brand diffuser , I purchased a Comfort Zone refill without realizing it was n't the same thing . This does n't work at all for my cat . He 's got an anxiety disorder and the Feliway brand diffuser really changed him back into the lovely non-destructive kitty he was before I moved to a new apartment , whereas the Comfort Zone brand only marginally improves his behavior and he 's back to howling in the middle of the night.Comfort Zone is manufactured by Farnam , Inc. and includes Feliway -LRB- an artificial hormone patented by CEVA -RRB- among its ingredients . CEVA makes its own line of diffusers that are just called `` Feliway '' and are also available on Amazon . Maybe I 'm crazy -LRB- or my cat is ! -RRB- but I find CEVA 's Feliway brand to be much more effective .
 I really wanted this to work . I have one big male former stray cat who likes to chase the other cats around . This upsets them . I have another skittish cat from an abusive home who breaks training regularly . After a month with the Feliway plug in , nothing has changed . My big male cat still chases the other cats , and my skittish cat still goes outside the box .
 ... by a friend . Plugged it in and about week later tested the cat . He sprayed approximately 5 feet from the unit . Does n't even phase the cat . : o -LRB-
 Although this product did drastically reduce the amount of fighting between cats in the house , it did nothing to deter the one cat who likes to mark . In fact , we noticed her starting to mark places she 'd never marked before , so we unplugged both diffusers about three weeks after plugging them in . If fighting is the only issue between cats in your house , I 'd say this product works pretty well . However , I ca n't recommend it for problems with a cat who marks .
 The first time I used this item which was a number of months ago it worked . After a few months away from it my cat started peeing again . I 've been using it again for 2 months and it still has n't worked . Ca n't blame the diffuser . My cat just has cattitude .
 I have 1 -LRB- of 4 -RRB- cat that piddles on any carpet I put down in my dining room or living room . No other carpets , just the dining & living room . Have had plugs ins in every room of the house for over 2 months . Just put new area rugs in dining & living rooms . He had already ` marked ' them . These plug ins cost me quite a lot and I was really hoping for an answer , unfortunately these did n't work.There 's no hope ...
 I used this for the full amount of time . I have three cats , one with a mild aggression problem and one that likes to chew . This product made no difference in their behavior . I placed it in an area that they traffic a lot , and the room is not super-big , so I 'm sure the &#34; smell &#34; would have reached them . One of the cats -LRB- the aggressive one -RRB- did seem to react when he got close to the diffuser by wrinkling his nose up , but that was it.I would definitely not buy this again , especially for the outrageous price .
 The diffuser only lasted about a week and I saw no change in the cat 's behavior . I went to Pet Smart and bought the spray in a bottle . Within 48 hours of use , the cat in question was as calm and friendly as , well , a pussycat . He 's normally quite aggressive and spends a lot of time in seclusion . With the spray , however , he became sweet and docile and very tolerant of the other cats . I spray it on his bedding and scratching post . He rubs his face on it and rolls around like it 's catnip . Whatever is in it , it works for my cat and has made life a lot calmer in my house . The concentration of active ingredients is much higher in the spray than in the diffuser so it makes sense that it works better .
 After reading a bunch of reviews I ordered this for my two housecats to ease the transition into a new home . I have had the Feliway diffuser plugged in for the last month and have not seen any change in the behavior or disposition in my cats . Vertical scratching and irrationally fearful behavior when new visitors arrive still persist . It has definitely not helped `` comfort '' the cats in the ways advertised . Of course I do n't expect miracles but I expected to see some change . Now that 30 days have gone by I am reluctant to spend another $ 20 to refill the diffuser . Maybe a Glade plugin will work just as well !
 I have 2 cats from the same litter
 I wish it did . The rate of cat spraying in our house did n't increase or decrease with the use of this product . It was a total waste of money .
 Brought an 8 month old female in to live with a 12 year old female and , not surprisingly , the older cat had some serious territorial issues . Although she never really tried to hurt the smaller one , who is herself rather assertive , she hissed and growled and sulked . I bought three diffusers placing them in all the cats ' haunts -LRB- near food , sleeping places , etc. -RRB- and also tried some of the spray . After three weeks there was no real difference . I then tried Bach 's Flower Essence Rescue Remedy . Now , after eight weeks of cohabitation , the older one is no longer sulking and is hissing less . Feliway and/or Bach 's may have contributed but it is impossible to tell , more likely the imporvement has come from time . Perhaps in such a case patience would have been the best -- and cheapest -- recourse .
 This seemed fine for nearly two weeks of use . Ran quite warm but not hot . Then today , thankfully someone was home to notice the burning smell before it was too late . It emitted a distinct odor of burning electrical components . It was plugged in to a fully functioning outlet and was not `` sagging '' in the outlet . I believe this event could have developed into an electrical fire if not no one was home to notice the stench and unplug it in time . These are dangerous . Whether or not the pheromone is effective is a mute point here as the delivery system is hazardous . If you dare to use one of these be vigilant . I requested a return authorization based on the defective nature of the product and received a pre-paid return shipping label with no hassle so I give credit to the seller for that good customer service . Purchased from Monster Pets -LRB- Fulfilled by Amazon -RRB- . Good service in spite of bad product .
 I bought this product with high hopes it would stop my cat from urinating in the hallway and on our bathroom mats . We recently moved to a new house and acquired a new dog , and the cat has been urinating everywhere since . I tried this product for a full month and saw no change at all in her behavior . I really wish this product would have done what it says it does , but for us it just did n't work .
 My cat has a severe obsession with food that causes her lots of stress and anxiety , which in turn results in urinary tract inflammation . I have previously had her on Prozac which alleviates that obsession and keeps her urinary tract healthy , but I was hoping to be able use this product instead . I began using the Feliway right as I started weening her off the Prozac . I put 2 diffusers in our house to make sure I covered the areas she spends all her time . I tried it for a month and during that same time I also gave her ` Vetri-Science Composure Feline ' supplements . Unfortunately , no luck . The obsession and stress returned . -LRB- Incidentally , she continued her bad habit of scratching the couch as well . -RRB- She 's back on Prozac now and I 'll just have to learn to be OK with that.There are other reviewers that have had great luck with the Comfort Zone Feliay diffuser , so I think this is a product worth giving a try . It does work for some cats .
 I got this with the hope of stopping the inappropriate elimination by one cat -LRB- of 3 -RRB- , but the problem still occurred after two days . I had tried almost everything else -LRB- and nothing medical was found , either -RRB- so I opted for this . Perhaps the air circulation was too strong or the room too big -LRB- a standard living room -RRB- but I wo n't need to get any more refills.If you have one of those Plug-In things you do n't need to buy the diffuser . Just buy a bottle and fill an old Plug-In bottle .
 I purchased this product after moving in with someone who has two cats . I have one cat who is afraid of the other two and has been too nervous to interact with them for weeks . My cat stays in the bedroom and hides when the other cats enter the room . Occasionally one of the cats , who is particularly aggressive , attacks my cat . When that happens , my cat sprays . I thought that the cats would get used to each other and things would calm down . When they did n't , I did some online research and decided to try Feliway after reading that a veterinarian was recommending it for just this type of problem . Well , the diffuser has been plugged in for three weeks and there have been no noticeable changes . I do n't recommend this product . My cat is still spraying .
 Based on the reviews of this product , we ordered three of these Comfort Zone Plug-In Diffusers with hopes of decreasing the marking behavior of our 3-year-old neutered male . He had begun his marking behavior a month or so after we had become a foster home for four feral kittens -LRB- three males and one female -RRB- . We also have two other cats , twelve years of age . They all seem to get along ; the behavior-problem male plays with the kittens . We placed the plug-ins in two rooms where the behavior had occurred and the third in the family room where he spends more of his time . After one month of use , I can not report any improvement due to the Plug-Ins , despite scrupulous cleanup of his markings . I ended up closing off one of the rooms and using a sticky tape to deter access to his preferred baseboard targets . A Plug-In was right next to this particular area ; soon after installing the sticky tape I found marking behavior evidence on one area of the sticky tape right next to the Plug-In . I improvised another home-made deterrent for that spot and he has not returned yet -LRB- my spot treatment was a one-inch piece of styrofoam with toothpicks sticking up out of it -RRB- . I 've since talked with other cat owners who said the Plug-In did not work for them either . But the reviews here indicate that some cat households are helped with this product . The price here is far better than what I could find at local pet markets so if trying it , this would be the place to order it from unless your local pet market has a really good return policy .
 My vet recommeded this product since I have a neutered cat that sprays . Used the plug in and the spray . Within a week the area treated area and the plug in were both covered in urine . Guess kitty told me who was boss ! He 's now on behavior medication and doing fine . The feliway went into the trash .
 I am telling you my experience with this product was that it was a complete waste of money - I found my cat became more agitated actually when I began using this . I do n't know what this is supposed to be , but it annoyed and frustrated my cat . I wish I could get my money back !!
 I have two cats , one how likes to pee on my bed , a lot . Occasionally she 'll knock something like a book or DVD off a shelf and pee on it . But she loves peeing on my bed , and walking around screaming . I 've had to start covering my bed with a sheet of plastic , even when I 'm in it . She knows how to use the litter box , I 've seen her using it , and have n't found poop anywhere . So I got this hoping it would help , since the box said it was for marking , and a few people said it quieted their noisy cats . Seemed like it was working the first two days , but then it started again . May just have to build a pen and keep her outside ... The other one likes to pace back and forth across my windowsill , which is about three feet long . Did n't help her at all . Definatly would n't recommend , or buy this product again ... Waste of money .
 the best thing to fix your cat from spraying in the house is let him go outside a couple times a day they 'll get it out of their system . these really do nothing , if you say they do you must be a liar
 We have a cat that meows like crazy , and the vet suggested this . It really did n't make a dent , but it might really be better for urine marking . I would still recommend trying it , just wanted to give my own experience .
 I really do n't know if this had any effect on my cat as it was only plugged in for a day and a half . The scent it put off made the room smell like spoiled milk . Since most people -LRB- including myself -RRB- find this to be a rather foul odor , the product found itself in the trash .
 My cat literally does not respond to this at all , even when I put it in front of her face . No reaction ... Has n't calmed her down at all . This is a big ripoff : /
 I have a 15 year old calico that started to urinate outside the box , on the floor , on the walls . Tried Comfort Zone at the suggestion of our vet , but it did not work . She urinated on the Comfort Zone in addition to the other places .
 I bought a refill for the Feliway diffuser . -LRB- $ 30.99 -RRB- I left the house for a couple hours and it smelled like an electrical fire . The smoke alarm was going . I finally unplugged all appliances and the smell was coming from the diffuser . I called the company . They said this was not uncommon . They said I could mail the diffuser to them , at my expense and they would send me a refund or a new diffuser . I really afraid of a product that has such a problem . I will return my refill to Petco . I also bought a NutraVet diffuser -LRB- $ 32.99 -RRB- and it does not emmit such odors.I do believe the products do work , but do n't want my house to burn down .
 The title of my review pretty much says it all . Try something else instead .
 We have four cats , one of which is extremely shy and always hides in closets and hard to reach spaces . I bought this product in hopes it would help to calm him down somewhat and make him a little less anxious . I bought two diffusers , one for the living room and one for the bedroom , the two spaces he usually hangs out . After using it for a month , I have not seen any changes whatsoever in my cat . He still freaks out at the slightest noise and still spends most of his day tucked away in a `` safe '' spot . I know that the manufacturer recommends that you use this product for at least 90 days to see any significant results , but I know from friends that they had an instant turn-around with similar issues when they used this product . I will probably discontinue the diffuser since it is fairly expensive and is not likely to help alter my cat 's behavior.I should add that I also used Feliway sprays and found that the one distributed by VPL works better on my cats than the one sold through Farnam . I gave the Farnam spray to a friend and it worked well on her cats , so it seems to be depending on the cat . So , in case your cat does n't respond to one , you might try the other . I also recommend shopping around for them . Although they are sold at most vets , you can often get a much better deal online.While I am not convinced of the diffuser system , the spray really works well on the same cat . He has the habit of going through my bathroom trashbin , but whenever I spray it with Feliway , he would stay away from it . The Feliway spray was also very helpful on our recent move from the East coast to the West coast . Each evening we sprayed the hotel rooms before we left the cats out of their carriers and it really seemed to make a difference . They were a lot calmer than we had expected them to be.All in all , I think that Feliway products work differently for each individual cat . They are not overly expensive and not harmful , so that I would at least give it a try before trying some of the more invasive options like chemicals or drugs .
 I had two cats that were constantly at each other . Jasmine pretty much laid around on a big pillow all day . Mogie would stalk her , run up and swat her , etc. all day long . I gave this product a try , in hopes that he would calm down and quit harassing Jasmine . I plugged it in right by her pillow . I did n't notice any changes in either of them . Mogie still bullied , and Jasmine still hissed , screamed , and occasionally charged Moglie . Jasmine remained totally stressed out , independent of the pheromone , so she has gone to another home . :--LRB- -LRB- Mogie is a BAD cat , but a great companion for me . Could n't send my soulmate away ! -RRB- I still have another cat , so I 'm going to try drugs next on Mogie . -LRB- A mild antidepressant that is known to reduce aggression in cats -RRB- In any case , this product might work for minor problems or as `` aromatherapy '' , but it did n't work for us .
 My husband and I purchased Comfort Zone plug-in to alleviate bad behavior from our aggressive kitten that we recently adopted from the SPCA . It was very expensive and there was absolutely no change in our kitten 's aggressive behavior . We plugged it in and a couple of days later , as I was passing the electrical outlet that contained this plug-in , I noticed that it was leaking oil - all over the outlet ! I immediately unplugged it and threw it away . Like throwing 40 dollars in the trash . Just glad our home did n't go on fire .
 This product did not work in my multi-cat household . I have one cat that is very aggressive to the other cat . It did nothing to stop the aggression . I was very disappointed . Actually , essential oil of lavenderLavender Essential Oil . 10 ml . 100 % Pure , Undiluted , Therapeutic Grade.sprayed in the air worked better ! It might work for other cats though . This cat is very difficult to manage . Also , I have very high ceilings in the room I used it . That might have affected it 's effectiveness .
 My tomcat sprayed the walls right next to the plug-in diffusers . I had bought three of them with refills ... a lot of wasted money .
 This might work for you and your cat , but it did n't work out for me and mine . I quarentined my cat off for 3 weeks used special `` scent removers '' bought this plugged it in , unquarentined the cat ... and she sprayed her first night out . Extremely frustrating . There are a lot of good reviews , so I suppose it can work , but not for all cats . It 's up to you whether or not you want to take the chance and potentially waste money or potentially correct your cat . Flip a coin .
 I have had this plugged in for about 3 weeks andd the adult cat still growls as soon as he comes in and sees the kitten . I would not recommend this item .
 We just moved and our cat was going in his litter box , but also going in places he should n't have been going . After a few weeks and we bought the product and put it in the main living area where we -LRB- and the cat -RRB- were the most . It worked for a few days , but then the cat was right back at it again . I would say it 's worth a try , but unfortunately it did n't work for us . NOTE ... if you get the spray , make sure you spray DAILY like the bottle 's instructions say or it wo n't be much help either .
 Although our cats seemed more content when we used the plug-in , it did not help with our main problem . One of our cats sprayed when it saw outside animals on our deck . I think that our cat was just too excited and hysterical for the product to work . We even tried putting two plug-ins in the room where we had a problem . The only thing that worked was putting an animal shocker on our deck and keeping the wild animals away .
 Used Feliway Comfort Zone Plug-In Electric Diffuser in hope to pacify a male cat from his bullying tendencies . I did n't see much help from this and had to resort to a one time medication that has helped . Other people I talked to have had some results by using this product .
 I have two cats . One has ALWAYS been calm and well-behaved . The other has ALWAYS been a nervous boy . Another relevant point here is that I had these two cats for over ten years when I was diagnosed as having become allergic to them . I do n't want to get rid of them , so get weekly allergy shots and my allergies are well-maintained . My vet suggested I get Fel-i-way to deal with the issue of my nervous cat being afraid of any and all visitors . I bought the plug-in fel-i-way and had high hopes . Within one hour I saw my nervous kitty become calmer and clearly feeling more safe . HOWEVER within 15 minutes of plugging in the diffuser my throat started closing up and hurting . I also CAN smell this device and there are other people who also can smell this device if you read more reviews you will see this . In addition , my always calm , well-behaved cat became nervous and paranoid . He started investigating everywhere in my home trying to find another cat that he seemed to sense was there . He started hissing at the nervous cat and looking around behind him constantly as if he expected to see a new cat in the home . I was using only one diffuser in a large apartment over 1100 square feet and it was plugged in in one of the largest and most open rooms of the home . The box said it covers 500-650 square feet , so the diffuser was not being deployed too heavily . After one hour I had to unplug the thing and will return it tomorrow . I fear if I kept it , besides the fact that I do not tolerate it well , that it would permenantly destroy my well-adjusted cat 's personality . I would not recommend this product to any cat owner who has more than one cat , which is one of the primary reasons given on the box for using it at all . I also do not believe it is safe for humans after my experience .
 Bought feliway . Tried it . Bout a week later my house smelt like burnt plastic . Found out it was the diffuser . It was leaking and the diffuser was covered in oil !!! Waste of money . Didnt even calm my 3 cats . At least i found it before it caught my house on fire
 Complete waste of money , at least for my cat . Maybe other cats respond great to this product , but I could tell no difference at all in my cat 's behavior . I got this to help with spraying problems . Made no different whatsoever .
 this did n't effect my cats behavior one way or the other , he totally ignored it . I wo n't repurchase this product
 Perhaps some cats somewhere are calmed by the sense that this provides . However my cats just not respond at all .
 I must admit I had high hopes for this problem . There is nothing wrong with my cat she has been to the vet but she continues to pee everywhere.It was very very expensive and I would not purchase this product again
 I bought this product with the hope that it would help my two cats get along after referred aggression issues -LRB- one can seeing another cat outside the house and taking it out on their fellow house cat because they are unable to get at the cat outside -RRB- . Despite the claims this product makes , it did not seem to provide any benefit to the situation over an extended period of time.It would not surprise me if this product only exists because there are enough desperate people out there with cat behavior issues to create enough anecdotal evidence to keep sales going . It 's like praying - you 're bound to get what you ask for some of time . But that 's just my hunch . I do n't have any more evidence of that than the sellers do that this is scientifically proven to work.In any event , I am not convinced this product is effective and would not purchase it again .
 I purchased this product with the spray and noticed no difference whatsoever in my male cat 's anxiety or hyperactivity . For the price , I would not recommend this .
 The diffuser is absolutely of no use -- and to make matters worse , I was gullible enough to PAY for it . If anything , our two cats seem to have stepped up their urge to scratch and claw the furniture , rugs , etc. . I wonder just how valid the manufacturer 's test results are ; it 's hard to believe that neither of our cats would respond to the `` diffuser . '' Well , we pay a lot for our `` education . '' My advice to other suckers
 This product has a really good rep , but it just did n't work for me . My cat continued to spray . Turns out , he stopped when I got him a really HUGE litterbox , so that was the problem all along .
 I was looking for a product to help with my 2 adult female cats to try to control their attitudes ... Sometimes out of nowhere one or the other will just attack the other ... One has been peeing in the laundry room sink -LRB- how disgusting -RRB- I got it about 2 weeks ago , was excited to plug it in and wait for a change ... Well , I had to throw it away this morning because I smelled something burning , looking all over , I went to the plug in -LRB- which hasnt been messed with - just plugged in and left alone . . Could smell a burning odor , I unplugged it and there was oil all over my hand from it leaking somehow , and it really smelled like it had been on fire.This totally freaked me out and like I said I threw it away and I really cant say I saw a change in my cats from this product . . but I also wasnt able to use the product long enough . With all that said ...
 Read the reviews and took a chance on the product . Arrived quickly as always , read the instructions , put it together , plugged it in . Cat came into the room almost immediately , put his nose in the air as he was catching the scent , then started gagging and ran from the room . Unplugged the unit and tried again another day ... worse reaction the 2nd time . Done , unplugged it and threw it away . Save your money .
 I was really hoping that Feliway would help my two female cats get along better . They tolerate each other , but get into spats daily and I was so hoping that this would calm them down a bit . I did n't expect them to cuddle up together , but hoped at least for SOME result . I purchased two of these diffusers - one for my bedroom , where they sleep all night and one for the living room , where they sleep all day . But I did n't see any difference at all , unfortunately . I guess it was worth a shot , but it just did n't work on my cats . : - -LRB-
 I tried everything to stop a newly adopted 2 year old cat from peeing on the floor . I used 2 Feliway diffusers , the spray and even meds from the vet . In desperation , and on the verge of bringing the cat to a shelter , I tried Cat Attract Kitty Litter . Save your money , try the Cat Attract litter first !
 I bought two Feliway electric diffusers , refills and a spray . It has had no effect on my two cats and the third cat I 'm introducing to the household .
 Got the product once we brought home a new kitten to help the resident cat adjust after a negetive initial reaction . One month later and the hissing and swatting continues . No change at all . Do n't waste your money .
 Well , I had high hopes this would improve relations between two grumpy cats in my household . Unfortunately , we noticed no difference ... in fact , I actually think it made things worse . They went from a hostile stalemate situation , to out-and-out fighting ! I see from all the reviews that this product is helpful to many , though , so maybe we were just unlucky . If you are desperate , it 's worth a try . I would never say that just because it did n't work for us , it wo n't work for someone else .
 I have a cat that suddenly started peeing all over the house few months ago , mostly where the other cat likes to be , and after taking him to the vet he said it could be a health issue , or behavioral . He said we should try some changes in routine to see if it helps and rule out the behavior causing the misbehavior , but it just seems not to end ... There is one more cat in the house , living together since last July , and the two do not really always agree . However peeing started pretty recently . After online research I decided that this plug in was some kind of the miracle products , since countless reviews were all wonderful ... I bought two of them and plugged in most `` endangered '' areas . Apparently it did n't help :-LRB- peeing did n't stop and the disagreements between kitties keep occurring from time to time . I need to go back to the vet since I can not seem to find the solution to my problem . It is really overwhelming to live in a stinky house , tracking new spots , and constantly cleaning ... I am not sure if my cat 's behavior is caused by underlying health issue , and therefore I might not give enough credit to the product , but it does n't work for me . Seems that the money I spent , were spent for nothing .
 Plug it in and the cat backs into it and SPRAYS THE THING . Wasted $ 45.00 on this product at Petsmart . Actually increased the spraying of the male cat I adopted from then shelter . Kitty is a fixed males -- been fixed since early kittenhood -- 4 years old now , age of adoption.My 3 grand worth of new carpet can testify . The whole house is a mess . The vet has recommended Buspar pills and/or tranqs . Was hoping to avoid that , but either we try a pill - it works -- or we haev to sadly return him to shelter . Maybe that was why he was in the shelter to begin with , poor guy . We are crushed .
 I have in the past 10 weeks , spent about $ 400.00 on Feliway diffusers , refills , sprays , and Nature 's Miracle products . After a divorce , my son took the family cats for a few years . I got one of them back this summer . I have a new home and rescued 2 new cats during her time with my son . The `` new '' older cat and my younger alpha cat , have been having a pissing match , literally , since almost the first day . All three are females , fixed , and healthy . None of the above products has made any difference , and I feel they are a waste of money . I have also tried every trick/suggestion found on the internet . My son has moved , so I am now looking for a new home for the older cat . Update ... my mother took her in , and the two of them are living happily together . My younger alpha cat stopped spraying 4 days after she left , and all has been well since .
 The first time I purchased the Feliway difuser and spray products was in 2005 . I have an 1800 sq ft house . In order to cover all the areas including the halls I needed 8 difusers per application . I have an multiple cat household which went from 0 to 8 cats between 2004 and today . That 's what can happen when you volunteer at the local cat shelter and have a soft heart for orphans kittens . They all get along well . The cats are allowed to go outside in their fenced back yard . Problems only seemed to arise when we would introduce a new cat to the home.I do not give up on a product easily . I continued to purchase this product because it was supposedly the best one of its kind on the market according to my vet and other cat people I consulted . I estimate that by the time I stopped buying this product after I had spent well over $ 1200 between 2005 and 2009 . I still have some unused product . It simply does not do what it claims it will do . In addition , the dispenser is poorly designed . The plug in is heat acitvated and the wicking device that carries the fluid up to the dispenser part is too short . Therefore a significant amount of the product never gets distributed . When you are paying so much for so little product -LRB- 48 ml -RRB- this is unacceptable .
 I am keeping my daughter 's two male neutered cats for a while . I have a female neutered cat . All are 4 years old . I set up 2 litter boxes and 2 feeding stations in different rooms right away . You can not imagine the horrible yowling , screaming , growling noises they make . I have to say , there have been only 2 very minor wounds with all the fights they have gotten into , so I feel most of this is posturing . Anyway , my vet -LRB- in whom I have much confidence -RRB- recommended Feliway . After someone urinated on my bed , I got the diffuser with 6 refills . Each refill lasts about 28 days . I ca n't say if this really helped . They usually meet at the diffuser to start their fights , which does not give me much confidence . But , there were no other episodes of urinating anywhere but litter boxes . It 's all used up now . My cat and one of her 's -LRB- the stupid one -RRB- seem to be tolerating one another . The smart one has n't given up yet . I do n't plan to buy anymore , but I am hanging on the diffuser for a while longer , just in case .
 I was hoping that this would stop my 5 month old kittens from peeing on my couch . My 15 year old cat had had an accident there before she passed away , and I cleaned it thoroughly . I ca n't smell it anymore , but I guess they can . I had them checked for health problems , but apparently , they 're fine . The Feliway might work if they were trying to mark the couch , but I think they just like it better than the litter . So , I 'm trying other things -- multiple litter boxes , different litter , 10 different cleaners . Sigh !
 Although I received the product fast the product did not result in any changes with my cat . The reason I bought the product was because I was joining 2 adult cats together in the same apartment . Both are female and very protective . I bought the product to help calm the cats . I saw no change . One of the cats has a problem with marking her territory . I saw no change in that . All in all I will not buy this product again .
 My female cat likes to pee on rugs . Her name is `` Pea '' but apparently she misunderstood the spelling -LRB- oh if I only knew then what I know now , I certainly would have picked a different name ! -RRB- Anyway - in times of stress -LRB- new cat in the household , bladder infection , owners going on vacation , etc -RRB- she starts peeing on throw rugs around the house . Trouble is , once the stress is removed , she still keeps peeing on the rugs.I tried Feliway -LRB- both spray and diffusers -RRB- a couple of years ago , when we had a new cat in the house . It did n't really work - but then again , the new cat had started to terrorize both of our existing cats , so I did n't blame the Feliway - I figured it was just too great of a stress . Ultimately we found a new home for the other cat , but my female still peed on the rugs . I figured by then it had become habit rather than stress - so I stopped using Feliway and got some Contech StayAway canisters instead -LRB- those work great ! -RRB- A few months ago , my cat had a bladder infection and started peeing in the basement - and then on rugs again . And , as usual , continued to do so , even after the infection was cleared up . Had to pull out the StayAway canisters again.Shortly after that I went away for a business trip and thought I 'd give Feliway another try . Maybe if only I was absent and the cats still had their regular routine , Feliway would prevent the peeing in the first place . I put out a couple of diffusers ahead of time -LRB- which they say to do , to give it time to disperse and start working its calming magic -RRB- and had my husband use the spray on the kitchen rug , which is too busy an area to use the StayAway . Covering all the bases - giving it the best chance to work . Unfortunately , my cat 's will to pee was stronger than all of that . She would not be deterred!But still - I wanted to believe this stuff would work , and would if nothing else make the cats more mellow . So , when we went on a weekend getaway , we tried again . This time , we pulled up all the throw rugs before we left , and did n't put them back down right away when we returned - while leaving the diffusers in place . Did it work ? Well we took all the targets away , and the cats did n't pee on anything else , so I suppose that 's a victory . And they were both VERY affectionate . But when we took down the diffusers after a week or 10 days , `` Pee '' lived up to her name again . So , it was with glee that I hid some of the StayAway canisters and waited for them to blast her -LRB- the cats know to look for them , but I wanted the element of suprise to hopefully cure her of the habit without a visible deterrent -RRB- Moral of the story ? Feliway probably does make the cats more mellow and less anxious , but it does n't stop a determined pee-er . Also , do n't name your cat something that sounds like a bad behavior .
 Plugged it in and this product has had zero effect on my cat after several weeks of being in use . He still claws and scratches , and rubs as much as he used to .
 I purchased this product after a friend recommended it , saying they had great results with this diffuser . However , after almost 5 weeks in I have yet to see any change in my cat . All instructions were followed , it 's plugged in near the spot she keeps urinating in and yet continues to do so . Her general behavior is still the same as well.Perhaps my animal is just the 5 % who this product does n't affect - but for a twenty dollar and higher product , I 'd expect some sort of results .
 Just did n't work for my cats . My one cat did not calm down at all . The others seemed indifferent about the whole thing . Definitely no calming in my house due to this product .
 This had zero effect on my kittens . Maybe it works better once animals are fixed and do n't have any pheromones at play determining social structure and all of that . My kittens had to be kept completely separate for the first two months , and I was praying this would not cure the problem , but at the very least ease the tension a bit . I had it plugged in right by the cat tree , and I saw no effect either way in those two months . I finally removed it once it was dried up , and the kittens have come to terms with eachother on their own . Maybe there 's a psychosomatic effect when the owners think that this little white dome in the wall is going to cure all ills , or perhaps , as I said , it could not compete with my female kitten 's pre-spay hormones . I 'd say give it a shot only if it 's on sale , and just start off with one . It was worth a try , I suppose .
 I purchased this brand new and still in the sealed packaging , but at a discount , because I saw both positive and negative reviews on Amazon.com . I figured if it did n't work spending 20 bucks is less frustrating than blowing 40 . Well , I plugged it in RIGHT WHERE MY NEUROTIC SPAYED FEMALE WAS URINATING , and no dice . I recommend buying it CHEAP so that if it does n't work , you do n't want to bang your head against the wall - at least not over the price .
 We have two cats and this product did n't work for either . I just wanted to use the word disappointing but we had to do at least 20 words for the review . I wasted my money now I 'm wasting my time .
 I got this for my cat , it did not work for me ... he still meows way too much he 's constantly hungry even after a full bowl , he still pees on the rug and he still uses my leather seats as a scratching post even after a month of using this product ... does it work ? I do n't know ... what i do know is it did `` t work for me ...
 I did n't notice any changes , even when I used it alone . Maybe I needed more than one , but for the price , which is cheaper than in the pet stores , I 'm not going to try multiples .
 I have 6 cats and this product is useless . None of them care about it . If you want to make your cat happy , buy them some Greenies , a LitterRobot , catnip , give them a window and affection . I consider this product a waste of money .
 I live in an apartment with a loft and the loft has wooden railings all around it . My cat LOVED to make those his personal scratching post . I bought one of those stupid emory cat boards which he will not touch , I wrapped the railings in saran wrap and foil which he still shredded through , then I bought this as a last ditch effort before getting him declawed because a vet I called recommended it , SWORE it would work , SWORE they had TONS of clients use it and love it . I 've had it over a month , and got my cat declawed last week.Nuff said .
 I have a 15 year old neutered male cat and recently rescued a young female kitty . I got her spayed and slowly introduced them to one another over several weeks . The female is very energetic and gets in the male 's face and swats him every couple of days . He just looks bewildered and runs away . I have feliway units in three different rooms and have been using them for about 5 weeks . Her aggression and his anxiety have not seemed to change significantly since using the Feliway . I will try them for another two months because I bought several refill units , but thus far I have not noticed an improvement after using the product .
 Well , its uz hot to the touch and it has n't really seemed to help my cat with her tension . Maybe she just does n't have a problem that Feliway can help . Anyway , I 'm not too thrilled . Speedy delivery though !
 I read the previous reviews on the product which made it sound so good ... before I committed to buy over $ 100 worth including the 2 difusers and refills from this order - Dont waste your money ... I have not seen any change in my 2 most agressive cats they are still fighting and marking where ever they want - by the way they are two spayed females in a home with 11 other spayed or neutered cats , in fact they have now started to attack some of the other cats . it sounded so good I am very disappointed it did n't work and its been a month ...
 This thing triggered really bad asthma symptoms in me , so we had to stop using it . I 'm in pretty good health normally , but with this thing plugged in I could hardly breathe.If you think you might be susceptible you should get the spray-on version instead , or try another approach .
 I understand a lot of people say Feliway has helped at their house , but it was n't the answer for our cat.Although I installed a pair of plug-ins when our 8-year-old neutered male began spraying inside the house , my wife and I saw no change in his behavior . We believe the problem was triggered by the December death of the male who ruled our house ... now the 8-year-old is the male in charge , and he was marking his new territory.The spraying did n't stop until we put him on prescription meds -- he 's on Prozac , compounded into a topical cream at a local pharmacy and rubbed into one ear each night . Now that he 's not spraying , the plan is to gradually lower the dose until he 's off it.And hope he does n't feel as though he needs to establish his territory anymore ...
 Well , after reading all the reviews on this product , I decided to give it a try to see if it would help with my male cat 's tendancy to pee everywhere but the litterbox . Not only did it have ZERO effect on my cat with the behavioral issue , it had ZERO effect on my young female kitty as well . -LRB- She has no behavioral issues -RRB- I was talking to my mom about the product and come to find out that they had tried it with my Grandma 's new cat -LRB- at the time -RRB- a couple of years ago . Apparently Grandma 's cat was rather high strung and always chasing people down the halls . So , my mom got this same product to see if it would calm Sissy down and she said it did n't work for her either.All in all , it sounds like this product works really well for some people which is great . I hate that it did n't work for me but I can say for the price I was willing to give it a shot ! Good luck !
 I used this product -LRB- for 5 months - I think I gave it a good try -RRB- and it did n't make a bit of difference except in my bank account . Maybe it 'd work for mildly neurotic cats , but if you have a Siameese -LRB- those who own one know how intensely high strung and easily stressed out they can get -RRB- - I 'll spare you the suspense and tell you it does not work . The only thing I 've found that works is kitty prozac . Controversial as it may be , it 's better than the shelter . Call your vet - a moth 's supply is about 8.00 .
 After her last UTI , my cat was consistently peeing on the floor next to the litter box , instead of inside it . My veterinarian suggested a Feliway diffuser . I tried it for the full 4 weeks , as recommended on the package , and it had no effect whatsoever . Moreover , each bottle of liquid only lasted 2 weeks , not 4 weeks as stated on the package , meaning I had to buy a refill just to complete the recommended 4 weeks . These things apparently work well for some problems , but it undoubtedly depends strongly on the root cause of the behavior . Another veterinarian later told me these things are `` hit or miss . '' I can vouch for that .
 We had high hopes for this product but my cat peed next to the unit ! My sister bought one also and hers did not stop the problem either .
 I really wanted this product to work for my cat , especially based on all the positive reviews here . I noticed ZERO difference in my cat 's behavior . I 'm glad it works for some animals , but I will not recommend this and not use it again .
 When I first plugged the diffuser in , the cats seemed to relax . But I do n't know that it makes any difference at all , really . The wild cats are still wild , and one of them still pees in inappropriate places . I guess I expected too much . My allergies do seem worse , though , so it 's doing something .
 My cat recently started urinating on our bed after we left for work in the mornings . At first I thought it was an accident or that something was wrong with her . Well , nothing Is wrong with her physically and she is still urinating on our bed when the opportunity presents itself -- which is n't very often anymore . We 've been keeping her out of our bedroom when we are n't in there lately . In any case , I started using Comfort Zone about a week ago and I have to say that so far , I have seen ABSOLUTELY NO CHANGE IN HER BEHAVIOR . I hope things will get better , but based on all the reviews I 've read , people have seen behavior changes right away . Unfortunately this is not the case with my situation . I am still optimistic , but cautious . Will keep you updated shortly . Kelly of Philly .
 I bought this to ease the territory as I moved in with my fiance , his 2 and my 2 . We followed all the directions about easing 2 sets of cats into a new home , took our time over weeks . It did not work . I bought this to help ease the aggression and it seemed to do absolutely nothing . At first I placed it in a small room with one cat who was an indoor/outdoor and now very stressed about his indoor existence and initial isolation , it did nothing to ease or calm him . Later once I integrated the cats I placed the plug in the small living room next to a highly trafficked bottlenecked area where all cats had to pass to get to food and litter ... . again I noticed no significant improvement on cat behavior . I used it until it was gone , about a month . I do cat rescue and work with cats a lot so I have some understanding of cat behavior and cat colony issues .
 My cat continues to mark in the room I plugged it into . Also - he seems to be even more on edge since I plugged it in . Now he seems to be looking around for another cat all the time .
 We 've invested in these for over a year and I wish they worked better . We have 2 spayed cats to whom we give nothing but love , but who have been peeing angrily on our furniture , luggage , and possessions in the past few months in reaction to our toddler . I just watched in horror as my cat fully emptied her bladder in my purse , which had my laptop in it . It was sitting on the floor right in front of the Feliway diffuser . Given how serious this inappropriate elimination problem is -LRB- I am so angry and upset right now -RRB- , you would hope that some big bucks could buy a real solution , but that is not the case over here .
 I foster cats for the local shelter and bought the diffuser last year when I had a batch of just caught feral kittens without a mother . It seemed to help calm them so I could tame them and I used it for a month . This year I have a new batch of almost feral kittens and bought a refill for the diffuser . Luckily I went into the cat room after it had been plugged in for about 2 hours . It was overheating and the plastic had that smell you get when you leave your plastic spoon too close to the flame on the gas stove and it 's melting and getting ready to ignite . When I called the company the rep seemed pretty unconcerned that their product could have set my house on fire & killed the kittens , but they did offer to send me a refund or a new diffuser if I sent the old one back to them at my expense . She also said that they recommend replacing the diffuser every 6 months -- something I do n't remember reading , but it could be in the product insert . So , I 've found that the pheromone does work , but I do n't trust the diffusers .
 when l bought the product , unfortunately l did not check for Australian compliance . When it arrived l realised that it had an American plug . I bought an adapter for use in Australia and then plugged it in . It was only the burning smell of plastic that alerted us to the fact that it was literally melting into a plastic puddle on the floor . I therefore have no idea whether it works .
 I first bought Farnam Comfort Zone Feliway about six months ago . I was amazed at how it stopped my neutered male cats from spraying urine on my furniture , curtains , walls , etc. . Anywhere but the litter boxes . I could relax and open doors to let fresh air and my boy cats in the house . I do n't know what happened but the product stopped working after six months . I bought new diffusers too . In fact , the objects nearest the plug-in diffusers are now getting sprayed the most . This includes my Christmas tree and my poor living room sofa , which I 'm going to have to get rid of . So now I 'm back to feeding my male cats and shoving them out of the house before they 've chewed their last bite . The only good thing about this is I 'm going to save myself about $ 35 a month by NOT buying Farnam Comfort Zone Feliway .
 Or 12 yr . old male American short-hair has always been anti-social and a little bonkers . Bonkers I can live with - but he recently began `` marking '' in one specific area of our home . He spends most of his day in the master bedroom , but would venture out to eat , use the litter box , and pee in the corner of my office . We placed the product in his favorite room where he literally spends 75 % of his life . He no longer marks the office . Now he pees in the corner of our Master Bedroom . This is not an improvement in his behavior by any definition . Anyone want a cat ?
 I 'm sorry to say that this product did not work for our cat . This was our last resort after trying so many ways to stop him from spraying . I wish there were some way to keep stray cats out of our yard . I think this added to his problem .
 This product was pure hype ... did absolutely NOTHING positive for my cat ... they should give us our money back !!!
 I bought nine of these things -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B00008GQ4 C Farnam Comfort Zone Plug-in with Feliway for Cats -LRB- 48-ml bottle & plug-in -RRB- -RSB- -RSB- for my house and put them in almost every room . My male cat marked under one and a couple weeks later about two feet away from another . I was hoping that this , combined with emptying the litter everyday , would solve my problems and save my new house . I have had to put my cat outside and have him cry at the door all day breaking my heart . I was looking for a magic bullet and this was n't it .
 It could n't stop my cat from peeing everywhere . My cat even did pee on this diffuser . T-T Keep your money .
 My vet highly recommeded . I started with one and not much difference . Vet is so convinced they work I bought more to cover square footage . So far it does not work . Cat still sprays multiple times a day . I was having some luck with spray version but all cat did was pick new areas or adjacent areas . $ 250 later it does not work for us . We had no choice but to drug kitty and that is not even working . Last step is to gate her off to one room 24/7 . 3 months of cleaning cat pee daily is no way to live . Invest in puppy wee wee pads as cat visits same locations . This entire experience has cost us over $ 1000 in supplies and vet visits , not including replacement of wall to wall and damaged items . NEVER get a third cat !
 So , I bought the diffuser just about a month ago and I am not really sensing calmness in my cats . I think you have to put a diffuser in every single room of the house , but I hate to spend that much money if it still does n't work .
 My vet recommended this to me because my cats are peeing in the house instead of the litter box . They are still doing it so I am not sure if this product really works .
 This did not work for solving any cat issues . I purchased it to relieve stress of a new environment . It took me awhile to figure out what was burning when the plastic the feliway is contained in melted and all the liquid poured out onto the floor . It smelled like my house was burning down , luckily I found it before it actually did . Waste of money !
 I hate to give this one star because of my reaction but for some reason this made me feel very sick . I do n't know if I inhaled too much when attaching the diffuser to the open bottle but shortly after plugging this in I started feeling very odd . I 'm talking just minutes . I kept going back to the package to read the information to see if there were any warnings . It says not to get it on your skin but I did n't see anything about inhaling it.I was confused at first , thinking it was just coincidence but I went from feeling fine to feeling pretty sick once I opened and plugged this in . It could be coincidence but I 'm not taking a chance . I unplugged it and recapped the bottle and I did start feeling better . All told , I probably had it plugged in for 10 minutes . I had some windows open and I was sitting fairly close to the diffuser , probably about 6-7 feet away . It was a very humid evening and the air was heavy . Not sure if that had any effect on how the product worked.Symptoms included mild chest tightness , feeling lightheaded , mild throat irritation and cough and mild eye irritation . I have had both bronchitis and pneumonia but it 's been years and years . Nothing devastating but enough to cause some concern.I do n't think that 's a common reaction however .
 the product did n't work for me or my cat . he is still biting the crap out of me . my daughter is having trouble with her two cats fighting . she bought it also and an $ 800 vet bill to fix up one cat after a fight , it 's not worth throwing away your hard earned money.it may work for some peoplebut , comfort zone with feliway diffuser for catsdid n't work for us .
 Got 3 of these because we were moving to a new house with 2 cats . We had 1 indoor cat and 1 indoor/outdoor cat.We thought since we were moving from country to city , that the outdoor cat would have to stay indoors full time . We bought these hoping to make the transition easier . We plugged one in on each floor . After 2 days they started to smell like they were burning . We unplugged them all and have n't used them since . We let the outdoor cat out supervised for a while . Then let him stay out for a few hours at a time . He learned the neighborhood quickly and always comes back -LRB- even knocks on the door when he wants in -RRB- . I do n't think we needed these at all . I am trying to get a refund , but I may be out of the refund window .
 I am very sorry to say this just did n't work for us . I have a 4 year old cat the started `` marking '' areas . This had no effect .
 New home and cat was really distressed . I think the previous owners also had animals so my cat was `` marking '' her teritory . This did not help . I would not recomment this product .
 My cat has been under stress & urinating outside the box . The vet ruled out any sort of bladder or kidney problems , so I thought I 'd try this . I have two of the diffusers plugged in & am also using the spray . It has had absolutely no effect after almost a month . What a waste of money .
 I wish I could say that it worked . But it did n't . I have three difusers set up -LRB- 2 in the living room and one in the kitchen -RRB- . The cat is still spraying . I 'm taking him to the vet this Saturday for an anti-anxiety med and hope that that works .
 Maaaayybeeee it worked a little bit ... almost impossible to discern . Our problem was this
 My vet recommended this to help out sooth cat nerves . Did n't do much for that . Do have to say that the diffuser is well made , so no qualms there .
 I 've been using this product for almost 3 months . It says that it sometimes takes that long for it to fully work.I got it because my cats have never gotten along , and they fight at least once per day . The one who is not the aggressor seems so anxious as a result -LRB- extremely skittish and hesitant whereas she was n't prior to getting the other -RRB- that she does not use her litterbox.I got the second cat about 2 years ago , so maybe it 's too late for them , but bottom line is it did n't work for me so I ca n't give it a high mark . They MIGHT be fighting a little less frequently than before , and with less intensity -LRB- they 're easier to separate
 I read so many reviews on this product that were positive , I was excited thinking something like this could help our `` house of feline unrest '' but what a complete waste of money . It has done nothing to calm the blind cat we have , nor the very timid cat . The most agressive cat who is mostly the whole problem , is not 1 % different and all 4 cats get nothing but 200 % love ; affection and all their needs met in a calm and peaceful environment . Anyway , I 'm glad I bought it here and not at the vet as it was twice the price and it would have been just that much more disappointing . I 've even tried moving it from one room to another -LRB- the main room -RRB- in hopes that was the issue . Sorry to have purchased but had it worked , would have happily paid for the refills monthly .
 I expected to see my cats behaving a little bit better or to see my scary cat a little more calm when he sees people but there were no changes at all . I have 8 cats and none of them reacted any different with this product . It was a waste of money for me .
 This was recommended by my vet . Unfortunately , it had no effect on my cats . Perhaps mine are just immune ...
 I was hoping Feliway would ` mellow ' one of my cats that was being extremely aggressive towards a new cat I introduced into the household . Two diffusors and two refills , and I saw no signs whatsoever of any change in her mood/attitude . For this particular situation , Feliway did n't work at all .
 I read tons and tons of reviews of this product and decided to take a chance on it . Well that chance did not pay off . Even in combination with the spray model my cat continued to spray everywhere . If anyone else has ideas for something that does work i would really appreciate it .
 I purchased four of these for our home with three cats . I am not able to tell if it ever worked because within two weeks , the walls above the diffusers were stained with a sheen/oily appearance . They were not placed near any sort of airflow or blocking furniture but rather in unobstructed outlets in open areas . So far , with one washing , the sheen remains . DO NOT BUY .
 I have two cats , and neither of them had any noticeable changes in behavior when the diffuser was in use . I used up the entire cartridge , and when it ran out I decided to wait a couple of weeks and observe for any changes before buying another cartridge . The cats continued to behave in the same manner they always did -- before , during , and after this diffuser was used . This may be a miracle product for some , but honestly I feel like it 's just a gimmick ... I 'm just glad I decided to wait before buying a refill ; it would have been a waste of money .
 I wanted to help my new cat come out of hiding , and read that this is one of the feline problems this product can take care of . I left the diffuser in until if was used up , and had the cat enclosed in one room -LRB- she hid under the bed and would only come out at night when no one was around to eat , etc. -RRB- . I did n't want our other cat to bother her because she was scared all the time . Anyway , it did not work . It did nothing . I wondered about the positive reviews on the Internet - were they from actual customers ? At any rate I 'm glad I bought this on Amazon - I saved $ 25.00 . These cost $ 50.00 in the stores ! Shopping at Amazon makes actual store shopping seem primitive .
 I bought two of these diffusers -LRB- as well as the spray -RRB- because our two cats , who had been through two duty station moves with us while my husband was in the military , suddenly began to urinate all over our new rental house -LRB- which we 'd just signed a 2 year lease on ! -RRB- . I 'd heard that the diffusers release pheromones that produce feline facial `` relaxation '' feelings , and grew hopeful that this would help eliminate the problem , as the vet could find no physical problems with either cat . I plugged them into the rooms that the cats seemed drawn to , doused the rooms with enzyme cleaners specifically designed to rid all former animal scents , and hoped my furry little friends would revert to using their litterboxes again . No such luck ! The diffusers were a disappointment , and now we are likely going to have to adopt the cats out -LRB- which we 've had for nearly 7 years -RRB- because they will not stop urinating in the house . I 'm heartbroken , and frustrated that I spent so much money on a virtually useless product .
 Ca n't say it worked for me , but could have been my cats . What worked was completely replacing all the litter boxes and the litter - basically starting all over . That stopped my problem . I wo n't need to use this product .
 After dealing with my cat peeing on the dining room floor for months , I bought this product out of desperation . I was impressed with the positive reviews and figured it was worth a shot . Unfortunately this product did not work . Actually , I ca n't say there was any effect at all.But , obviously it has worked for some people so I 'm glad I tried it out .
 this was an overpriced , useless , over-hyped product . Did nothing close to what it promised . After spending $ 49 , ended up trashing both feliways .
 Alas , this had no discernable effect on my cats . However , the product arrived in good time and in good shape .
 This product did n't really do much to ease our cat 's nerves . In fact , they seemed to get worse . The cats smelled something immediately , but it did n't have the effect we were told it would . A lot of expense for little effect . I would try other methods first .
 Sadly , this stuff not only did n't help , things seemed to get worse after I plugged it in . I adopted a semi feral cat last November . She is extremely shy . She wo n't let anyone pet her or pick her up . I also have an older female who is very upset with her new little `` sister '' . After the feliway was plugged in , the new cat became very aggressive with my older cat , which in turn put her in a higher state of stress . Plus , the new cat has not become any more relaxed near people . She will weave in and out of my legs at feeding time , but she has always done that.There has been a lot of drama around here since I added the plugin . I was determined to give it a chance to kick in , but weeks later there is no improvement .
 We got this with the hopes that it would deter our one cat from urinating in a specific spot on the carpet , but it did not appear to have any effect whatsoever . Like one other reviewer mentioned , maybe our cat is determined to spray in this spot , but I do n't necessary believe that to be the case . For the price , I expected better results .
 This was a complete diappointment . In fact , my cat seems to now be totally unstressed about scent marking in the same location - even though the product is situated in the immediate area . Perhaps I just have a determined cat , but I would not recommend this product .
 Thsi product was horrible , after only a few days of being plugged in , it smelled like it was on fire and I immediately removed from the outlet and returned to seller ! Be careful with this !
 I have one cat that is so stressed she has started to pull out her fur and hide in the litter box . I really ca n't tell that this product has helped any . She is still doing the same behaviors , despite the Feliway , and vet prescribed anti-anxiety meds . I really do n't know what to do . My other cat has bouts of nighttime senility , where he roams the house meowing . The Feliway does n't seem to have helped him either . I have been using it for a month now , and expected to see some change by now ...
 ... For our problem.We purchased one of these in order to help curb our male cat 's indoor spraying tendencies . He 's an outlier , neutered but still sprays . And he loved to spray all over this diffuser . Continually , until it was an unusable mess .
 I have four cats and one likes to pee at the front door , this product did not deter my cat from pee in his favor spot .
 We have a six year old male Tabby . We sometimes have stray cats come to the back door in the basement and we think this causes our cat to pee on the carpet . Also since we 've moved into our home four years ago , our cat can be not so nice to visitors -LRB- even frequent visitors ... Myles will rub against someone while purring and if he 's pet , within seconds he may start hissing -RRB- . He has anxiey issues -LRB- if we are gone for a few days , we will find kitty vomit throughout the house , even if we have family come to check on him -RRB- . He will occassionally attack my wife out of nowhere -LRB- randomattacks are preceded by the airplane ears -RRB- . He really does n't do that stuff to me , with the exception of what seem to be little nibbles on my leg if I 'm not paying attention . For the most part he is exremely affectionate with my wife and I -LRB- especially me ... if I 'm home he 's usually up my butt one way or another , following me , laying on my lap or in between my legs when laying down , etc -RRB- . So symptoms above are what I was trying to alleviate . I bought two of these , one for our living room -LRB- where guests are mostly when they come over -RRB- and one for the basement to curb the behavior down there . Plugged in for not even three whole days , and after leaving the house for two hours to get an oil change , we find he has urinated all over our dining room rug -LRB- literally seemed like he emptied his bladder on it -RRB- which is over a hard wood floor . Rug is ruined and we do n't know about the floor yet -LRB- cleaning as I 'm writing this review -RRB- . Myles has never peed anywhere other than the basement carpet , which was very rare anyway . It almost seems like he did not want to use the catbox -LRB- in the basement close to where this thing was plugged in -RRB- , so he found a place where nothing was plugged in -LRB- same level as the other diffuser , two rooms over -RRB- . This is absolutely not a coincidence . Diffusers are now unplugged and caps back on the bottles . My wife will be calling Monday to get our money back and to seek compensation for our $ 200 rug that is now ruined.This may work for other cats , but in my eyes it is a scam -LRB- peeing where there are no diffusers ... am I expected to buy one for every damn room in the house ? -RRB- .
 I PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT TO CALM MY CAT AFTER A MOVING INTO ANOTHER APARTMENT . IT DID N'T SEEM TO MAKE ANY DIFFERENCE ! SHE IS STILL HIDING UNDER MY BED AND DOES N'T COME OUT UNTIL SHE USE HER CAT BOX OR EAT !
 I should have listened to my sister , the vet tech , instead of people who swear by this stuff . I see no noticeable improvement , but it was worth a try . Next step Valium ... for me AND the cat !! : -RRB-
 I tried using the spray as well as 2 bottles Plug ins . They were expensive , but since I recently moved , I was hoping it will help alleviate some problems . My cat still meows like crazy and urinated everywhere -LRB- he 's neutured -RRB- . I tried for 3 weeks and gave up . It seems like it works for some cats and does n't on others . I 'm the unlucky one I guess . Luckily my other cat has always been just fine . I just did n't see any differences when I used the product since the problem did n't get better at all , and it felt like a big waste of money .
 I read a few reviews of this product before purchasing , which claimed that this product worked wonders and had no odor . Since I was about to spread an airborne cat hormone product into my household , that was my main concern , closely followed by mentions that it had aggravated some allergies at the same time.Well , it did n't have an odor . And , thank goodness , it did not make my husband 's allergies worse . Of course , it also did n't work.Very simple to use , just unscrew the cap , screw onto the diffuser , plug in and leave . It claims to last four weeks , but mine lasted two . Also , because of the size of the diffuser , you ca n't plug it into the top of the duplex and expect to use the bottom of the duplex with another plug ; you also ca n't plug it in the bottom and use a plug on top unless you do n't care about the other plug getting really greasy with cat phermones . Ick . After just two hours of plugging something else in , it was about ready to drip ... probably not great since liquid + electricity does n't usually end well . We did have a piece of furniture just six inches from the product and did not have any problems with the Feliway being greasy on it.Now about it not working ... our cat has had separation anxiety since my husband stopped working from home . She peed on the couch regularly -LRB- among other places -RRB- , about once in the morning , once at night , and sometimes another time or two just for fun . Do n't be fooled - she has a litter box and does use it occasionally when she feels like it , and she knows when she had done wrong because she will slink through the house and we go on red alert to find the latest stain.The day after we plugged it in , I noted that she peed three times on the furniture . The next day was four . Then back to three . This continued for the next few weeks , with some pooping on the floor as well . But still once in a while in the box , just to prove she was doing it on purpose . I 'd have to say that it was totally unsuccessful .
 I discovered new urine marking overnight the first night the diffuser was plugged in , then four days later . This is about the same frequency as before the product . The product composed mostly of ethanol . The other ingredients are `` a mixture of fatty acids or derivatives thereof and a compound of vegetal origin '' . The vegetal orgin compound is Valerian . The company wants you to believe these ingredients simulate cat cheek secretions . Feliway also claims that cheek smell on an object will prevent cats from peeing on that surface . Furthermore , Feliway claims the cheek smell will generally calm cats.There is no US government agency verifying this company 's claims , certifying the ingredients , or even guaranteeing that synthesis of cat pheromones by fatty acids and Valerian is possible . The product did not work for my cats and I believe it is a scam .
 I have five cats and after using this product , plug-ins and sprays , for three months , there was no change in any cat . Spraying one still sprays , nervous one is still nervous .
 I 'm very disappointed . This product has not made any change in my cat 's behavior . I ordered 2 Diffusers and 2 refills , I would like to return the unopened diffuser and refill .
 I do n't even know if this thing worked . Did n't seem to calm down the kitties at all . I think it 's just one of those things that works great or it does n't for me I did n't think it worked .
 I noticed absolutely no difference using this diffuser . My nervous kitty is still as freaky as ever . He 's not any worse but not any better either .
 Could just be my cat , but he did n't respond to the hole plug in thing . I tried it for almost 2 month and nothing .
 It does not work at all . I donot smell any thing , probably my cats do not smell it either . They just sat in front of it and Pee .
 Our -LRB- neutered -RRB- cat , who had been happy , well-adjusted and never destructive recently started marking/spraying in our new home . He is still affectionate and playful and has n't seemed stressed at all . However , the spraying continued . We got this product based on the claims that it reduced or eliminated spraying . DO N'T BELIEVE A WORD OF IT ! The spraying has actually increased dramatically while using this product including five times just this morning while prior to using the product it was once maybe every three or four days . It seems this product has worked for some to calm their cats but I can tell you that the claims of controlling spraying seem to be completely unfounded . I would NEVER consider purchasing this product again .
 I ordered this product on 9/28/07 I never received it . I e-mailed them serveral times with responses that they would send it out again overnight . I asked for tracking # 's but never received them I finally at the end of Oct asked for a refund which they did give me . I ca n't belive that I never got the product .
 When I received the little bottle was licking , so I wrote to Amazon.com , they answered me and wanted to send another bottle , they asked if to the same address , but then I was ill for several days and I could n't answer them back , when I finally did , there was no answer from Amazon . So , I still do n't know if the product works because I did n't want to plug it with the licking bottle ... I 'm ratting the product with just 2 stars , anyway I would like to try it and maybe try the spray too .
 I bought one of these and it didnt work on my cat . I also bought a second one hoping it would help . It did not , so I gave the cat to my Chinese neighbors and they Wok-ked him for dinner . No more Problems .
 I have 5 cats , all who got along very well as they were from the same litter . When I adopted another cat 2 years later , it messed up the `` balance '' , and everyone started hissing at each other.I tried Feliway because of all the great reviews I read on a couple websites . I used the product for 21/2 months , but finally decided to stop . My cats had always used their litterbox -LRB- even with the newcomer in the house because they had separate litterboxes -RRB- . A couple days after I plugged in the Feliway , they started peeing on the rug in the living room , on the couch , the sofa bed , and finally in my own bed !! I tried everything to get them to stop , even to the point of throwing out all my bedding , yet nothing stopped them . The hissing got worse , they started having little `` cat fights '' -LRB- which they had never had before -RRB- and after 21/2 months , I finally unplugged the 2 Feliways I had purchased -LRB- note that I changed the refill every 30 days as suggested -RRB- . It 's been a week now , and things are a little better , but not back to the way it was before Feliway . I think it will take some time . My advice to you
 We have an older cat that we have had for 10 years and recently took in a 1 year old stray cat . Our older cat is scared of the new cat and stressed out . She has started going to the bathroom outside of the litter box -LRB- which she has NEVER done before -RRB- . The new cat is extremely energetic and playful.I bought Feliway Comfort Zone because a friend recommended it to me -LRB- so I know some people have success with it-hence two stars -RRB- . Nothing has changed in my cats . At first I was hopeful because as soon as I plugged the thing in , the cats were sniffing it . Unfortunately , their behavior did n't change at all . My older cat is as stressed out as ever . At this point , I 'm just crossing my fingers that they 'll eventually get used to each other.I 'm happy if this product worked for you , but for me it was a waste of 30 bucks . If you try it , just keep in mind that it may or may not work for your cat -LRB- s -RRB- .
 Tried the diffuser and refills at various times , always hoping to modify bad kitty behavior and spraying . My vet suggested we try it . It was in a bedroom far smaller than 650 sq ft , but never noticed any changes of any type in the cats ' behavior.But , I 'm much more sociable and do n't hiss or mark my territory anymore .
 I bought this when we got a new kitten , in hopes that it would help our older cat adapt . Within a few days of plugging it in , I started to get the absolute worst allergy attacks of my life . I was completely miserable . I did n't attribute it to the Feliway at first , I thought that it might be an allergy to our new kitten or something . Finally after a week or so of being so miserable I could hardly stand it , I realized that the allergies started when I plugged the Feliway in , so I unplugged it and within 24 hours the allergies were gone . I immediate threw away the Feliway and I will never use one again . I also did n't really see any noticeable effect on our cats in the time that I used it . Overall this was a dissapointing waste of my money .
 My vet recommended this , but told me that she 's seen mixed success . Some people see an immediate impact , others do n't . It was an attempt to calm my 1 year old cat , which is very skittish and keeps licking her fur off . It does n't seem to have any effect .
 Our Lab puppy loved this ball but chewed up the outer ball the first day .
 I love this maker . Casual Canine has really high quality polos for dogs . I have purchased several of their polos online and at boutiques . They are typically cheaper online at around $ 13-15 .00 . You can pay as much as $ 25 in speciality boutiques . They are thick , colorful , and sturdy . They wash well and retain their color -- little to no fading . However , I recently ordered the chateau pink polo and it does not quite measure up to their normal standards of quality . The pink is muted and unappealing . It does not look at all as pictured . I have this polo in neon green , grass green , royal blue , basic blue , and purple . I am returning this color because it is not very attractive .
 This back pack definitely does n't work for larger or stronger dogs . The straps are made of a cheap material that easily stretches and does n't stay tight . I would n't use this as a primary lead , as it will very easily loosen or tear .
 Unfortunately , while the shape and function are fine , the container is not sealed well . Bottom is molded and cracks and it is multiple plastic pieces . All of this leaves gaps for ants to get at food . If ants or freshness are not issues for you , then it should be fine . But I expected at least a good seal from a rubbermaid product .
 I was looking for a pack to put on my dog to make his walks a little more fulfilling . This fit on him just fine . He 's a 35 + lb pit bull . It looked silly on him though , and the pocket is barely big enough to hold even a cellphone . I 'm not sure what they mean when they say up to 15 lbs . It does n't hold that much and it 's adjustable enough to fit dogs much bigger than that . In all , item just was n't as described . I 'm sending mine back .
 I purchased this for my 9 month-old Chinese Crested Hairless dog which weighs 14 pounds . I purchased a medium and it fit very loosely . The straps constantly slip and loosen up . I ended up making a small stitch near the clasp so it would not slide and loosen the straps . This really does not function as a harness to control your dog while walking - it is more for just looks . The material is soft to the touch . My recommendation is to get one size smaller than what you would usually order if you decide to purchase this item .
 My dog tore this toy apart in about an hour . We 've tried the `` S '' shaped ones as well , and those are NOT indestructible either - however they DO last longer . The only good thing about these toys is that they are `` guaranteed , '' so when your dogs rips them apart -LRB- which it WILL - quickly -RRB- , you get a new one for free . Do n't waste your money on this toy , if you want to try these products , but the `` S '' shaped one .
 I purchased this for my GSD 5month old pup.Within a couple of hour 's of chewwing on it , it started missing piece 's off of it.With my GSD , it did not stand up .
 I ordered this product based on the description that it was ` indestructible ' for even the strongest of chewers . My dog took all of 5 minutes to destroy it -LRB- he tore big chunks off and tried to eat them -RRB- . I know that my dog is a particularly focused chewer , but this toy should never have been described as indestructible . Having said that , they were true to their promise of a complete refund .
 I 'm a 7 month old German Shepherd Dog -LRB- GSD -RRB- . When I was a puppy , my mom bought me a small toy called a `` huck . '' It was a pretty blue color and my favorite toy . Mom would drop it on the floor and it would go in crazy directions . Mom would kick it and it would bounce all over the place . Chasing huck was so much fun ! I was also teaching Mom how to retrieve huck by rolling it under the bed or couch.However , as a GSD , one of prime directives is to destroy any toy I am given . After 4 months of dedicated chewing , I was finally able to break off a small piece of huck . I set a personal goal of chewing the entire huck to bits so I could get a new one . At that point , Mom told me I needed a new and larger huck . She bought me a pretty chartreuse huck in size large . The fun continued ! -LRB- I was thrilled that the larger huck still rolled under the bed and couch so I could continue Mom 's education in huck retrieval . -RRB- Then the sad time started . I lost my huck while playing outside . Mom found it . But then a I lost it again . Mom said she was tired of having to spend so much time looking for huck but she had a solution . She would order more large hucks from a place called Amazon!Mom placed the order on a Wednesday and a package arrived on Saturday from a place called West Paw . When Mom saw the package , she was very happy . She went on and on to Dad about how something called `` customer service '' at Amazon `` really rocks . '' Then she opened the package . The first words out of her mouth were , `` Oh no . They got our order wrong . These are n't real hucks . I 'm so sorry . `` I gave her my `` I 'm so disappointed '' look . As usual , she caved and gave me one of the `` pretender hucks '' to try . I did n't like it at all . It did n't go in crazy directions or bounce all over the place like my pretty blue and chartreuse hucks.I asked Mom if she could return the `` pretender hucks '' for `` real hucks '' . She said she could but that it would be a hassle -LRB- my Mom is very busy -RRB- plus cost us money.So , I 'm now stuck with two `` pretender hucks '' . I am one disappointed dog.Mom has taught me that I need to be `` socially responsible '' so I am sharing this review with other dogs so they wo n't be disappointed as well .
 It arrived in the mail , I gave it to my lab , he took it apart in 10 minutes . I ignored the only post on this site warning me this would happen , so here 's another point of view for ya.I bought it only because it is marketed as `` guaranteed to last . '' This may be a fine product for many - hey , it 's 100 % recyclable - just try to accurately determine how destructible you dog is before purchasing -LRB- mine eats all Kong products -RRB- . Sure I could get a refund , but I 'd have to mail it back to Montana ... the whole thing was n't worth it for me .
 It is a good product , but my lab/border collie mix bit pieces off this ball the first day . It is my opinion that this ball would be better if it was just round with no middle indentation . The indentation gave my dog just the right place to start ` battle ' .
 I suggest that this be resubmitted - ca n't believe someone would actually buy it for the listed price . Will keep looking .
 This product did not help my precious girl , actually seemed to make her less likely to want her food . No improvement at all and I finally lost her but not because of kidney failure but because she did not want to eat and that made her weak and the hip displasia became much worse .
 I ca n't really said I was satisfied with this product since it led to my dog getting gravely ill and I had to put him down .
 I bought this product in hopes that it would hold extra water for my pets . When setting it up it runs all the water in to the bowl . There was no reservoir .
 I thought it would be a great idea to add a reserve tank to my drink well fountain , however the tank releases all of the water at once and if there is too much water in it , the fountain overflows .
 the fountain runs out of water everyday and creates a very loud , obnoxious noise . when i bought the reservoir it continually ran through the water so that it flooded the fountain and my floor . i called the manufacturer and they sent me a replacement lid , saying it sometimes floods if the lid is curved . the replacement they sent me looks just like the old one and i 'm afraid to use it . waste of money !
 I first put this item together and it worked great for a couple of days and than the motor kept getting louder . I took it apart and cleaned everything real good and it worked fine for about an hour and the motor started getting very loud again . I cleaned it again and made sure everything was back together correctly again but the motor is still to loud . I would not ever purchase this item if I were you it is a waste of money .
 This was a nightmare for me I have a cat that digs for his water and this reservoir tips over so easily that they even warn you if you have an active household do not put it where it can be knocked over . When the water goes into the fountain it gurgles which attracts my cats to play with it thus knocking it over . I am happy with Amazon just not the product so I am returning it . I did not like having to buy this separately , it is poorly designed . The only thing I liked is I could set it in the sink and walk away while it fills , but that is not enough to out do all the bad .
 I puchased three units this year , one large and two small . The small units were used indoors . All three have stopped pumping water . I cleaned and chaged filters . I cleaned the units . The pumps are dead ! I would not recommend a purchase until the manufacturer improves the pump quality .
 I purchased the Drinkwell Fountain and reservoir from Amazon . Unfortunately , they sent the fountain and the reservoir from 2 different vendors , each with their own shipping costs . I hated this fountain . Way , way , way , too noisy . The manufacturer was very unhelpful . Sent me very complicated instructions about what could possibly be going on inside the motor , how to dismantle the motor and `` attempt '' to correct the problem . They would not take back the products.I sent the Fountain back to the 1st seller . They agreed to waive shipping on the return only . The second seller , would not waive shipping charges in either direction , so it did not make any sense financially to mail this back.Bottom-line , I am stuck with this `` reservoir '' accessory I do not want or need . I have already paid for the shipping of the Drink Well fountain which I returned because it is a defective product.But now I will not return the `` reservoir '' accessory because it will end up costing me almost as much as the product itself to ship it back again . And this company was unwilling to assume any shipping charges.Very poor service all the way around , Amazon !! If you buy from Amazon , make sure any accessories purchased come from the same seller !
 I ordered this resevoir as a replacement for the original that came with the fountain . I had put the original resevoir in the dishwasher , and it came out warped and ruined . Note
 My cats like the Drinkwell so decided to try the 50 oz reservoir . he plastic was low quality & similar weight to a soda bottle . When I filled it up and installed it , the seal did n't work & reservoir leaked all over & floor . Sent it back .
 I purchased the original Drinkwell fountain and like it , much nicer than the Petmate version I had . However , it 's one drawback is a low capacity water bowl . Every day I 'd hear a gurgling sound when the water level dropped to low.Solution ? Get the Drinkwell water reservoir ! And here 's where the story gets sticky . The reservoir is lightweight plastic with a large screw-on cap and rubber grommet . That means that the dishwasher is a no-no , I doubt it would survive the trip . The large screw on cap and grommet means you need to tighten the cap carefully but tightly to prevent spillage . And finally , the design makes it important to make sure the Drinkwell is now on a flat surface . Otherwise the pressure from the water will overflow the bowl . And yeah , I flooded my kitchen floor with 50 oz of water . Sigh , one problem sort of solved , another one created ...
 I WAS LOOKING FOR A PET SAFE , WATER DRINKING FOUNTAIN THAT MY CATS WOULD ENJOY , IN TERMS OF FRESH TRICKLING WATER ... AS THEY LOVE THE BATHROOM FAUCET TO DRINK FROM . SO I PURCHASED THE ` DRINKWELL ORIGINAL PET FOUNTAIN ' . I SET IT UP IN THE BATHROOM , ON THE TILE FLOOR WHERE I NORMALLY KEEP AN EXTRA WATER DISH . EVERYTHING ABOUT IT `` WORKED '' JUST FINE . . EXCEPT THAT THE SOUND IT MADE WAS SO LOUD THAT THE CATS WOULD NOT GO NEAR IT ... THEY WERE CURIOUS ! ... BUT SADLY THEY TOTALLY REJECTED IT AFTER SEVERAL DAYS . IT WAS SUCH A DISTURBING BUZZING SOUND THAT EMANATED FROM THE LITTLE AIR PUMP IN THE BACK OF THE PLASTIC PUMP HOUSING ... LIKE A VERY LOUD FISH TANK . I MOVED IT TO SEVERAL DIFFERENT LOCATIONS ... BUT NO MATTER ... I ... AND THE CATS COULD HEAR IT THRU DOORS AND WALLS . WITH REGRET ... I WILL BE RETURNING THIS PRODUCT SOON .
 product only lasted a few weeks before the motor burned out . We were very dissatisfied .
 It was so noisy and loud I had to return it . And it leaked . The cat was n't sure if she should be scared of it or not . So far , the Pet Mate is far superior . And a lot quieter .
 I have been through two of these fountains . Both arrived cracked around the motor . I tried to use them anyway , but they stopped working within a few minutes and the water gushed out over my floor . This is not Amazon 's fault , but the manufacturer 's fault . It has been a pain to repack and return . Do n't waste your time or money . Do n't order this Drinkwell item !
 My cat really loved the drinkwell fountain , but unfortunately it leaked and I 'm not sure about getting another one ,
 I bought this because my cat was constantly bugging me to turn on the faucet so he could drink . As soon as I set it up he was drinking ! The only problem is that between him and my roommates two cats , I have to refill it at least once a day . Thinking about also getting the 50-ounce reservoir ... If it starts to make a strange sucking noise , just add more water . And make sure you clean any hair off the intake valve as the ones that make it through wrap around the motor . It 's a little annoying to clean with all the removable parts and small spaces , but the Drinkwell cleaning kit has brushes that are the perfect size.Overall , a great product that all our cats love!EDIT -LRB- 4/27/12 -RRB-
 We 've currently been using a Petmate Freshflow . Based on reviews , we decided to replace it with a new Drinkwell.The fountain immediately began vibrating and had a VERY LOUD humming noise . We waited for about five minutes because a new motor needs time to adjust . However , it did not stop . We pulled the plug and plugged it in again . Same thing . Our cats wo n't go near loud noises , but more importantly , the motor could burn out and cause an electrical short . This scares us.We 're returning the fountain for a refund . We ca n't believe all the reviewers who are happy with this . We may have received a defective unit , but are not willing to try a replacement .
 I bought this for my 3 cats , who love the running water part of it . But with multiple cats , it gets dirty quickly . The cheap plastic holds a film on it , that once it is on the inside surface , is almost impossible to get clean . I 've used a handheld steamer and a bottle brush , denture brush , vinegar and about 60 miles of paper towels . Then there is the noise . It always made a growling sound when the water was low , but now , even with the water to the top , it still makes a grinding noise that is irritating if you live in a small apartment . I tried setting it on a thick towel , but the noise persists . The filters are n't cheap either and do n't last very long . Basically , it 's a cheap plastic bowl with a small aquarium pump in it . Save your money and buy the stainless steel model or build your own fountain from a flower pot and an aquarium pump . If my cats had Visas , even they would n't buy it !
 This fountain was noisy and stopped working after 3 days use.My sister has used her fountain -LRB- different make -RRB- for over a year . I would not recommend this product .
 We 've used this fountain for a couple of years , just because of the investment we had in it -LRB- bought it at Petco for a good deal more than Amazon has it for now , so it seemed like a major investment -RRB- . We are glad to finally stop torturing ourselves with its leaking motor mount and very hard-to-clean design . We actually found a website devoted to ideas about how to stop the motor from leaking , but nothing really worked . The motor screws into the plastic base and an O-ring is supposed to create a seal , but it never did . You 're supposed to put Vaseline on the O-ring to lubricate it and help it seal , which is messy to do and does n't work anyway . I shopped at the hardware store and brought home a dozen different sized O-rings trying to get a slightly larger size , but to no avail . Finally I cemented the motor in place with plumber 's putty , and that worked for some months . Now it 's leaking again , so we will say goodbye.Other reviewers have mentioned how hard the angles and small spaces are to clean , and we agree . It was helpful to put the parts in the dishwasher so that the small spaces would get worked on , but it 's hard to place the parts in the dishwasher so that they will rinse properly . We could have bought the cleaning kit with various brushes , but we were determined not to make an even bigger investment in this poor design.Our cat did drink from this fountain . We 're glad it demonstrated how useful a fountain can be to get a cat to drink . Now we are moving on to what appears to be a much better design for less money . We 'll update this review if the new one works out !
 Great concept . Poor execution . The item started leaking around a year after purchase . No amount of repair or replacement parts fixed the leak . I hope the updated version is better as I 'm purchasing it now .
 I purchased one of the cat Drinkwell fountains for my cat who has a real bad urinary track infection and while this model was recommended , something must be wrong with the seller b/c it was a piece of junk and came broken and when you filled it and turned it on is barely trickled and made a terrible loud grinding noise . Geez , what a waste of my money in this economy . I ca n't even get a refund ... or at least ca n't find a way to do such and even if I did the shipping and time alone would be more than the price of the fountain . I guess I am screwed . Do n't make my mistake . Buy from someone else . Really disappointed.-Richard
 I ordered this product for my cat because she does not drink enough water . I received this product and proceeded to take it out of the package and set it up . The second I filled it up with water , it began to leak . I emptied it , wiped it off to remove the water , and tried to fill it again to see what would happen . Leaked again . I got online and visited their website trying to figure out what to do . Their site suggested removing the pump and reseating it . I tried this suggestion 2 more times . After both times , it leaked . I then removed the pump and inspected the plastic housing where the pump attaches . Aha , a large crack in the plastic where the pump locks in place . I then proceeded to contact the company on their customer service number . After navigating the automated menu , I was informed that it would be approximately 26 minutes until the next person was available . 26 minutes . I then hung , repackaged the product , mailed it back to Amazon for a refund . I also emailed the company that makes this fountain expressing my displeasure for their product and the customer service . This is by far the worst product I have ever ordered . Do n't bother unless you can inspect it in person before buying . You will not be able to get a hold of customer service in a timely fashion .
 It leaked all over my floor - I tried it without the reservoir I had purchased , still leaked ! I called the company and was told their hold time was over 25 minutes , but to stay in queue , input your phone number and we 'll call you ... . so I did that . THREE TIMES ... WITH NO CALL BACK ... . EVER . So I wrote an email support , waited ... waited ... . FINALLY GOT A RESPONSE ! EUREKA ! She said she needed the original date of purchase etc. . . so I sent her the emailed receipt I had from here -LRB- amazon -RRB- where I purchased it ; it had all pertinent information she could possibly want ... I HAVE NEVER HEARD FROM THEM AGAIN . I tried calling again ... I could not wait the 20-some minutes , so -LRB- once again like an idiot -RRB- , I leave my number hoping for a call back - of course I did n't get one . I have responded to the one email I did get from them 3 MORE TIMES ... AND NO ONE HAS EVER GOTTEN BACK TO ME . AARRGGHHHH ! I fixed the damn thing myself by putting silicon all over it everywhere - makes me so damn mad they do n't give a damn about their customers !
 I got this for my 2 cats based on all the positive reviews . What a disappointment ! The first one I received leaked everywhere and within a few hours needed to be refilled and my carpet was SOAKED . No matter how tightly the motor was in there . I returned it and got a replacement . The replacement is just as loud ! -LRB- We have this in the hallway next to their food dishes -RRB- It makes a humming noise like a damn vibrator sitting on a wooden table . My one cat is unfazed by the sound but my other cat is terrified of it ! And I do n't see where the filter really does anything . Within a few days the inside of the fountain had cat hair in it and was slimy/mucky . Also , getting the motor out is a huge pain in the butt to take the motor out . I have skinny fingers and still have a hard time getting them in the tiny space between the motor and the fountain . I can only imagine how hard this would be for someone with chubby fingers.This is a nice concept but poorly executed . We 're gon na go with a water dispensing unit instead so there is no pump to worry about . Also , I really do n't recommend this if you 're going to be using it on carpeted surfaces , around young children -LRB- my 17 month old was constantly trying to play with this -RRB- or if you have a cat who is easily freaked out .
 After the motor broke on my old fountain , I decided to purchase a newer model thinking it would be better . Wrong . - deep corners that are not easy to clean - becomes slimy after 3 days - filters only last for 2 weeks - not able to filter anything in the bowl , so there is sediment constantlyI love water fountains for cats , but this one is not worth the plastic it 's made with .
 Had I reviewed this immediately after I received it , the Drinkwell would have gotten a solid 5 stars . My cats LOVED it . As soon as I turned it on , they were both in line to drink out of it . The water stayed very cool , since it flowed steadily through the filter . The sound was very pleasant , though I did have to put bubble wrap around the motor to keep it from vibrating in a very loud and obnoxious way.I very diligently washed the Drinkwell every Saturday with the Drinkwell brushes -LRB- I tried other brushes first , but the Drinkwell brushes truly are the best , as they are made to fit the the crevices and clean it very well -RRB- and took great pains to keep all the parts , including the motor , clean and free of slime and cat hair.I had the extra water reservoir , which gave about a week 's worth of water , but I still filled it twice a week , to keep it from getting dry and burning out the motor.Despite my excellent care of the product and the painstaking way I followed the directions , it began to leak after four months of use . I could never find the source of the leak or a way to repair it and I eventually had to throw it away.The Drinkwell is very high maintenance , but I was willing to do this for my cat children because they were so enamored of this water fountain . I am not , however , willing to spend the money again for a product that expensive and high maintenance with such a short lifespan . I will give the Drinkwell company the benefit of the doubt and say that it may have been a fluke , that I may have had a faulty unit . Unfortunately , this has left a bad taste in my mouth , so to speak , and I 'll not be purchasing Drinkwell products again .
 I 'm revising my earlier , enthusiastic review . Yes , my cats have always loved drinking out of this , so when the old one broke down after 8 years or so of faithful service , I ordered a new one . And regretted it . The old one was hard to clean properly ; the new one was impossible . Removing the motor was always difficult -LRB- it 's in pretty tightly , and Drinkwell gives you a little `` hollow '' for your finger so you can twist it out -RRB- but the new one was ridiculous . The only time I ever succeeded in getting the motor out , my finger was raw and bloody . So forget that ... I cleaned the rest of the parts but could never clean the bottom -LRB- base -RRB- properly . About two weeks ago , the fountain developed a leak around the motor . Not a gushing leak , but a seeping one . It has mildewed the place mat on which the fountain rests , and I only hope that it has n't damaged the hardwood floor . So now that it 's time to replace this , I said `` goodbye '' to ugly , clunky Drinkwell and opted for a sleek stainless-steel model from Pioneer Pet -LRB- also available on Amazon -RRB- . Wish me luck .
 My cat wants water from a faucet so I was excited over this . He likes it . Problem is it leakes really bad . I used it for a week stopped . Tired of wet floor
 I had one of these 10 years ago and now I remember why I had n't ordered one since . THE NOISE ! Good lord it 's unbearable , it took my cats longer than usual to warm up to this fountain due to the horrible rattling sound it makes ! And this is after just 3 days of operation . Trust me , I folllowed all directions , even cleaned the impeller , it was absolutely clean . No , this is just a bad design , I ca n't believe they have n't changed a thing in 10 years to make it better . At least pick a better material for its structure ! The plastic they chose is just like an amplifier to the motor ! Not recommended for anyone . Try the CatIt pet fountain instead , it 's cheaper , simpler , and way quieter .
 Dont buy this ! It is super noisy fountain !!! Works fine , but the noise its loud . You dont want to have this at home .
 I had a Drinkwell for my cats that lasted 3 years before the motor died . That 's pretty good so I have no complaints . Then I bought another . Worked beautifully for 1 day and then began making a noise , kinda like something was loose inside . Was so loud that I could hear it in every room of my apartment . Could not return it because of where I got it -LRB- good price , no returns -RRB- so I figured I had a ` lemon ' and should try again . Went on Amazon and saw an amazingly good price . So I bought it . I also perused the reviews and saw about a 50-50 split on the annoying noise -LRB- a rattling which drowns out the ` gentle hum ' -RRB- . Just got it . Plugged it in last night and was delighted that it was QUIET . Until 4am when I was awakened by a buzzing-rattling-something-is-loose-inside-here sound , just like the last one . I give up . The product is badly made . Fortunately the noise does n't bother my cats , so I will unplug it when I go to sleep . Will never ever buy another .
 I purchased two of these fountains on the recommendation that it would help my newly blind dog find his way to his water bowl . Unfortunately , since he is diabetic and constantly drinking water , I am constantly having to refill the bowl . Plus , with his long whiskers , he is constantly getting food and such in his water . When this occurs , I have to pick up the entire fountain , unplug it , dump the old water , and then refill it again . This process was taking place several times a day . It was just easier to secure his original water bowl in the same spot and refill it as needed . I did like the idea of him being able to hear the water trickling though , just too bad I had to refill and clean the bowl so often .
 I owned a Drinkwell Original Pet Fountain for years and it needed replaced . I already had the accessory water containers so I decided to stay with the original style when reordering.I recieved the new fountain and water leaked out all over the kitchen floor . I ordered a replacement fountain , the motor on the replacement fountain was so loud and annoying it could not be tolerated and the cats would not go anywhere near it ! I was actually afraid to leave it plugged in while away from home because it clearly did not sound as if it were operating properly.Unfortunately the return dates for both items fell right during the holidays and I missed the return window - I am stuck with over 60.00 of worthless , unusable , defective product . Will not order this product or from this manufacturer again . VERY DISAPPOINTED !
 I purchased this in late 2011 because my 1 cat will only drink from the faucet . I figured this would be the fresh water effect I needed . I took completely apart at least 1x a week but rinsed it out every day . I scrubbed it and rinsed the filter as well . In May 2012 I noticed some brown fleks floating in the water . The filter was brand new ... only used it for about 2 weeks . I pulled it out and it was completely covered in a brown sludge ! I was disgusted !! Took it apart and even used a bottle brush to get into whatever areas I could . Again the fleks showed up ... again washed it thoroughly . This happened several times . I noticed there is a narrow area that is very slim that nothing can fit in . Apparently it builds up a mold or something . I am so frustrated since I took it thoroughly apart every week and let it dry for almost 24 hrs before putting it back together again . I refuse to use it because now I am afraid my cats will get a bacteria from it . This is the 2nd one I purchased . The first one which I THOUGHT was great ... except about a month after purchasing started noticing my floor was getting wet . I am so glad I didnt put it directly on the rug . . but on a rubber mat underneath . The entire thing was leaking !! I would NOT recommend this .
 The motor that pushes the water clogged with pet hair -LRB- I have 3 cats & 1 dog -RRB- , after the first cleaning the motor was quite loud and had to be moved to a different room ... after the second cleaning it was even louder ... when it was time to clean it the third time we noticed that the motor had melted its case and would no longer work at all . Now I have this lovely pet fountain and it does n't work ... The petmate fountain purchased at petsmart lasted a couple years , this drinkwell fountain lasted 4.5 months ... I feel that this purchase was a rip off . I will not buy another Drinkwell fountain again !
 We kept it on the first floor and the motor could be heard all the way on the third floor . We dealt with the noise , but then one month after ordering the fountain the motor stopped working . So this product is not only loud but is a poorly made .
 I am disappointed with this water fountain/filter . The water needs to be replaced every 2 days and the filter taken apart and cleaned or the water starts to froth and the inside of the bowl gets slimy .
 I hate to be negative about this fountain , but I 've had it for 3 weeks now , and none of my four cats will come near it . Perhaps it 's because they have their regular bowl next to it which they will gingerly approach from the other side so as to stay as far away from the fountain as possible . I also find a peculiar foam on top of the water which may be from the aeration from the fountain . The fountain is easy enough to clean , but removing the floating froth from the top of the water is a bother . -LRB- I also have the luxury of having the edge of the counter next to an electric outlet , so running the electric cord in an unobtrusive location was easy . -RRB- I thought the cats would love this , as they love to drink from the dripping sink , but they appear afraid of it , in spite of having had 3 weeks to become accustomed.Additionally , I bought the accessory grass kit to hang on the side of the fountain . It worked well until it began to grow grass . Then , the bravest of the cats -LRB- who loves grass -RRB- , tentatively grabbed it and pulled it out of the fountain and away from it , where he proceeded to nibble at it . This , of course , made the floor wet and slippery . I 've tried to glue the grass holder to the fountain , but the cat dominates . If you have aggressive cats , or are not able to affix the grass holder to the fountain , do n't bother with the expensive -LRB- about half the price of the fountain -RRB- grass kit , although it does grow hydroponic grass well.All in all , considering everyone else 's opinion , if you buy this , save the receipt -LRB- which I , of course , did not . -RRB- You may want to return it if your cats are as skittish as mine . **************** May 30 , 2007After owning the fountain for seven weeks , my opinion -LRB- as well as the cats -RRB- has not changed . They are still very skittish around the fountain , and will not drink from it , preferring to die of thirst . I thought after a few weeks they would become accustomed to it , but they have not . Why my cats are so afraid of it and the other reviewers ' cats have not , I have no idea . Again , my one caveat is to save your purchase receipt , as you may want to return it .
 Twisting the motor off of its housing was extraordinarily difficult and eventually impossible for both me and my husband . The layout is designed to make gripping the motor almost impossible to begin with ; very shallow indentation to slide your finger into . Note
 I purchased this Drinkwell Pet fountain for my cats back in June . I have 1 cat who prefers drinking out of the faucet in the bathroom , so I thought this would work for her . However , after just seven months , I 'm forced to trash this.Pros-provides a steady stream of filtered water-motor is reasonably quiet unless the water bowl runs low on waterCons-motor is easily clogged with cat hair , making the pump not work correctly-while the water stream is filtered , the water in the bowl gets dirty easily . Unless you clean this at a minimum of once or twice a week , it gets pretty nasty quickly.-The unit is a pain to clean . There are too many nooks and crannies that are very hard to get to to clean.-also , in regards to cleaning , the motor was almost impossible to remove from the bowl . This made it nearly impossible to clean.-The drinkwell also required filters , which is an additional expense-The motor is on the outside of the bowl ! Eventually , the rubber seal between the motor and the bowl failed . This meant it leaked horribly and was useless ! - Water bowl required frequent refills to prevent the water level from running too low . I eventually bought a Drinkwell reservoir , but this still required refilling every 1 to 2 days.Overall , I only got 7 months out of this cat fountain . If I would have known it would only last that long , I probably would n't have bought it . I finally replaced it with a $ 2 water bowl from Walmart .
 The fountain was supplied with the wrong voltage -LRB- 110 volts -RRB- for our country -LRB- 240 volts -RRB- so we are not even able to plug it in to try it .
 far too loud and noisy to have in an area you live in!The humm and pump noise was too much to have in our living area !!
 This product was so noisy I could hear it all over the house and the cats were terrified of it .
 Our older cat developed a urinary blockage and we 'd read a couple places that a fountain could entice them to drink more water and reduce the risk of a blockage . The fountain arrived , we set it up , and the cat would n't go near it . We tried leaving it unplugged to let her get used to it , tried removing other water sources , but she still would n't drink from it . She resorted to drinking from the toilet and/or licking water from the bottom of sinks , so we gave up after about a week.So this did n't entice our stubborn cat to drink more water.On top of that , I was surprised how cheaply this thing was constructed . Bland , flimsy plastic . Ours made an annoying buzzing noise when it was running that you could stop by pressing down on the lid ... I guess you could tape it down , or sit a lead weight on top of it?Unfortunately there 's a 20 % restocking fee if you want to return it , plus you have to pay return shipping.Not impressed . Maybe buy it locally at a place with a liberal return policy where you do n't have to pay return shipping ...
 I originally very much liked this product . My cats had a steady stream of water and they were happy . I ordered this in April of 2010 . By July of 2011 it had stopped working . I can not figure out how to repair the motor or how to contact this company to replace the motor . It 's too bad because when it is working this is a great product , it just has a short lifespan
 I have had this fountain a year for 2 cats . The cats loved it but it is not owner friendly.Pros : - Cats loved . - Holds a lot of water as is . - Quiet.Cons : - Plastic . One of my cats is sensitive to plastic.-Bacteria -LRB- slime -RRB- seems to grow faster on this than their ceramic bowl -LRB- because it is plastic ? -RRB- . Has to be cleaned a lot , even with filter.-It is very difficult to remove the motor when you need to clean it . If you do not have small fingers , forget it . Even with lubrication , it is difficult . I dread fighting it every time . Finally , the bowl cracked and now it is useless . I do not think it is worth getting a replacement . The way it is designed is just bizarre.-You will need to get extra bottle brushes to clean it.I would recommend a fountain , but not this one . Maybe newer models address some of this ? Something to watch for .
 The cats seem to like it , cleaning it is difficult . Right now the valve that set the level of flow is off and it is running fully and I am clueless how to get it back on . This really should not be rocket science . Too much water is flowing out without the valve , and I am searching for something else that is easier to clean . Really have to monitor the level , too , because if it gets too low , it makes a loud noise that can start up anytime of the day or night .
 I bough this product from Amazon/Litter Boy Pet Products with high hopes . However , the motor is making a very loud buzzing noise . It was never run without water and I followed the instruction to take it apart to see if it would help , no change . When I went to amazon to return the item , I notice that my seller had a 15 % restocking fee . They make no distinction between a defective unit or `` i just do n't want it anymore '' type of returns . Hence , I have asked for a RMA and will try one more unit to see if I can get one that works . Of course this only increases the price of unit as we have to pay shipping , and if the second does n't work I will have to pay shipping again , grr . I suggest making sure you look at who is selling . It appears Debnroo has a better return policy so make sure to look at seller profile , wish I had .
 This product made a lot of noise . And I did fill it up all the way . Although my cat loves to drink from faucets , which is why I bought this , he never seemed to take to drinking from this product . I am trying to return it but the company makes it difficult -LRB- Litterboy -RRB- . I am not sure they will even take it back . It is a good idea theoretically for cats that like running water but my cat was unimpressed .
 My cat split his tongue a few years ago in a fight and the vet recommended a fountain so that he could get in enough fluids . I 've used the Drinkwell Platinum fountain before but we left it behind during vacation . My cats drank from the fountain the first 2 days , but then I noticed that they were avoiding the water . I cleaned the fountain 3 times thinking that the problem was food or particles floating in the water . I stuck my hand under the spout to see if the water was cool , and I felt an electrical charge . I do n't know whether this was a defective product , but unless you want a charged kitty , I would recommend trying a different fountain for your pet .
 The Drinkwell has got to go ! It makes too much noise . Our cat eats and drinks under the kitchen table and we can hear the pump not only in the kitchen -- vinyl floor , but also in the formal dining room , the living room and entry -- hardwood floors . It makes more noise than the fridge . We have it full of water , tried maximum to minimum flow rates , sat it on a shock absorbent rubber mat , and tried different locations . The noise does n't change . Our cat wo n't go near it either .
 So besides that may cat -LRB- who loves drinking out of the bathroom sink -RRB- would n't drink out of it , it leaked . At first I thought I had too much water in it , because if you don ; t have enough it makes a terrible noise . But turns out it just plain leaks .
 Product worked great for about three months but it has now developed a leak around the motor 's gasket seal and a new gasket did n't solve the problem .
 I read a lot of the reviews for this fountain , both good and bad , and decided to risk ordering it anyway , because I was so excited to get my cat drinking more water -LRB- and to avoid having to run the bath faucet for long periods of time -RRB- . However , once I hooked up my fountain following the provided instructions , and it had been running for less than an hour , there was water pooling underneath it.I called their customer service line -LRB- it really is n't a good sign that they provide a hotline number as a separate flier in case something goes wrong ... that means things must go wrong A LOT -RRB- and it seems there 's a problem with an O-ring in the motor housing . I was told I 'd be sent an email with FedEx tracking information regarding a new motor that 's headed my way . It 's been almost a week , and I 've heard not a peep from PetSafe . I 'm extremely disappointed with both the shoddy workmanship of the fountain and the inability of the company to prevent shoddy products from being sold.Please do n't be like me , and risk buying the fountain anyway . Go with another product that does n't have a near-guaranteed failure awaiting you .
 My cat has thoroughly enjoyed the pet fountain for just over a year now . I , however , am so disappointed in the way the motor is installed . You need to clean the motor as the part with the impeller is under water constantly . BUT it is very very difficult to remove the motor and a few months ago I broke off one of the wings that hold the motor . It still worked without leaking but it was still difficult to remove for cleaning and now today I broke the other wing so the motor will not install . Replacement motors it seems are no longer available . Another thing is it entire fountain is hard to clean with lots of corners and nooks and crannies . That said my cat still loved it and it was easy to fill and take apart other than the motor . I was considering the Platinum version but reviews say that motor , although submersible and slightly easier to remove for cleaning , just quits after a few days or months . Sadly of all the pet fountains Drinkwell overall seems to get the best reviews . But I do n't know if being the best of a bad group means much .
 Much like other recent reviews , I had a problem with my Drinkwell leaking water everywhere . I was especially disappointed because I had the same model for about 5 years - I loved it and bought a replacement model.This company may have fallen prey to shrinking margins and Quality Assurance departments . As others have noted , the unit appears to leak continuously from the point where the motor is supposed to form a seal with the machine.The worst of it is , my cats are now scared of drinking , because of all the puddles they walked into . This device was supposed to alleviate the problem of my cats not drinking enough water , but they actually made it much worse .
 What a disappointment ! I bought two of these fountains several years ago . My five cats loved them . But it is hard to clean the nooks and crannies on the inside and finally they both started to leak . I ordered two new ones . One leaked significantly and the other was annoyingly loud . The manufacturer has changed the design of the motor somewhat , which seems to add to the noise . Plus the motor is wedged in so tightly it is very hard to get it out to clean it . I sent the leaking one back and ordered a different style of fountain -LRB- stainless steel , not plastic -RRB- from another vendor .
 It 's a bad sign when the manufacturer inserts a piece of paper into the box telling you that if you find a large amount of water under the unit that you should stop using it immediately and call their customer service line . When the lake formed just minutes after plugging in the fountain , the fountain went straight back to Amazon . Thank goodness they have a great return policy .
 I got this fountain knowing that my cats love to drink from the sink . They loved it . But unfortunately , all three that I purchased leaked . I tried everything from lowering the flow of water to fast moving it . I wish that it would have worked .
 So very disappointed in this item . Didnt even last an hour.We recieved this item at around 6:30 pm when UPS dropped it off.Very simple , add water , plug in and there you go.My pomeranian loves poured water so loved drinking from this for as long as it lasted anyway.Within an hour of plugging it in it began making horrendous noises . I unplugged it for the nightand plugged it back in this morning . The water wouldnt flow . Unplugged and plugged itin again , and it did start to flow but became extemely noisy again . Also , it seemed asthough the water wasnt lasting very long.Thats when I noticed that the mat it was sitting on was soaked . Needless to say that less than24 hours later it is repackaged and at the Post Office to be returned.What a disappointment for us , My pup was so happy with it for the few minutes he was able to use it.Great Concept but terrible product .
 I rarely write reviews , but I feel the need to with this product . I was absolutely loving it , as were my kitties . I could n't believe how much more water they were drinking ! Until I noticed that they were n't actually drinking more water , the DrinkWell was just leaking all over my kitchen floor . When I went to return it to Amazon , the return time had conveniently already expired . Very very disappointing . I am now stuck with the fountain , as well as multiple replacement filters , that are of absolutely no use to me . I ca n't plug the fountain in . I have tried cleaning it , replacing the filter , and nothing works ... it just leaks . I now basically have the same as a regular bowl filled with water like I used to . I am extremely disappointed , and my kitties are even more disappointed . Buy this product if you want a wet floor and a thirsty pet .
 I bought this fountain just under a year ago to replace the PetMate that I bought in 2001 . I am constantly cleaning the fountain because the filter cartridges leave charcoal all over the slide . If it is not completely full , it is so noisy that my cat wo n't go anywhere near it . The flow control broke on the first one , which I returned to the store , and then broke again on the second one the last time I took it apart to clean . The PetMate had none of these issues , and I was able to stick it in the dishwasher on the top rack . In terms of design , the Drinkwell is very hard to fill unless you buy the add on reservoir . I only have one cat , and so did not purchase the reservoir ... leaving the only way to really fill the fountain is by dumping the water in the front . Also , since the motor sits on the outside , it is very prone to collecting condensation and developing slime or mold issues.I just reordered a PetMate fountain to replace this one ... its a better product .
 I purchased this fountain to replace my cat 's Petmate fountain because the pump was making a noise and vibrating too loudly . My cat will not drink standing water . My cat absolutely refused to use the Drinkwell since the pump made a much louder noise than the Petmate that was broken . She almost became dehydrated . It vibrated and hummed so loudly we had to turn it off in order to have some quiet in the kitchen . I sent a couple of e-mails to the company questioning if this normal but received no answer . We have since replaced the Petmate but I now have a useless fountain gathering dust in my basement and this was a waste of money .
 I bought this for my cat for Christmas in an attempt to keep her from jumping up on the counter to drink water from the faucet . I discovered that once it was filled with water and plugged in , the unit was much louder than I had anticipated based on other reviews that I had read . But I was willing to put up with the noise if it would keep my cat off the counter . What I did n't realize until just today is that the pump that makes the water flow also makes the water hot ! Not just warm , but hot . I immediately unplugged the fountain and turned on the faucet so my cat could enjoy cool fresh water . Guess I have to get used to her on the counter .
 I am on my third Drinkwell fountain . The first one lasted 5 years . The last two have each lasted less than a year . This one is `` gone '' after less than 6 months . Am I the only person who thinks it is just impossible to clean the motor ? I cleaned it once on my first unit -- not at all on the last two . My cats love this fountain and I want them to have running water -- I 'm willing to think of this as a disposable item if I can get a year out of each unit -- but less than 6 months is a little more than I can manage . I ca n't believe Drinkwell ca n't improve this product so you do n't have to disassemble and clean the motor in order for it to work properly .
 We bought the Drinkwell Pet Fountain because my cat loves to drink out of the bathroom faucet . We have had many issues with it being dirty . We have to completely empty , dismantle and disinfect it every two to three days , or it gets pink slime in it . I imagine that this is very unhealthy for your pet ! Once it gets slime in it , it takes FOREVER to clean it with little brushes and put it back together , refill it and plug it back in . It is much easier to give our cat a fresh dish of water once a day and put the regular-sized bowl in the dishwasher .
 We are on our second one of these and our cats do totally love it . I have grown to hate it due to design flaws . My biggest gripe is that it is a nightmare to clean . The upper reservoir is deep with lots of nooks and crannies . cleaning with normal kitchen brushes or sponges is impossible . -LRB- a tootbrush helps -RRB- Even with the Drinkwell Cleaning Kit -LRB- set of bottle brushes -RRB- it 's not easy and I can never get it completely clean . Which leads to my next complaint
 This is the noisiest pet fountain I have owned . I have followed the directions very carefully and still , the noise is very unacceptable . And now in order to return it , I have to pay shipping and restocking fees !! Since I ordered the reservoir as well , and it was shipped from a second company , I would have to pay shipping and restocking to them , as well . I hate this product !! Do not buy this . No appliance in my home sounds as loud and irritating as this is !!
 Bought this for my cats as one was just diagnosed with diabetes . It is so noisey that my husband ca n't stand having it plugged in and the cats walk a mile around it rather than drinking out of it . Yes , we 've cleaned it , checked the filter and all sorts . I think it was a waste of money as it 's a very expensive water dish .
 I purchased the Drinkwell Original Pet Fountain from Amazon.com and upon opening the package learned that the product was Made in China . Because of my concerns about toxins in many Chinese products , I telephoned customer service of the manufacturer to find out more information . The representative could not give me answers to satisfy my concerns so this product is going back . Why ca n't products be made in the U.S. ??? I would gladly pay more --
 The first time the unit had to be dismantled and cleaned , it began leaking . The seal between the motor and the plastic fountain is very poor . Teflon tape and plumber 's putty helped seal the leak for awhile , but after a couple of cleanings , the plastic fountain developed a crack and the leak became worse . Would never recommend this drinking fountain to anyone !
 I thought this would be perfect for my cat since she loves when I fill up the sink and let her drink out of it . But my cat seemed weirded out by it . It was a little noisey so I think that scared her . She would n't drink out of it until I unplugged it . Unplugged there was no point having it because it was just a water bowl .
 I had a petmate fountain that cracked and was looking for a replacement . This looked and sounded good . I read the reviews and thought `` how noisy could a cat fountain be ? '' . I expected a hum to the motor . Then I plugged it in and realized that the motor is insanely loud . It 's not a hum . The cat is terrified of it and I ca n't say that I blame him . Luckily , he 's pretty good about drinking water so I am going to try to `` make it work '' by running the motor and circulating the water primarily when he 's outside . However , I 'm sure I 'll end up buying another one before too long , and I 'll buy the petmate one I had before . It was impossible to clean but it was quiet .
 As others have experienced , I have a senior cat who needs to be encouraged to drink . The unit is a bit noisy so I put it in the hallway on a pad designed for muddy boots -LRB- in case of spills -RRB- , and a soft pad on top of that to absorb some vibration . It helped.The crevices in the unit make it a bear to clean by hand so I rinsed it a time or two a week and every 2 weeks disassembled it and put it in the dishwasher . Have had a LOT OF trouble removing the pump to put it in dishwasher . Last time removing and replacing were both awful . You 'd think it 'd get easier . Upon replacing the pump , the unit leaked . Thank goodness it was on a boot pad which caught the leakage . Disassembled and reassembled and still leaked , though not as much . Unit is less than a year old.Just bought the upgrade - Platinum - so worth it ! Spend the extra $ $ for the Platinum !!!!!
 My cat was afraid of it . The humming of the motor was to loud for him , but the puppies loved it !
 The product itself looks great , if only i was able to plug it in ! i just had a blonde moment and forgot that USA outlets are different to Australian ones , and to purchase a transformer was going to cost an extra $ 80 . I ended up buying a whole new system for $ 60 at pet barn . Look out for my -LRB- unused but unboxed -RRB- drinkwell on ebay soon !
 I finally had to replace my original Drinkwell -- which was over a decade old -- when it finally became impossible to get the motor into the base straight after cleaning . Over the years , the plastic either on the opening on the base or on the opening on the motor had just worn away . No complaints , though -- I definitely got my money 's worth out of that fountain.So , when I say this thing is noisy , I mean it , and this is brand new right out of the box & completely full . I 'm very familiar with the `` quiet hum '' since I 've been listening to it in the old fountain for over a decade , but this is no quiet hum ! It was loud enough when I first plugged it in that unplugged it immediately . I plugged it back in after a minute or so , and it 's * much * quieter , but it 's still * very * loud -- I can hear it two rooms away . I dumped the water , unassembled it , & reassembled it just in case I 'd done something wrong -LRB- not likely after doing it 5200 + times -RRB- -- it 's still just as loud . I 'd also purchased one of the mats , and thinking maybe that was amplifying the `` quiet hum , '' I removed that mat & just put it on the bricks to elevate it as I did with the original -- nope , it 's still just as loud.It 's loud enough that I do n't think I 'll be able to keep using it , which is a total bummer because one of my cats wo n't drink from the PetMate , so I guess it 's back to solely the ceramic water bowl for her , which she likes OK , but she * loved * the original Drinkwell.I think may have a spare Drinkwell motor around here -- if I can find it , I 'll give that a try . Perhaps my unit is just defective , but given my excellent experience with the brand , it did n't occur to me to save the original packaging , so I guess I 'm SOL . At least the cost is about 50 % less than when I purchased the original unit , but I 'm still not a happy camper.I 'm not sure what the cleaning problem some people are complaining about is . Once a week , I just dump the water , pull the filter , and then run a white vinegar & water mixture in it for a couple of hours to get rid of any hard water deposits -LRB- we have very hard water here -RRB- . Dump that , and the run it through the dishwasher . While the body was in the dishwasher , I soaked the pump in a little bleach water & rinsed well . Very simple . Over the years , the color of the original Drinkwell faded some , but it otherwise looked & worked like new .
 I purchased the Drinkwell Original Pet Fountain for my cats so they could have fresh water available at all times . I purchased it on December 3 , 2010 and today is February 21 , 2011 and it stopped working 2 days ago . The motor burned out , so it did n't even last 2 months . I would n't recommend this item .
 I used this fountain for years and finally gave up and went to a stainless steel bowl . The main problem is keeping the water clean . The thing needs to be disinfected weekly and water changed regularly . The plastic grows a slimy film of bacteria . It 's much easier to just wipe and refill a simple stainless bowl.The other problem is the buzzing sound it makes now and then . The noise is not consitent or predictable but can be annoying.Some cats do prefer to drink from a running stream of water and if there was a drinking fountain that solved the above two problems I 'd be prepared to try it .
 After reading all the positive reviews , I thought this would be a good replacement for the water fountain we already use.It was easy to set up and seemed easy to clean , but the motor was so loud that the cats would n't go near it.I hope I can get my money back .
 This fountian is great and we liked it but after using it only a few days we realized it leaks on the floor , seems to leaking underneath around the pump area .
 Defective - leakage around the motor housing . Was hoping to use this while on vacation but did n't happen.Maybe will try again in the future .
 My cat loves this thing . He likes to play with the stream , sticking his paw in there and letting the water run over it . He drinks from it quite a bit.However , I hate this thing . I think it was designed by some sadist who loves tormenting pet owners . It 's incredibly difficult to break down , and the pieces have a lot of sharp corners and edges that will constantly poke at you . After a 5 minute struggle to get the motor out , your hands will be streaked with scratches . You 'll want to take it outside and smash it with a baseball bat .
 I purchased this for a 18 year old cat and she actually took to it right away . HOWEVER , it was much too noisy ! The hum of the motor just about drove me crazy ! It seemed very cheap and was hard to take apart as well . I returned it & went to the pet store and purchased a Petmate , which is extremely quiet and well worth the money !!
 I had on of these that was several years old and was having trouble getting it clean so I decided to purchase a new one . Well it was great for about 4 months and then it began to leak . Nothing would make it stop . I think was was leaking from where the motor can be removed from the bottom , but not entirely sure . It was completely unusable at that point so had to throw it away . Not sure if I should try again or not .
 Broken after one week of use . When it did work , it was loud and leaked . With the location it was in , I did n't notice it was leaking until it ended up on the level below where we had it ! What a mess !! Even using plumber 's tape to repair the leaks did n't work - the water wanted out so bad , the plastic cracked .
 I had this product for past seven years . Was quite satisfied , as my pets like it . It was running since then , until two weeks back the motor got burnt out , as i left with ignorant hands . Nevermind , immediately I order new one from Amazon , got in two days . Set it up and it was good , until the next early morning , when the motor was being too noisy . There was a huge water leakage . Felt bad , but i ordered another one , just assuming this could be one defective piece . The second order came in about two days , and that also leaked . Was mad now , as had to return defective items . I believe the product is good , but the company who is selling at present is missing quality check on it .
 After my cat got over the noise , this worked just fine with regular cleaning . However , after a few months it started leaking and became unusable .
 We recently downgraded from the Drinkwell Platinum fountain because the motor died every 3 or so months . This model is very poorly designed and near impossible to get the pump dislodged from the bowl for cleaning . The parts are NOT dishwasher safe and the pets refuse to drink from it . I would not recommend this product .
 We 've been using this brand of water fountain for our cats for years and never had a problem until this one . It made a horrible noise , lasted about 3 weeks and then started leaking water all over the floor ! We then had to go to the store and get one that is MUCH quieter .
 I guess I should have done better research before buying this piece of junk ! Yet another cheaply made piece of garbage that leaked water and broke within 3 months . VERY hard to wash and keep clean , DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF JUNK unless you do n't mind flushing your money down the toilet . REALLY should have done some research , i 'm pretty disgusted with yet another cheaply made item that does n't do what it is supposed to .
 Though it works fine , keeping filtered water running for the pets , the motor is quite loud and I often unplug it because it 's so annoying .
 After two weeks our family has had it with this fountain ! It is noisy to the point that no one , not even the cats , wants to be in the kitchen with it . Do n't waste your money !
 The one I received was unusable as all the water leaked out on to the floor within 3 hours . I tried reassbmling twice , but could not fix the problem Ended up throwing it out .
 When I first saw this product I felt so excited for my pets
 This fountain is extremely loud . It hums and the water trickle is loud . It sounds like an aquarium . The noise scared my cats so I had to return it .
 We have had this fountain for 5 years now and it is the worst to clean and can NEVER be totally cleaned even with the cleaning brushes specially designed for it . If you buy it you will be sorry for that part of it . You can never get it 100 % clean as they built it with too many nook and corners . I 'm on here now looking for something better .
 I bought this pet fountain a year ago and I should have listened to reviews that mentioned how hard it is to clean this thing . My cats love this fountain . Your cat may not -- they 're unpredictable , which is part of the fun of cats . But even though my cats love the fountain , I slowly grew to hate it . It 's a pain to take it apart and clean it out . At first I did n't think it was too bad , but every time I took it apart and reassembled it it was harder and harder to take it apart again . The motor has to be twisted and then pulled out of the base and after a year of use it is now nearly impossible to get the stupid thing out . There are too many corners and small places that have to be scrubbed to get them truly clean . I suspect that most of these fountains are sitting on a shelf somewhere like mine is , unused .
 This is a good idea , and it works fine for the cats , but it was misery for me . I had a heck of a time disassembling the fountain for cleaning , and getting the motor in and out of the casing required me to use a hex wrench as a lever . After less than a year , the motor treads stripped off completely , making it impossible to reattach . I had to throw it away .
 This fountain will work great for about the first year of use . Mine `` lasted '' a full year due to being continuously filled with water and cleaned . The main issue is the fountain 's cheap motor that drives the impeller for the pump . After the motor wears out , you have to manually start the motor running by using your finger to `` spin '' it . This is not an easy task since the impeller is located behind the flow adjuster - and does require you to remove the back verticle structure . A better quality - Brushless -LRB- I am assuming the motor is a brush style motor from the early `` death '' -RRB- , ball bearing motor would solve this issue . For a few more dollars , you would get many more years use out of this product.Apparently someone in management -LSB- at drinkwell -RSB- who does not understand generators/motors -LRB- basically the same -RRB- decided to use the current , cheap motor . On the other hand , maybe they did , causing the device to fail early , thus forcing the purchaser to buy a new fountain far more often.Also from my experience in Plastic Injection molding Industry , they used a very cheap plastic that gets dirty and stained far to fast . They should have used a higher quality stain resistant plastic - at least for the bowl portion of the device . There are plenty of choices out there , and the cost of better materials would be minimal .
 Noisy , clogs easily requiring frequent cleaning and started leaking after only four months ... . After extensive review , starting with the bad reviews first , I came to the conclusion that all these commercial fountains are problematic . On a quest to build a better mouse trap I found this DYI fountain on YouTube : Filtered Pet Water BowlIt uses a 10 gallon external fish tank pump and I have it attached to a Hamilton Beach mixing bowl with the intake tube covered with a piece of stocking mesh . After four months now I can state it is easy to clean , very quiet , inexpensive to put together and my cat loves it . See the image I 've added of my own setup , at this point # 30 of the customer images below the Drinkwell images .
 This pet fountain leaks like a bastard . So it was returned for a refund . The fountain leaks water at the point where the pump is secured to the dish .
 I bought this and it leaks like crazy , cats love drinking from it , but all it does is leak . that really needs to be addressed . why make a water fountain that leaks ?
 I bought this pet fountain because I wanted my cats to have a fresh , filtered & flowing water source available to them at all times . This fountain DOES NOT provide that . It does not filter out anything . The intake accumulates cat hair and it just sits on the intake ... it does n't get filtered out . Cleaning the fountain is very time consuming , and once a week is not enough if you want the water to stay clean . The plastic was stained and rough almost immediately . I kept this fountain for about 3 months , and decided to just throw it away one day when I was tired of trying to get it clean . The design of it makes it very difficult to get all the nooks and crannies clean . Even with the brushes that they recommend you clean it with ! Overall , I would say DON `` T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!! Your cats will have a cleaner source of water if you just use a bowl and wash it out when you refill it .
 The Drinkwell is really noisy . I returned this product for the Petmate Deluxe waterer , which is very quiet , and has an on/off switch .
 First of all , lem me say i have never written a bad review like this before and i do n't do it lightly.I would n't recommend buying this product at any price . It 's basically defective by design.Here 's the issues :1 . They use a propeller type water pump which means it clogs easily and does n't bleed the air out automatically . When air gets into a water pump system is `` chatters '' like garbage disposal . The loud sound makes it a poor choice if it 's going to be in normal living quarters .2 . Because the propeller pump and setup clogs easily they had to make it easy to take apart for cleaning . The problem is that it also makes it leak easily . They also say in the instructions that not cleaning voids warranty . So you have to take it apart , put it back together AND THEN recheck , refit to prevent leaking each time you clean it .3 . The switch designed to control the speed of the water flow is n't a switch at all . It does n't slow water pump , it bottlenecks the water intake . This bottleneck valve causes water turbulence which cause more air bubbles to get into system for more noise.The price does n't matter ... the only way this product is usable in a normal home room is if you remove water bottleneck valve completely . Then you should also replace the water pump with an inline pump . That 's $ 40 bucks for a new pump plus all the time it 's gon na take you to retrofit the new pump and line.Basically doubling the price of this Drinkwell product.i suppose if your going to put it in a basement or garage where leaking and noise do n't matter , then this could work.But a noisy and leaky pet bowl does n't work in any normal home room .
 I have a cat who would rather die of dehydration than drink out of an ordinary bowl ... she is such a princess !! I bought this item from a local pet store and it was WAY more expensive than on Amazon -LRB- about $ 20 more -RRB- , I wish I had looked here first even though I do n't think it 's worth the $ 30 they are charging . I have to say that the fountain is incredibly noisy , whether it is full or not and it is about as equivilant to my cat crying for water from the faucet . Also , if it is n't cleaned every week or so it gets so clogged with gunk that it wo n't even run and cleaning it is no easy feat . You have to take the whole darn thing apart and the electrical chord is n't detachable . I think the filter is just really a ploy to get you to spend more money becuase it does n't last more than two weeks even with regular cleaning . My cat loves it though and it is the only product that she will actually use , so it 's just one hassle trade off for another .
 I bought this fountain about 8 months ago ; I have thoroughly cleaned it once a week , never let it run dry , and followed all of the instructions it came with . About 2 months ago , it started making a humming sound . Currently , I am about to chuck it out the window because it sounds like a tiny jet is taking off in our kitchen . I do n't know what the bugs are with this fountain but I would definitely recommend buying a different one . Our cat likes it and drinks more water but we will be upgrading soon - Drinkwell needs to address this problem because it is a common one .
 My first drinkwell lasted over 5 years with no problems !! However # 2 lasted 2 months and this latest # 3 lasted one week before the motor stopped and could n't be restarted !! In 5 years the company forgot how to put QUALITY in their product . I might as well have flushed over 60 dollars away from the luck I have had with the last 2 machines . I am going to try another brand .
 I recently bought this for my little ones . We had another one for years but it was time for a new one.I set it up and everything worked well . One of the cats has a fat head and he tried to drinkdirectly in front of the spout and as he lowered his head the fountain poured onto his ear.He realized that he has to drink from the end . The overall construction is of a tough plastic.I plugged it in and it worked for a few hours . It stopped working and I took out the plug andcleaned it all , but it just never worked again , so I returned it .
 It 's not noisy , it looks nice , and it does n't splash . However , it does n't do its main job well . The filter is just too weak . My dogs come in with dirt from our backyard and the dirt just got sucked down to the bottom of the bowl , but not sucked back into the filter . For me , it 's better to just change their water a couple times a day in a regular dish rather than keep this system .
 The fountain worked okay for a little over a year , it did get noisy over time but nothing too excessive . My biggest problem with this thing is that the motor is ridiculously difficult to remove for cleaning . It is a black boxy chunk that is wedged in the bottom , surrounded by plastic that you have to try not to break while prying out the motor . I cleaned the beast this morning , discovered it was happily leaking all over the floor , and now I can not remove the stupid motor to even TRY reseating it . I am going to look for a ceramic fountain , I am sick of fighting this piece of junk every week .
 This product works well and as advertised , and my cat likes it OK - but it 's so noisy that I have decided to return it.Easy to set up . Easy to fill and operate - just plug it in after installing the filter and filling with water . Well designed -LRB- except for the noisy pump/motor -RRB- . But it makes a constant , rattling buzzing sound which can be heard throughout the living area of my apartment . I thought a part might be loose on it , or it might have been cracked in shipment , but no . Then , I thought maybe I could get used to the noise . No good , so its going back .
 I 've got the big dog version and even if you turn the flow down , it very nearly overflows a new clean filter . Get a little grime on it , and it just runs over the top , not filtering anything . They need to put a better pump on it and use a screw in filter that ca n't just be bypassed by over flow . If the existing filter was twice a big , allowing more flow , it would help . I ca n't recommend this product .
 The unit started leaking water where the pump connects to the bowl about a month after I bought it . I removed the pump -LRB- as per the instruction manual -RRB- , cleaned the unit while looking for anything that could have caused a leak , reassembled and refilled the unit , and within an hour I had a puddle of water under the motor again . I had to disconnect the unit and stop using it . I hope I can find my Amazon receipt to return it .
 I have aDrinkwell The Original Pet Fountain and HAve had the base fail 2 times in two years.It gets a small crack in the collar where the motor attaches . . I have not been taking the motor off for cleaning . . after the first one failedI think there must be problem with this product ???
 My cats loved this fountain for a couple of weeks . Then I had the arduous task of taking it apart , cleaning and then putting back together . The taking apart and cleaning were easy . The directions in the accompanying booklet are horrible and were no help . Got it together on my own , then water leaked on the floor . Put back together and now the knob control does not work and it still leaks . I have contacted the manufacturer and will let you know what response I get . I hope I did n't just flush the price of this unit down the toilet
 I bought this based on great product reviews and the fact that everyone stated that it did not make any noise . Totally incorrect ... the motor was so loud I could hear it in our guest bedroom with the door shut and the TV on . Plus , if you do n't pay attention to how much water you put in , it will overflow in the back . So I returned it for the Pioneer Pet Stainless Steel Fountain Raindrop Design .
 The fountain leaked and was extremely noisy . I 'd bought this same fountain previously as a Christmas present for someone and that one worked great . Have no idea why mine was bad out of the box . Amazon provided the return postage which was great .
 The pump was too noisy and it scared the cats away . Left it out for a week but they never warmed up to it . I hear other cats like it but mine did n't .
 This fountain is a maintenance nightmare . Within two or three days it has to be cleaned . The device can not be trusted as it leaks profusely . Even on the lowest setting it will eventually leak water all over the floor . Placing it in a shallow square pan of suitable size helps a little , but be prepared to clean up a water mess anytime you use it . I would not recommend it for in-house use . Not worth the money .
 We ordered this to make sure our cats stayed hydrated , They were n't particularly interested in it , but I do n't blame the product for that . Our cat are weird . What was a problem was a noisy pump . It was somewhere between a hum and a low buzz , louder than most aquariums I 've been around . Too much for 24 hour operation . It 's also unnecessarily complex with quite a few parts , and though I did n't use it long enough to have to clean it , it looked like a chore . Removing and cleaning the pump regularly was recommended in the manual . Our waterer gets cleaned every couple days , and it only takes a couple minutes .
 As a person who relies on Amazon reviews for advice on products , I thought it would only be fair to protect others from making a potentially worthless investment in the Drinkwell Original Pet Fountain.My first Drinkwell fountain arrived on June 27th . I have a cat who I knew would think this fountain was the greatest invention on earth , so I was very happy to find this . The set-up was really easy ; just insert filter , fill with water , plug into the wall , and enjoy . As expected , my youngest was thrilled with it and my oldest cat tolerated it , so I considered it a success . A little while after set up , I decided to shift it to a new location and noticed a little puddle on the floor . Figuring that the cats got a little sloppy with it , I cleaned up the puddle and did n't think much of it . However , the sound of a really noisy motor woke me up very early in the morning the following day , not even 12 hours after set-up . I tiredly got up to see what the problem was and noticed that the water in the fountain 's bowl was almost gone ... because it was all over my floor.Thinking I got a lemon , I filed for my return authorization with Amazon , and they were even great enough to send me the replacement before I mailed back the broken one . The replacement arrived on June 30th . I set this one up again , making sure to place it on a towel in case I encountered the same problem again . Sure enough , I woke again to the same noisy motor , another empty bowl , and a soaked towel.I can understand that during the manufacturing process , there are going to be -LRB- ideally rare -RRB- times when a bad product gets through , but it seems a little too lucky that I got two fountains with the same problem . Both were in their retail boxes and appeared brand new otherwise . I 've read some of the discussions where people have said using silicone grease or a different o-ring can fix the problem , but I do n't think most of us buy a new product just to fix the manufacturer 's mistakes . I strongly advise against buying this Drinkwell fountain.If you decide to chance your luck with this product , the only good thing I can say is that Amazon makes the return process as painless as possible .
 The unit is difficult to fully clean , the filter is only notionally located in the path of the water , and after only a day or two it will start to grow some kind of slime that if was in my fish tank I would buy a water fiber to fix ... oh wait , this was supposed to be the water filter . I had to get rid of it after only a month .
 I would not recommend this product to anyone . This is the second one I have bought . Believing that the leaky first one was a fluke , I bought it again in February of this year -LRB- 2012 -RRB- . In less than one month , it too began leaking . Do NOT buy this product . Additionally , my sister bought one and it too began leaking almost immediately .
 Cat likes the fresh water but likes to knock the top off and play with it . Unit is somewhat noisy and almost impossible to disassemble -LRB- motor removal -RRB- . Bowl is now cracked from struggling to remove motor for cleaning ... even after lubrication after 1st cleaning , therefore unusable . Debating whether to buy a new bowl or try another brand ; -LRB-
 Drinkwell Original Fountain ... I got this because I thought my cats would like the `` waterfall '' aspect since they both love to drink from the tap.The pump in this thing is noisy as heck -LRB- and I had it filled to the brim with water -RRB- , feels very cheaply made , and is a real pain to clean.For the money the Pet Mate fountain is a much , much better value . The Pet Mate is ultra quiet , easy to clean and is constructed much better.I would not recommend this to anyone I liked .
 My cats , one in particular , loved this fountain . However , it began to leak where the pump goes in , and I was unable to make it stop . There is a gasket , and there is nothing wrong with it . Neither I , nor anyone I know , could figure out why it was leaking . I took it apart and reassembled it repeatedly , without success . I purchased a Pioneer Pet Ceramic Drinking Fountain to replace it . When I tried to disassemble the Drinkwell for the last time , the pump will NOT come out . I 've asked every strong person I know , and nobody can get it out.I clean the water dish often , and the Drinkwell has many parts to contend with . The worst of all was the pump ... it was very difficult to get out for cleaning.My kitty may miss this , but I wo n't ! She 's decided to accept the new fountain now , so all is well .
 We just got this today hoping it would help our male cat drink more due to a recent urinary issue -LRB- we switched his food 8 months ago to cans of Wellness , Core , Weruva , and Tiki Cat -RRB- . He really does n't drink much from what we 've noticed . The vet suggested this unit , and also gave us Science Diet food which is over-priced garbage . So , we put the fountain together real quick and easy , filled it to the top with distilled water , plugged it in , and it sounds like an electric can opener . We can hear it in the other room ! We tried putting it on carpet vs the wood floor but it is still noisy . The cat wo n't go near it . We tried to figure out a way to cushion the motor from rattling against the plastic , but that did n't work . We are so disappointed because this is a great design and so many people have written good reviews . Maybe we just got a `` lemon '' . We are going to call the toll-free customer service number for Drinkwell tomorrow for any tips , otherwise it 's going to have to be returned .
 Bought two as replacements , They are asloud as the ones they replaced . Going with a new brand next time .
 I bought this fountain because it looked like the best of those available . I like the replaceable charcoal filter and the cat liked the running water . However , it is impossible to clean it properly and I do n't mean just lime build-up . There was greenish gunk in inaccessible places and I will not give my cat water from that fountain .
 This item leaks a lot . Being that the water leaked out had to keep a constant watch adding water so the pump was n't running with no water .
 I bought this drinkwell pet fountain with the 70 ounce reservoir for my cat . I was very pleased at first , it did n't have the loud noise that some reviews mentioned , depending on the setting you put it on it was very silent or just had a water splashing sound -LRB- I always had it on que quietest setting -RRB- . Once I set it up , my cat was more than excited . It did make him drink significantly more water and he stopped harrassing me everytime I walked into the bathroom -LRB- he likes flowing water -RRB- . Anyway , about 3 months later the thing just stopped working all together . I called drinkwell and they sent me a replacement for the power supply , apparently it burnt out for no reason . Again it worked fine despite the corrosion from the water and the hair buildup that seems impossible to clean given all the straight edges that are not easily accessible . It 's been about six months since I bought the fountain and now it just has tiny drips of water on the highest setting . It no longer atracts my cat to drink more water because the water is not streaming out of it and the plastic looks very bad despite my best efforts to keep it clean . I was hoping to buy something that would last me much longer than this , I am very disappointed .
 We used to have the Petmate Fresh Flow fountain and it was great ! Lasted 7 years and was still going strong but had some built up calcium deposits from over the years so we replaced it with this one . When we initially put it together it was great . The flow was great , it did n't gunk up as quickly as the other one and the cats enjoyed it . We took it apart to clean it per the instructions and when we put it back together it barely flowed at all . We messed around with it for a good hour , looking everywhere online before we could get it working again . We just took it apart again to clean it and same thing happened . We can get it back together but the flow is n't more than a trickle turned on the full blast setting . Its so frustrating especially since its exactly how it should be in the manual and the videos we have been able to find . I recommend sticking with Petmate if you want the reliability . This thing is cool at first but it has become a large pain in the neck that I 'm already considering replacing .
 My Walmart generic pet fountain burned out after a year , so I thought I 'd upgrade to this more expensive model bought at Petco . More expensive must be better , right ? After reading that the fountain , including the motor , is supposed to be disassembled and cleaned weekly I was hesitant . And the plastic fountain did n't seem any different or better built than the cheaper fountain . After the first cleaning , the Drinkwell leaked and was un-usable . I 'll just buy a cheaper but more reliable version from Walmart , and the Drinkwell will go in the garbage .
 I have owned a Drinkwell Platinum for years and it has been trouble free . So I bought this model DPF thinking it would have comparable quality . Wrong . This product is unusable .1 . It is LOUD . You can hear it running two rooms away . I turned up the TV volume so I could hear over the racket .2 . Then I found that it LEAKS -- A LOT . No wonder the instructions say to monitor it for the first 12 hours . The manufacturer 's FAQ at -LSB- ... -RSB- says to check the pump 's o-ring -- it 's fine . Then try putting Vaseline around the o-ring . No help . Apparently the plastic housing does not mate tightly with the pump.The housing was manufactured in April 2012 and the brand of motor is Resun . Maybe this was one of a bad batch , but I would not take a chance on ordering another .
 my cats refuse to drink water unless it 's moving . I buy a new fountain every few years for them . I got this one and it was delivered quick . I chose it because it was cheap . Now I regreat not spending $ 70 on the platinum one . The original version leaked , thank goodness I had a large rubber mat under it . Tried this thing for almost 2 weeks and it leaked the entire time . I 'm hoping I can send it back but I no longer have the return slip .
 They say there is a hum with the fountain . Wrong . It is a roar . Much too loud and I will put it in a far away corner and see if that helps . If not , I will go back to Walmart and get their $ 16 fountain . Mr. Katz does n't even go near it . It is probably frightening him with all that noise . Fountain works except for the noise . There must be a way to get a quieter motor . The $ 16 one from Walmart which does n't last too long at least is quiet .
 Yeah I 'm one of the people that got stung -LRB- not too badly though -RRB- . Ordered this to encourage our cats to drink more water . I read a few negative reviews about loudness of the motor but I thought I 'll `` risk '' it anyhow.Item arrived and it was packaged inside the retail box . Looked new and there were no signs of item having been used . So far so good ... I am one of those people that like to read manuals -LRB- yeah weird -RRB- . So after opening the box that was first thing I did . There is/was paragraph inside the manual warning you to monitor the new fountain for the first 12 hours for any leaks . Encouraging , right there and then , when the manufacturer seems to recognize the issue but does not bother to fix it.Anyhow I thought it 's new , ca n't possibly be bad or leaky but what the hey , check it every so often for the fist day , no biggie . I assembled the item -LRB- if it can be called assembling when only thing you need to do is put the filter into the compartment -RRB- . It was easy enough and fit right in without any hiccups . Next I filled it with water in the kitchen . Looked fine . Just as I was about to lift it and take it to the room where we planned to have it our phone rang . I went and answered it leaving the fountain on the counter . After a couple of minutes -LRB- probably about 5 minutes to be honest -RRB- I hang up the phone and when back to the kitchen to carry the fountain to the room . I noticed there was a little puddle behind and in front of the fountain . I figured that I was not as careful as I had imagined whil I was filling it up with water so I ignored the puddle and carried it to the room where it would remain while in use.I plugged it in and left the room . After about an hour I came back to check up on it . Uh , oh . There was a little stream of water going from the fountain across the plastic -LRB- luckily -RRB- laminate flooring towards the room door . After I noticed this I was intrigued to find out where it was leaking from . I emptied all of the water out first and then had a looked at the item from every angle possible to assess where leaks might be most expected . I noticed that there would be 2 primary `` targets '' one if I had overfilled the fountain it would more than likely leak from the bowl itself either in the front area where you can see it or through the little opening at the back . Since I did not check if it was leaking out of the bowl due to overfilling I thought I 'll kill 2 birds with one stone . I filled the fountain to about half way -LRB- full bowl and about half of the reservoir -RRB- . I then checked underneath the fountain to where the motor meets the plastic housing . Ah-ha ! Found the leak . There were 2 places from where I could see water leaking in drops -LRB- at pretty much regular intervals -RRB- . I 'd imagine it could have been fixed eventually but I felt that I should n't `` fix '' something that 's new.Printed the return authorization , same day I got the fountain delivered , shipped it the day after . Good riddance Drinkwell , I 'm off to try Pioneer ceramic pet fountain instead . I 'm not about to stick with a company that delivers products that were clearly not tested .
 well the first one i got leaked all over my kitchen floor . then i gave it to these people i do n't like who have six cats , and it leaked all over their floor . the vendor sent me a new one that does n't leak , but its louder than any of my aquariums . on the positive side , my cat loves it and drinks from it all the time .
 For Christmas a couple of years ago , upon my veterinarian 's recommendation , I bought my cats one of these fountains . I chose this model because of the `` faucet-like '' design . I brought it home and set it up , and it immediately started making a horrile sound . My cats scattered - they would n't come near it . I thought it was air in the pump , so I gave it a few minutes to let the air out . The sound never stopped.Figuring it was defective , I took it back to the store and got a replacement . The replacement did the the SAME thing . I took the replacement back , and got the Petmate fountain . It 's very quiet , and my cats and I love it . we 've not had a moment 's trouble from it .
 I read all these reviews and could n't believe this fountain was actually as noisy as everyone said it was . But it 's WORSE ! Right out of the box the little motor was loud , so loud we could n't hear the water falling from it . We finally had to put a beach towel under and around it to muffle the noise before the cats would get near it . And it is REALLY loud weekly , begging to be cleaned , even when there 's no cat hair in the motor . I spend a lot of time tending to this fountain and the 3 cats would still prefer to drink out of my water glass than drink out of this -LRB- but they grudgingly do ! -RRB- . I 'm getting a CatIt Fountain on Monday and I hope it 's better than this one ! I think the extra money for the CatIt may be worth it . ----------------------- Update
 My cats wo n't use it . Spent too much money on something that does n't get used .
 The idea is great and I had thought I had found the solution to the constant demand of my cat to drink from the faucet in the bathroom . Sadly I had to return it due to the noise . The pump is so loud that it scared the cat and drove me nuts . I tried another fountain and it seems they all have a very loud pump .
 The cat likes to drink from the fountain , but it is loud . Luckily I have the fountain in an extra bedroom , I could not tolerate listeing to it all the time .
 Recently , I purchased this to replace a Petmate Fresh Flow style fountain . I had the Petmate fountain for years . In comparing the two , this Drinkwell fountain is LOUD ! I knew when to add more water to my Fresh Flow fountain when the motor started making a gurgling noise . With this Drinkwell fountain , I have no idea when to fill as it is LOUD already.Also , there is not a holding tank . The water at the base of the fountain is all the water they get . I liked have a `` back up '' tank in case the cats drank more than expected . I have several cats , so the water does get drank fast!The last thing to mention is the cleaning of the filter . With the Petmate , I just needed to swipe the front of the motor to clean out the build up of cat fur that caught in the motor 's intake filter . Easy , 1 second job . With the Drinkwell fountain , there is 4 parts to take apart -LRB- and reconfigure to get back together , which takes a litte coordination and attention -RRB- , then use a cotton swab or -LRB- as they try to sell you -RRB- a special brush that they make . It really seems to be a throw together design and NOT well thought out . I bought a water fountain for convenience and this fountain is NOT making life easier in our household at all!I just saw on Amazon 's listing for this item that they have problems being reported with this item and they are no longer shipping this out at this time . I 've had mine for 2 days -LRB- which means I must have got one from the reported shipment that has issues -RRB- , so I plan to return and get another Fresh Flow . Maybe this is why I 'm having issues ? No idea , but I do n't plan to get an exchange and find out .
 This was recommended to help my aging cat drink more easily and not use his paws to scoop up water . The theory suggested was that he needed a cleaner , moving water source which would help him lap the usual way . Nope . Did n't help . In fact , he still uses his paws and now creates huge puddles . Plus , the mechanism clogs often . A plain old ceramic bowl is much more easy -LRB- and cheaper -RRB- to maintain than this ! I would n't recommend this product to any of my cat friends . Wish I had n't sunk the money into this totally unnecessary item .
 I was very excited about fresh flowing water for our kitty . I kept reading that fresh water is critical for cats so really liked this concept . But after assembling & setting up , BIG disappointment . Motor is very loud , water splashes & leaks . RETURNED .
 We got this fountain for our cats -LRB- 2 -RRB- and they loved it . However , I soon realized that it 's an ordeal to clean it . Several small parts that need small brushes and a motor that 's practically impossible to remove made me dread biweekly cleaning . The plastic finally cracked and is leaking and I 'm looking for a new one that 's easier to keep clean.Update - is there any reason I ca n't use one of those decorative tabletop fountains for a drinking fountain and just keep it really clean ?
 My cat will not touch this unless the pump is off . It makes too much noise for her . We left it on for a week and she almost dehydrated . We purchased this because she loves fresh water ... puddles outside , water after a shower , or drinking right from the faucet -LRB- my wife did not appreciate our oldest son teaching our cat that trick -RRB- . So I figured this would work . No way !!!! She barely eats her food if it is on next to her . I 'd sell it back to amazon if they 'd take it . Complete waste of money . Do not purchase unless your cat likes to drink around noise . Try putting on the vacuum cleaner next time she is drinking and if she can take that , then you may have a chance .
 I purchased this last week and had to return it this week . The motor is so loud - sounds like a diesel truck . I tried everything to insulate the motor and even wrapped a towel around it , but it is still super loud .
 On the bottom of the fountain , it is stamped Veter inary Ventures Inc. . Yes , there is a space in the name.How can a trust a product that ca n't even get the name of the company correct ? This word is stamped on the bottom of every fountain . It makes me wonder -- what is in the plastic ? Quality control?I return ed it to the store .
 Worked great for a month . Then began making so much noise . I tried taking it apart , putting it on a soft towel and finally broke it trying to get it to be more quiet . I will avoid this one .
 the fountain itself is fine . good quality . it 's a replacement for a larger model that sprang a leak after 2 years of continued service . alas , the only model fitting in my budget for misc . items was this one .
 It 's good in theory , but the design is poor - it leaked all the time . The Petmate fountain is put together much better . Buy the jumbo size or you 'll be refilling it all the time .
 This fountain is too noisy
 Just purchased this unit and the cats loved it , but it leaked.The design where the motor comes into the drink well leaked.I tried everything but still leaked.Returned the unit .
 Signifiant leak where the motor attaches to the bowl . This appears to be a design weakness , the pump/motor connects below the water line , so there is always a chance of leakage there.The Petmate fountains , which have their own problems -LRB- namely the pump clogging and having to be cleaned all the time , and having to be replaces once a year -RRB- , at least use a submersible pump so there can be no leak where the pump connects to the bowl.Also , the top lid does n't snap into place , it just sits there , or does n't sit there when your cat decides to play with it.The reservoir attachment seems to work OK and not leak ... but since the motor/pump leaks , you will still wind up with a puddle of water on the floor.I returned it to Amazon .
 I used this fountain for a few months before replacing it recently with theStainless Steel Fountain , Raindrop Design . My main issue with the drinkwell is that it is very difficult to thoroughly clean the inside of the tower . The new raindrop fountain , is almost entirely clean when it comes out of the dishwasher , the only parts not dishwasher friendly being the little motor and the filter . The drinkwell , on the other hand , has a well where the filter sits that is very difficult to scrub out -LRB- and needs it regularly , or the cat wo n't touch it -RRB- . Additionally , removing the motor from the drinkwell is painful . It needs to be rotated against the base , and it 's impossible to do this without using some sort of lever -LRB- for me , a screwdriver , which also cracked the plastic -RRB- . It is a fountain , and the cat will use it , but only if you commit to a lot of cleaning . I spent more time cleaning this thing than I do cleaning my dishes every week .
 The motor was too loud that my cat got scared and would n't drink the water . It was frustrating .
 Purchased one and returned because it was leaking by the motor . Water all over the place . Ordered a replacement and same story .
 Drinkwell Platinum Pet Fountain 168ozThis product leaked from the start and the motor was noisy . I ran it only a few hours before giving up .
 I had a Drinkwell Platinum , which I loved . Unfortunately , the motor broke after about two or three years , not too bad , but a replacement is only available directly from the company at approx . $ 20 with pretty high shipping fees . Add to that , the web site was n't working properly and I decided to just get this fountain . It works okay , but it has a tendency to get loud at times . I tried buffering it with soft material to no avail . Also , it runs out of water about every 28-32 hours -LRB- usually in the middle of the night -RRB- and starts making a terrible noise . I miss the reservoir on the Platinum.As for cleaning , I 'd read reviews that said it was difficult to take apart . But I disassembled it fine ... the first time . It became increasingly difficult to get the motor into the proper position for removal . I had to enlist my husband 's help every week in order to clean it . As of today , even he can no longer turn the blasted thing . So , I clean it with the motor in place , not terrible , but a bit frustrating . I use a thin bottle brush on the tube parts and it seems to work okay.All in all it 's okay , but I have a bruise on my forehead from where I keep hitting it saying , `` I should have bought the Platinum . ''
 This fountain runs as loud as the refrigerator , even with a cloth pad under it to try to deaden the motor noise . One reviewer said he/she had wrapped bubble wrap around the motor ... Luckily , instead of purchasing this item I borrowed it from a friend whose cats did n't use it enough to warrant the cleaning process and she had it sitting in a closet . As far as set up goes , the motor is difficult to push into the opening far enough to seat it properly . I have ordered the stainless steel Big Max by Pioneer because the reviews say the motor is virtually silent .
 I do n't know how some of the other reviewers describe this as quiet -- unless mine is defective . I 've had it for about a week , during which I 've tried placing it on towels , blankets , in corners , etc. . The well , and reserve , are full . Frankly , it 's loud -- much more so than my kitchen appliances . It 's also not the calming white noise of - say - a window AC unit . There 's no way I would sleep with this running in the same room . My cats will drink from it , but only when it 's off . When that motor is running , they wo n't go near it . I run it when they are outside to circulate the water , then turn it off when they are inside . I can hear it now , running in the next room .
 I put it all together , got the water running and the cats drank out of it for 1 day . Then there were the filters and cleaning kit to purchase . I tried cleaning it to see if that was the problem , but eventually took it apart to store it . The cats prefer drinking out of the dog bowl . For me , this product was n't worth the time , trouble and electricity . It might work for your cats , but mine did n't want to drink out of it once the novelty wore off .
 I just got the fountain today , and it 's already packed up to be returned . It was a difficult decision , but I decided that the one flaw was too hard for me to ignore . It was simply too noisy . The description actually said `` quiet '' . Right when I plugged it in , my cats went up and played with the flowing water . They seem to like it . However , it was just really really loud . I do n't mind the water splashing sound . In fact , I rather enjoy it . It 's like the sound of nature . It 's the motor that causes a loud rattling sound.Anyways , I 'm still looking for a fountain with a quieter motor but a free flowing water fountain instead of a water flowing on a slide as with my current Petmate fountain . If anybody have any suggestions , please let me know .
 had one and it leaked right out of the box . amazon replaced it , but had same result in the same location . one can be an accident . two identical problems is a quality issue .
 When testing to see how low the water has to be before loosing suction I found out that if the 60 oz container goes below 30 oz it stops pumping and the water pump cavitated and made noise . The water pump is to high above the water level and will do damage to that pump if you do not keep it full .
 The product does not work and when it is running it is extremely noisy not worth it still looking for an alternative
 I am not at all happy that the unit leaks . Also , it should have somesort of cut-off mechanism , if the water level drops too low.I had to replace my first Drinkwell fountain because its motor burnt outdue to the water level dropping too low , and now this one is leaking.I am not happy , as it seems to me , for $ 43.50 , the item shouldwork well indefinitely .
 We have had a Drinkwell fountain like this one for over 10 years and wash and clean regularly . It is EXTREMLY important to clean the fountain about every 2 or 3 weeks . It has and does continue to work great.We bought this one originally as a back up but later decided to put it up as a second fountain for our 2 Pekingese and 5 Persians . The new fountain leaks around the motor housing . We checked out the O ring and even applied some silicon based sealant around the O ring to no avail.We were beyond the 30 day return date -LRB- our fault for not checking out the fountain earlier ... . But we thought it was just to be a backup -RRB- . The new fountain 's plastic seems thinner than on our older version.Have decided to try the stainless steel Drinkwell 360 instead and hope to have better luck .
 I had the premium Drinkwell and kept having to buy new pumps for it -LRB- $ 25 a shot ! -RRB- so I decided to try this cheaper version . I regret that decision . It is so noisy my cat would not go anywhere near it ! I could even hear it from my bedroom at night -LRB- the fountain was in the den , two rooms away ! -RRB- I gave it to the Salvation Army . My cat now has his own drinking glass on my coffee table -- he was always trying to drink out of mine , anyway .
 It works but makes a lot of noise . You ca n't put it near a room , it has to be outdoors
 We religiously cleaned this every two weeks , taking it apart , scrubbing , cleaning the filter as recommended ... but it still plugged up inside the control `` valve '' . Tried to clear it out with brushes and pins to no avail . Finally pried off the control for the flow and got the gunk out , but that broke the control making it useless , so now it always runs at full speed . They need to provide a way to clean this part -LRB- like making it removable -RRB- before I would recommend this to anyone .
 I purchased my first Drinkwell Fountain over ten years ago . It worked perfectly every day until it finally died several weeks ago , I believed in the product , my cats loved it so i did n't consider another brand . I did take very good care of the fountain , taking it apart and washing it in hot water weekly.I ordered the exact fountain I had . I set it up and within a day I realized it was leaking . I checked all the parts filled it up and set it on my kitchen counter , it leaked . I was sure it was the result of damage in shipping so I sent it back and immediately ordered another one.Second Fountain comes and no leaks . I 'm happy my cats are happy , all is well ... not so fast . It 's been a couple of weeks and yesterday I found it was leaking , badly . This time I was n't checking it so I have some floor damage , fortunately not very much and that 's not really the issue for me . I 'm sending back the unit but now my cats do not have a fountain . I have some unhappy little furs . They have bowls of fresh water but have always gone to the fountain first.I 'll go out and look for another brand but frankly I really liked the Drinkwell and I 'm so sorry I wont have one .
 The good
 My cat and I loved this fountain until I needed to clean it . I found it impossible to pry the electric component from its housing . Even my husband could hardly get it loose . So buy this fountain only if you can clean it without completely cleaning it by removing the motor . You could , for example , just wash out the fountain part , run vinegar through it occasionally to clean out the interior , and replace the filter as needed . But if so , your fountain wo n't last long . Ours finally stopped running , and I threw it out .
 I 've bought 3 of these things in two years . They do not last long at all the pump quits on me . I have never figured out how to get the pump out to service it or clean it . I kept water in it to . I got fed up with paying over $ 45 for junk that last maybe 6-8 months . My cats love these machices so I had to look around the market to see if I could get one something this one only better.I found the fresh flow pet mate for $ 19 and was able to buy 2 one for up stairs and down . They appear to me to be better constructed I can get to the pump , and they have a water bottle attached for convience . What I like about it is it is quiet its spout trickles down a slope instead of running out like a faucet and hitting a hump like the drinkwell . I think the cats preferred the drinkwell , but it just did not last . Now will the petmate hold up ?
 This was a pain to clean and the motor gave out after 6 months . I would keep searching ...
 This product was terrible . I got it because my puppy loves to drink from running water , but the water does n't really run . it kinda just trickles out : - -LRB- This thing is pretty flimsy , makes A LOT of noise , and sometime takes too long for the water to start running . It would also be a lot better is it was battery operated , instead of having to plug in.I just really wish I shopped around a little more before trying this . After 2 weeks , it 's in the trash .
 Read the reviews , researched other items and was expecting a decent product , but this did not deliver . My cat was a little hesitant because of the loud motor , but then she saw the water fountain and tried it . After a fee minutes of her playing with it , it started to gurgle and sputter , which was extremely loud . She was curious , but because of the noise , she would n't use it . I tried everything to stop the noise , but as soon as she would interrupt the flow , it would start again . Also , we used the charcoal filter and even after letting it run all night before giving it to her , it had lots of charcoal dust in the basin . Returned this for a refund .
 I had to return this item , the vibration level is very audible . I tried shifting every position and putting things at the bottom to cushion but it was still annoyingly audible . I guess it will be good if it was placed in the kitchen to mask the noise with the other household noises . Whenever I turn it on , the vibration noise would make the cat run away and avoid it .
 The cat loves this device while it 's working . But , it needs to be replaced every few months . No matter how meticulous you are about careful cleaning and making sure it does n't run dry , this fragile contraption is the poster child for planned obsolescence . It simply does not last for very long .
 Cats liked it , it was quiet , splash was minimal . Gave out after about six weeks and I had not let it clog or the water level go too low .
 Bought it in the middle of last September . Now , the motor 's dead in slightly over a year . It was melted in -LRB- glad there was no fire -RRB- . Bummed out because my cats loved it . It should definitely have lasted longer .
 The pros are that if your cat likes to drink from a faucet then your he will go crazy for the Drinkwell Fountain . It is also healthier for the cat because the water falling into the bowl helps to keep the water oxiginated.The cons are that if your cat does n't like to drink out of the faucet then they may not like the splashing water . Yes , you can adjust the flow but even with it on low my cat was getting splashed in the face when he tried to drink from the bowl . My other cat simply refused to go near it . Also the instructions claim that due to the filter and the circulating water you would only have to clean it once a week . I found this to not be the case . Even with emptying the water and putting in fresh water every day the bowl was getting slimy after only 3 days and had to be scrubbed out .
 I 've had our drinkwell for about 6 years now . The cats love it , the dog loves it . But boy is it a b * tch to clean !!! I wish they 'd redesign the dam * thing.Attention Drinkwell Engineers1 . Take out ALL the right angles AND THE CRANNIES . Design it so it is actually possible to clean with your silly bottle brushes .2 . Make it easier to pull out the stupid pump with out causing injury to one 's knuckles and fingers . Hint , cut away the back of the fountain where the pump is so you can actually get a grip on it to twist it out.That said , when it 's time to wash it , I put everything -LRB- except the pump -RRB- in the dishwasher and run it on sanitize . It comes out slime free ! While it 's washing , I nurse my banged-up knuckles with some neosporin , bandaids and an ice cold beer and we 're good to go for another 3 weeks .
 I too have a cat who believes she is the Queen and prefers to drink from the bathroom sink . I thought she would like this pet fountain , and after sometime she finally has gotten used to it . Unfortunately , the thing is not very well designed for being a `` pet fountain '' - her hair clogs the spinning in the motor and it has to be fully cleaned about once a week . I would n't mind that if it were n't for having to take the whole thing apart and then getting water everywhere during the process of putting it back by the cat bowl . My other cat is still afraid of it - she has a fear of water . If it was n't for the pet hair clogging I would love this thing , but it is so loud and for something made for pets the hair problems should have been considered during the design process.EDIT -LRB- 8/11/2009 -RRB-
 I bought this water fountain in replacement of a Deluxe Fresh Flow from Petmate , I was looking for an option that demanded less maintenance as the Petmate fountain required a pump replacement every 12-18 months . In summary switching to Drinkwell was a bad mistake.The design behind the Drinkwell fountain initially surprised -LRB- positively -RRB- because it 's extremely simple , you assemble and disassemble it in a breeze , I even thought of the mechanism to mount the pump as smart , especially compared to that of the Petmate fountain which is a submersible pump.But once I assembled and filled my new fountain my opinion on its design changed radically , what Drinkwell describes as `` little humming '' is really a loud , annoying and constant vibration noise . I tried everything in order to make it go away
 I 've been through three water fountains by similar manufacturers and this was the last one we bought prior to our new ceramic one which was purchased through Dr. Fosters website -LRB- Bridgeport Onyx Waterer -RRB- . Our dog would NOT drink out of this fountain . He seems to dislike the taste of the water because of the plastic or it could be the loudness of this fountain . This is NOT quiet . It 's super loud so if you have a skittish dog - do n't get this.We bought the Dr. Fosters water fountain from their website . It 's double the cost but it 's absolutely beautiful and totally silent.Basically , here 's the differences : Drinkwell : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Loud - Motor is not quiet at all even at lowest setting due to vibration of plastic . We cleaned it , moved it , put towels under it - you can still hear it ! Our dog would n't approach it and we tried and tried . This was the third of the fountains we purchased that were plastic . All had the same issue . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Cleaning - Difficult but light weight - gets slimy if you do n't regularly clean it thoroughly -LRB- 3 -RRB- Ugly - Unattractive to both you and your pet . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Cheap Quality - It 's durable and light BUT it 's definitely just a hard plastic . There is nothing attractive about it . They sell this at Petco if you want to go look at it.Dr . Fosters Ceramic Fountain - Bridgeport Onyx Waterer -LRB- 1 -RRB- Silent - Vibration masked by the ceramic heavy fountain -LRB- could be fact that fountain motor is a little smaller -RRB- -LRB- 2 -RRB- Attractive - Beautiful - Kinda like a black hat with cute doggee prints and they even have matching single food bowls that you could get if you are an artsy soul -LRB- 3 -RRB- More Expensive in cost - But quality is obvious - Currently on sale on their website - they sell the filters on Amazon - Go to Dr Fosters and Smith -LRB- 4 -RRB- Our picky dog loves it ! Our dog finally is drinking out of a pet fountain and he enjoys it ! He loves the little slide like area where the water goes down the side and likes the pooling . -LRB- 5 -RRB- Cleans easily - Light cleaning in the sink and it 's only a few piecesWell , hopefully this will help everyone out . I 'm tired of going through fountain after fountain and was greatful to finally find a product that our dog loves and which is beautiful to boot . These plastic fountains are just awful and not worth it . Unless you have a pet that 's totally not fussy - the way to go is with the ceramic one - not this brand . I know that some people gave it good reviews but I 've compared both fountains and I can tell you , there 's a HUGE difference . They just do n't know it .
 Bought the Drinkwell Fountain for two cats , one had recently gone through surgery for urinary problems . The vet suggested a fountain that circulates the water but did n't reccommend a specific brand . After researching the internet it looked like this one was as good or better than others . The first one arrived , we plugged it in and the `` gentle hum '' was very loud . After about two days I noticed a large amount of water on the floor , after checking the unit a crack appeared in the area where the motor attached . I returned the item and got a replacement . The motor on the second unit sounded like a `` dump truck '' and I contacted the manufacturer . E-mailed back and forth and they sent a new motor . Before the new motor arrived , the bottom of this unit cracked even worse than the first unit . I went to Amazon to return this unit and a replacement unit was sent . Again , the motor was very loud . I used the new motor that the manufacturer sent and it got a little quiter with use . Now it 's finally how it should be but it took 3 totally new units and one replacement motor . It was a lot of effort and I 'm not sure I would do it again . Hope you have better luck than I did .
 When my dogs quit drinking the tap water , I then noticed that it had way too much chlorine in it , so I decided to look into and purchase an automatic waterer for them . I did n't want to put it off too long because if a dog wo n't drink water , then something is really wrong ; right ? So I came upon the Drinkwell Original Pet Fountain . Well , the good news is that my dogs DID start drinking water again ; the bad news ? There 's plenty of that ... i.e. , bad news , that is -LRB- LOL -RRB- . First , like others before me have posted , it 's a nightmare to clean ! And because it 's made of this hard , plastic material , one has to be careful not to break it when pulling the back apart . My biggest complaint , though , is of the mess that it makes . I thought that my dogs drinking out of a regular , stainless steel bowl was bad enough , but that does n't even come close to the mess made with this fountain ! I have taken it apart , cleaned it , and made sure that it is put together correctly , but it still seems to lose water in another way other than the dogs making a dripping mess . The filters do n't last very long , either , especially in a multiple-pet household . Next , I have to fill the fountain up so much , having three dogs ; and the cats refuse to drink out of it still yet since the dogs use it , so it 's about as worthless as ... well , you can imagine that for yourself . I think it would be cheaper to just buy gallons of filtered water or keep a Brita pitcher to fill the pet water bowl ; I have to do that , anyway , for the cats.Bottom line ? I would NOT recommend this unless one has a single small animal ; and even then , I 'm not sure that I would recommend it since it 's such a bear to clean . I never dreamed this thing would be so labor-intensive to use and/or operate , but in our household , it is .
 At first we were very pleased with this product because it attracted our cat to drink more water ... . but , when it came time to disassemble it and clean it , my opinion changed . The motor is in very close quarters and it is very difficult to get a finger in the groove to rotate the motor and remove it . I had to resort to using a small tool and that was a fatal mistake ... The plastic bowl is not that rigid and I cracked the unit near the motor mount . That rendered the unit unrepairable and useless ... so , if you have anything but tiny fingers ... forget it ! I replaced this unit with The Cat Mate brand and I recommend that model over this Drinkwell model because it is easier to disassemble/assemble and it runs with much less noise ...
 This is a great idea , but it leaked from the beginning . Followed instructions and took it apart which took care of the leaking . However , the pump 's noise is so loud , it scares my kitties and is impossible to ignore . Small pumps do n't have to sound like a hair dryer !!!
 I bought a Drinkwell a couple of years ago , and it LEAKS around the pump opening , ruining the laminate floor below . I also have a 10-year old Petmate fountain that still works great It has no such opening -- an infinitely superior design . The Drinkwell one is also much harder to clean . Altogether a more expensive piece of junk .
 So I got my first on about 2 weeks ago . I was soooo excited . My cat is old , has kidney and constipation problems , and I just ca n't get him to drink enough . I spent a good week looking at all my fountain choices and reading reviews . I settled on this one cuz I liked the set up with the large bowl and the waterfall effect . Plus it had a 4 stars . Got it , set it up , within 5 min a HUGE puddle of water was around it . Tried to fix it , would n't fix . It was leaking from where the motor connected to the bowl on the bottom . I thought maybe I just got a bad one so I sent it in for a replacement . That one showed up last week . Set it up again ... same problem . Needless to say , I 'm done with this brand . I sent it back as well and now I 'm looking for a different one to try .
 My cat loved this and had no problems drinking out of it . Unfortunately , I found it much too loud for my apartment . The motor is very loud and music did n't really help drowning it out . I tried placing the fountain on newspaper to get it directly off the floor but it did n't make much of a difference . I could n't stand the noise and so got a different water dish for the cat .
 I purchased this original pet fountain along with the Drinkwell Reservoir , 50 Ounce . They arrived pretty quickly however when I set it up and put water in it , the fountain leaked all over my floor . There was a warning this may happen so it has happened a lot ! When I called customer service as instructed with the warning , they asked me if I got the original or deluxe model.When I said original they sounded like Uhm yeah and told me to put oil on the O ring . I did but it still leaked . I had to fax them my proof of purchase and they said I should receive a new O ring with in 6 weeks . This makes me a pretty Unhappy customer . This one has a design flaw the pump screws into the bowl and if the seal is not just so it leaks . DO N'T get this one ! If I were to do it again and knew about the O ring and the deluxe model I would not have bought this . I feel stuck ! I did not get to use it one day ...
 Bought on Amazon being impress with so many positive reviews . The first one was leaking all over the floor.I thought , it was not positioned correctly . I put a pad under it and a tray in case of leakage . I had to empty the tray and refill the fountain every hour . The regulator of water flow pretty much did nothing , and the water was running with the same intensity on any position.I had to return it for exchange , thinking that I just got a `` lemon '' . The other one did not leak , but it was extremely loud . I put double padding to eliminate vibration with zero improvement in noise level . It was so loud that I had to turn it off for night since it did not let us sleep . I gave up on it when in a couple of weeks it started making a sound like somebody shoots , literally . It was not instead , but in edition to originally loud motor sound.My cat just jumped away from it and was scared even to approach it , not even mention drinking.I returned for refund this time.Amazon return process was super easy and fast.This is why it earned one star , it would be zero without excellent customer service.When one is faulty , it maybe a bad luck , but when the replacement is even worse , it is just a bad product . Ended buying Aqua Cube from Walmart , which works like a charm , and my cat loves it.I still love Amazon shopping .
 I bought this product because my kitten was intrigued when I poured water into her bowl , and often tried to drink the water as I was pouring it . I could n't really justify spending $ 27 for my kitten 's entertainment , but since I am going out of town I decided to get it to provide her with fresh water while I 'm gone . The problem I have with this product is I ca n't figure out where all the water goes . About 16 oz of water disappears in 6-8 hours . I know my cat ca n't possibly be drinking that much , and it seems like too short of time for all that water to evaporate . Furthermore , the floor is n't wet under the product . However , in that 6-8 hour period the water gets so low that the motor starts becoming very loud because it ca n't pump the water anymore since the level is too low . It gets so loud that it has actually woke me up at night -LRB- I 'm a heavy sleepy and have slept through several severe storms -RRB- . Anyway , the fact that the fountain stops pumping after this time frame is maddening . I did n't think I would have to add 16 oz of water to this fountain 3 times a day . Its bigger than I imagined it , but not obnoxiously big ... PROS : - kitten loves it , and drinks much more water-pleasant fountain noise -LRB- when it is working properly -RRB- - easy to assemble and disassemble to cleanCONS : - much larger than a regular cat water dish-water levels drop dramatically in 6-8 hours-loud motor sound when water levels drop-not a very pretty piece of equipment-Will not work if you plan to leave your pet alone for a few days !!! I do n't dislike the idea of this product , however , it 's too much money for a mediocre product .
 Unfortunately the noise was unbearable both to my famil and the cat , who would n't touch it . I returned it . My techie husband pronounce the design of the product `` pathetic ''
 My wife and I bought one of these for our three cats and while it did do everything that it claimed -- they drank more and all that . But good grief what a pain to clean . It 's one of those situations where you 're convinced that the designer has never owned a cat and never used the product.I 'm on the hunt for a replacement for ours and , while I do n't know what I 'm going to get , I know it wo n't be one of these.Note to manufacturers
 I very rarely take the time to review a product , be it positive or negative . Usually , the only thing I take the time to review is the packaging done for shipping . Of course , I 've never been this disappointed , frustrated , or inconvenienced by something I 've purchased from Amazon.com before . When it was arrived , I was excited . Finally , I could stop cleaning up from my cat flipping the water bowl over from pawing at it in an effort to `` freshen '' it!I read the manual before putting it together because that 's just how I do things . My methodical approach sometimes bothers my `` go to it '' husband but it has served me well in the past . The manual , itself , is frustrating . Sometimes , the directions are not very clear but there are no diagrams or pictures to help the consumer out . That being said , assembly is not difficult . I followed all the instructions , exactly as written , for putting the fountain together , then filling the bowl , and then plugging it in . My cat took one drink from it and then darted about the house - I 'm still not sure if he was excited or totally confused . He never returned to it , though he did spend a lot of time simply watching it from across the room.Immediately , I noticed that it is fairly noisy . Other reviewers have commented on the vibrations from the motor echoing off the plastic housing . While I too had that issue , mine would not stop making a regular `` chunk '' noise . It sounded almost like a small pebble being dropped against the plastic - I suspect it was the motor skipping . In an attempt to resolve this issue , I took the entire fountain apart according to the directions in the manual . As others have noted , this is n't necessarily easy to manage but I did so without cracking the plastic or otherwise damaging the fountain . I also noticed , at this point , that the motor was fairly warm ; it was more warm than I would think it should be . I followed the tips in the manual , hoping that this would resolve the issue , and put the fountain back together . Again , I followed the instructions to the letter . When I filled it up and plugged it back in , however , the popping/chunk noise continued.Resigned , I unplugged the fountain and went directly to the manufacturer 's webpage . Upon reading their FAQ , I found some other things I could try in an effort to make this fountain work properly . Again I drained it , took it apart , removed the then-quite-hot motor , and checked to make sure the pin was seated properly -LRB- FAQ suggestion -RRB- - it was . I lubricated the propeller while I had it apart -LRB- again , following the manufacturer 's FAQ -RRB- , since I did not want to have to take it apart for a third time in the space of an hour if I could avoid it . Hoping for the best , I put it back together again , refilled it , and plugged it into a surge protector -LRB- also a suggestion from their FAQ -RRB- . Yet , the noise persisted . Again , I am not referring to the loud vibrational hum that other reviewers have noted - mine `` thunked ! `` Quite frustrated at this point , I shut off the surge protector , thus shutting off the fountain and called the manufacturer 's 1-800 customer service line . The representative who took my call was not interested in the details - she cut me off and told me that they would ship me a replacement motor . To me , with my background in retail management , this indicates that their motors are quite often an issue with their customers . She kept talking over me , telling me that they needed some details so they could ship me a new motor , although by this point what I was trying to tell her was that I do n't live in the United States . I 'm a US citizen living in a foreign country . Finally , I interrupted her loudly enough that she listened to what I was saying and directed me to pull up local retailers on their website.Frankly , I am not interested in trying to find a local retailer for a replacement motor that may or may not work properly , especially considering that I live at least some distance from any city large enough to warrant a pet store and am just learning my host country 's language . Completely fed up at this point , I simply told her I would just return the product to Amazon for a full refund . Of course , I will have to pay to ship it back to Amazon and wait to be refunded for what I spend on the return shipping . I had carefully looked at all of the reviews here on this product before purchasing it because of the extra inconvenience in returning anything to Amazon . I felt that the vibrational humming could n't possibly be that loud -LRB- it is , though -RRB- and even if it was I do n't have terribly skittish pets . In other words , I let the positive reviews outweigh the negative ones.However , since most of the reviews I have read do not address the defect my motor obviously has nor the lack of customer service on the part of the manufacturer , I felt obligated to chime in with my own review . I wanted to warn anyone else who might not want to spend an hour trying to get their fountain to work properly , only to take it apart for a third time and pay out-of-pocket return shipping costs within 6 hours of opening the box to begin with . Too boot , I 'm writing this review with extremely sore hands because it really is that hard to take apart without breaking . I 'm young , with small but strong hands and fingers , and this fountain is amazingly difficult to take apart ! I ca n't imagine what someone in their later years , or who might have arthritis or some other problem with their hands , might have to resort to -LRB- I recall one reviewer used a screwdriver to remove the motor , but this resulted in cracking the plastic base -RRB- . So , to sum up , it might work just fine for you . The hum might not be too loud for your animals - even though my non-skittish ones were wary of it they did lack any time to really get used to it . You may get a motor that works like it should . The fountain you receive may not leak -LRB- I did not have that problem , for instance -RRB- . All of the above being said , however , you should be aware that you are taking a gamble . Should it not pan out for you , as it did not for me and so many others , then do n't expect the manufacturer to be of much assistance - and none at all if you live outside of the US . As such , for the first time ever , I am not only rating this product as a one-star purchase but also adding the following caution , echoing other one-star reviews for this product
 I do not recommend this product , due to its excessive noise-level . Purchased this product -LRB- through Amazon -RRB- on September 14 , 2010 ... contacted Veterinary Ventures , Inc. at their Reno , NV address , after receiving product ; their customer service instructed me to completely clean unit/motor , which I did ... reassembled ; still noisy , Phoned the company again , and they graciously mailed me a replacement-motor on September 21 , 2010 , which I installed ... no difference ... still a rumbling , grinding noise after running for a couple of minutes . Rechecked written instructions ; followed recommended cleaning/reassembly instructions ; still no change . So I got disgusted , and instead went to PetSmart , where I purchased a Catit Fresh & Clear # 50053 Drinking Fountain . What a difference ! - - just a whisper of a sound , as it 's running , and my cat is not fearful of this item , as he was of the Drinkwell .
 I purchased this fountain because my cat has an obsession with drinking running water out of the tap . After 9 months of use , the motor has stopped working.Pros : It distracted my cat from bugging me every time I turned a faucet on.Cons : The motor was loud and made a large slurping noise if the water was low.It grew bacteria faster than a normal bowl.It was difficult to clean.After a while , the bowl and spout became stained an orange color , probably from bacteria.The bacteria growth and staining were probably my fault because I was n't OCD about cleaning it -LRB- about once a week -RRB- , but I never had this problem with conventional bowls . I wo n't buy another one and can not recommend because the motor stopped working not even a year after I purchased it .
 When we filled the fountain with water , it started to leak immediately , from some area under the unit . I plugged it in hoping it would stop leaking , but it leaked even more . The motor was noisy . I would not recommend this product to any one .
 kind of pointless product if it leaks . they did design the product so why design it with such a flaw . had to fix it w glue . i wouldnt buy this again
 The fountain arrived in good time and in new condition as indicated by the sales description . It looks nice and is a good size for two or three cats . We followed the directions for basic assembly and first time use . For the first two days , it worked as expected with a nice stream of water for our cats and little or no problems or noise . By day three however , we had to turn the fountain off due to excessive noise . We kept plenty of water in the reservoir to cover the inlet and kept the fountain clean and free of debris . Once it starts making noise , we can turn it off for several hours , then we can turn it back on and it will be quiet for an hour or two before it starts to make excessive noise again . We have a small fish tank with a similar size water pump that has run quietly for YEARS . I 'm surprised this product ca n't run for more than a few days before it starts making so much noise we ca n't hear the TV over it .
 Evidently a design problem -LRB- per other reviews -RRB- . Installation of pump causes cracking of the dish so unit leaks . Mine did so on arrival from vendor .
 Decided to weigh in after reading some of the reviews here and returning the two Drinkwells i just bought because of the noise . I am a huge fan of `` flowing '' water for our cats . They do seem to drink more -- but who really knows , right ? We bought our original Drinkwell years ago and never had one problem with it , LOVED IT ! Cleaned it occasionally , used bottled water and it was QUIET and problem free . Finally , the pump just gave out after maybe 10 years of owning it . Definitely understandable . I went right down and bought a new one and plugged it in and it was `` rattly '' and much noiser than our other one . Thought maybe had gotten a defective unit , so I exchanged it for another . It was just as noisy so i 'm returning that one too . I 'm so disappointed . I decided to see if I could replace the pump and in my looking at the pump that came with the new units , i think -LRB- ? -RRB- they are made in China -- apparently the fountains are made there . Certainly , as I discovered they are not made in Italy , where my original pump was made . We have an outdoor water feature too , and our pump went out and we replaced it with a generic brand -- it was immediately noisy and had lousy water flow . After a little more research we found out that the some of the best water pumps are made in Italy , so we replaced our outside pump with an Italian pump and it 's quiet and great . Bottom line is -- like so many things it 's sad to see these companies `` cheap '' out and replace good parts with inferior parts . So no wonder why so many people are complaining about their short-lived pumps and noise level . Their original pumps were long lasting , quiet and relatively problem free . The new ones apparently are crap . Sadly , if I ca n't find a replacement for my original Italian pump , I 'll be looking for another brand of flowing water bowl for our cats . Shame on Drinkwell !!
 So I recieved this today , -LRB- 3 days before expected ! -RRB- 1st it would not flow ... called customer service , gave nothing.finally flows BUT sounds like a LOUD perulator , cats will not go near it . . so I will return it
 In theory , this is a great product . My cats loved it until it broke just out of warranty.But , as others have noted , it has one annoying design flaw and one fatal design flaw.The annoying one is that there are too many nooks and crannies for a device that is designed to hold water all the time . You get mold buildup in some of the corners and the upper reservoir that pours the water out at the top is much deeper than it needs to be . You need a bristle brush to clean it effectively and even a toothpick in some places.The fatal flaw is that the motor fits much too tightly . You 're supposed to take the motor out at every cleaning -LRB- and you must if you 're going to put the body through the dishwasher -RRB- , but there is very little room to get your fingers around the motor to pry it out . Getting out the motor just plain hurts . Eventually , the stress of twisting the motor in and out cracks the plastic around the mount on the base and the unit starts leaking .
 After just a couple of months use , my Drinkwell fountain developed a leak and became unuseable . It was leaking from the part where the motor is inserted into the base - the rubber ring meant to seal the connection was not sufficient . The leak was really significant ; within 30 minutes there would be a big puddle on the floor . I would try reinserting the motor repeatedly to create a tighter seal , but I 've given up . I do n't want to deal with it every time I have to disassemble the fountain for cleaning . If not for this problem , I do like the fountain and my cat was a big fan . I wish they would fix the design so that the motor is contained in a closed section of the unit .
 The first one I ordered leaked everywhere and the company sent me a new one free of hassle . The second one worked , but it 's nearly impossible to get the motor out of it to clean it . I have long thin fingers , and not even I could get the thing . The fountain cracked in my attempt . It is now completely useless . Otherwise it worked well , which is why I gave this product two stars instead of one . Definitely not buying this fountain again . My cat needs a fountain to drink out of for his bladder health , I do n't have money to get a new one , so now my cat will suffer because a company ca n't put out a decent product . Do not buy this product . It is not worth the frustration .
 First one leaked as soon as it was turned on . Second one leaked too . Cat really was interested , too bad product was defective . Return was easy .
 This lasted a week before it started leaking uncontrollably . Spend the extra 20 bucks and get the nicer metal ones .
 I think that the Drinkwell fountain is very , very easy to clean . I like the adjustable flow valve . But at some point you have to take the pump out to give a thorough cleaning and that 's where the big problem arises . After putting the pump back in , it leaked . I took it apart , cleaned the rubber `` O '' ring again , reassembled , it still leaked . Went to the hardware store , bought a new O ring , still leaked . I guess I 'll be heading off to the store to buy a new fountain and I 'm pretty sure it wont be another Drinkwell . -LRB- I never did like the idea of that pump being on the outside of the unit . -RRB- At some point that pump has to be taken out and cleaned . When you do , good luck .
 I was very disappointed with the purchase of the water fountain for my cat . I had ordered the fountain and it immediately started leaking from the bottom where the motor connects . Its poorly designed . The joints are below the bowl and therefore leaks easily . I thought at first maybe i had just received a faulty one and amazon was great about shipping me a new one right away when i complained about it . But the second one i received also leaked . It eventually `` clogged '' the hole from where it was leaking and stopped . But now after two months its leaking bad again and its too late for me to be able to send it back . I have to keep it on a tray and a towel wrapped around it to keep it from soaking our carpet . Im getting ready to throw this out but i hate that i spent the money on it and am now stuck with this piece of junk . Do n't buy it !
 This fountain leaks all over the floor . I wrote to Amazon to see what to do about a defective product I purchased from Amazon Ltd but NO ONE HAS REPLIED . It worked for about a week and my cats loved it .
 I originally got the petmate fountain and I love it but while living in KY where the water has a lot of calcium it calcified the fountain so I wanted to get a new one and based on the good and some bad reviews I decided to try this fountain , BIG MISTAKE . I love amazon I have no problem with them just the product so I am returning it.Oh where to start . The reservoir you have to buy separately with the petmate I have a 50oz reservoir that comes with it , and is enclosed in the fountain and can not be knocked over or leak . This one you can almost blow on and it fall over and if you do not put the holder on right it leaks . I have a cat that digs for his water and he would knock it over easily . When it filled the bowl it gurgled making my cats want to play with it which resulted in knocking it over . The fountain is LOUD unless the flow adjust is set to the lowest setting . The noise scared my cats , it did not entice them to come drink . Instead I got looks of what the heck mom is that?I like the flow control but that can not out do the bad . It goes through water so fast , I have 5 cats so I would be filling it at least 5 times a day with the petmate I fill it once a day , and it is much quieter and it flows down a ramp which my cats love . SO I am going back to the petmate . I would highly recommed the petmate for anyone looking for a pet fountain.I would recommend a pet fountain for anyone who has cats but especially male cats because it helps keep away crystals in their urine . Which one of my boys recently had and since putting the fountain back along with a change in diet he is doing great . My cats are not picky and they REALLY love the fresh flowing water . Just research fountains and read all reviews so you can make the best choice .
 Water fountains for pets is a great idea but I 'm still waiting for somebody who actually owns pets to create the perfect water fountain that is n't so expensive . This one has too many cons for it 's cost -LRB- $ 50.00 at Petco -RRB- , so I will be returning mine . Besides being overpriced here are other cons
 I 've owned Drinkwell 's in the past and never had an issue like I did with this one . It leaked water and rather quickly . Within 4 hours , I had to empty the tray -LRB- IKEA plastic one -RRB- because it had filled with water . I just did the same thing again a few hours later and then unplugged it . It 's a shame , because my cat does like to drink from it , but it helps if it keeps the water IN the fountain and not outside of it . Bummer.For those who complained about the noise , if there is n't enough water , it does make a grinding noise . Otherwise , the gurgling water is a nice sound .
 Purchased this for our 8 pound dog . Also purchased extra filters and a cleaning kit.The uint was kept full of water , cleaned twice a week and filters were changed reqularly.It always made noise from day one and finally died after only four months of use.Very disapointed with this product.It is a great idea , but the engineering and manufacture level is a joke.Save the hassel and buy something else .
 I have only had this product a few days and will be returning it . The motor noise is erratic and often so loud I have to turn it off . Even with daily water changes , black film forms on the inside surfaces -LRB- those under the water -RRB- . Says to clean motor weekly , but because of above problems I tried after 3 days and was unable to get motor out .
 Funny how they said it would just be the trickling water sound - the motor is RIDICULOUSLY loud : -LRB- Very disappointed .
 Do not purchase this version of the product . I just got mine and it leaks . The representatives at drinkwell were great and I 'm getting a replacement , but I regret the purchase . I just took it out of the box and have to ship it back . Hopefully the replacement will not leak .
 Great idea but cheap plastic . Cats loved it but the plastic is so thin it cracked around the motor hole within a month . Directions specifically say to remove the motor and clean it regularly . However , removing the motor was n't easy for me and the opening cracked the second time I did it . There is a warning that this might happen if you do n't turn the motor 90 degrees before removing . I thought I was doing it right but I guess not . The crack seemed small but it was big enough to leak . As I am not handy , attempts to fix it failed and I ended up throwing it away . I should of just not bothered taking the motor out to clean it but I wanted to follow the instructions . Very disappointed , especially since following the directions is how i broke it !
 This was a great waterer for the time it lasted -LRB- which was about 3 months -RRB- . I have 2 cats that love to drink out of the faucet -LRB- fresh running water -RRB- so I figured the fountain would be a perfect fit for them . It was . . until it died . Cleaned it every 3-4 days . . and then one day . . nothing . I wo n't try it again !! $ 40 down the tubes . .
 We received this a couple days before going on an extended vacation -LRB- even paid extra to have it shipped 2nd day so we would receive it on time -RRB- . We also bought the extra reservoir . We set it up immediately after we received it , let it run overnight , and in the morning found it had leaked all over the floor and there was a smell as if the motor was burning . We had no time to do anything about it prior to our vacation , so we unplugged it and put it away . Unfortunately , because we were on vacation , we also missed our window to return it . Waste of time and money .
 It was very , very difficult to separate the motor from the bowl and this made it fairly difficult to clean the motor . After about 7 months water began to leak where the motor and bowl met . The leakage was significant enough that there would be a puddle after about 1 hour use . Obviously , I had to throw out the fountain . If the only problem I had was removing the motor I would have given this product 4 stars but since it is now useless I have given it 1 .
 Difficult to assemble , with poor instructions . No labels on parts diagrams , but it is expected that one knows the names of them . Many parts not shown in diagram.When I finally got it together , it leaked all over the place . I put it back in the box and returned it requesting a replacement . A couple of weeks later , still nothing.At the time I ordered this fountain , I also ordered extra filters to make the order large enough to qualify for free shipping . I sent the extra filters back at the same time I sent the leaky fountain back , and I immediately received a new package of filters along with an email saying `` your order is complete '' . The filters are , obviously , useless without a working fountain . Now what about paying for shipping to replace them?A very unsatisfactory experience -LRB- so far -RRB- .
 Our cats love drinking from the pouring water , and the small amount of noise is tolerable , but the amount of cleaning required I consider cumbersome -- a thorough cleaning every second or third day . There are too many small spaces , crevices , and corners in the water flow path . These areas stagnate flow and create areas for mold growth.I does the trick but simple design improvements could make it better !
 I purchased 2 of the Drinkwell fountains for my 10 indoor cats to replace some ceramic Cherub fountains that everyone insisted on drinking out of . Since the Cherub fountains had no filter , I was n't happy with the possibility the water was n't the freshest , and worried about bacteria , etc. . Since the Drinkwell fountains small size would fit in the space of the Cherub fountains , I was quite pleased with the solution , but Holy Cow !! ... They sound like an outboard motor running and the noise is just unbelievable !! We 're not talking about a small hum here , we 're talking about a REAL racket !! I took one of them back to the store where I purchased them and had them exchange it for a different one , just to see if it was the 2 particular fountains I purchased ... Nope !! They ALL sound that way !! How could ANYone possibly recommend this product to cats who enjoy tranquilty and peaceful surroundings ? If I continue to use these , I will have to buy my 10 cats earmuffs !! ... The water fountain I WOULD recommend is the Petmate , which I have had for over 4 months , peaceful and serene , a real pleasure to own . Do n't EVER buy this Drinkwell , it 's more expensive than the Petmate and it 's a piece of junk compared to the way the Petmate is made ! Remember , these fountains made noise from the git-go , the intake was n't clogged and the water has been full from the very beginning . I even have a cloth under both of them to try and muffle the noise , to no avail ... If I could give this product NO stars , I definitely WOULD ... . My suggestion ? Get a Petmate !!
 I bought this unit and it leaked , so I returned it and the next one leaked as well . Called customer service -LRB- very nice and helpful -RRB- and they said it was the `` O '' ring that interfaces between the motor and the plastic housing that was causing the leak . Said they would send me a replacement . I am giving up on this model and just purchased the competitor and will give that one a shot . This fountain was for our little fawn abyssinnian named LuLu . She is four months old and cute as a button .
 Leaks like a sieve , cheap plastic . I just want my money back !!!! i would never advise anyone to buy this as it is crud !!!
 loud and needs to be heavier , cat 's just move it around spilling water all over the place . Pretty much bogus .
 I have used this fountain over the years , and buy a new one when it needs cleaning . Bought one in May 2012 , worked great . Needed cleaning in October , so I bought this one . It leaked around the motor , badly . And yes , I tried to remove and reinstall the motor several times in an effort to stop the leak . No luck . So I threw it away and ordered another new one , which also leaked in the same spot . On that one , I tried to stop the leak with acquarium sealant , no luck . When this little fountain works , it 's great . But there are certainly lemons out there !
 I was so excited about the idea of this product . All four of my dogs love nylabones and I thought this would be a lot more exciting than the standard chews . Within two minutes of giving the BarbeChew to my Boston terrier -LRB- medium chewer -RRB- , she had already made a significant break in the white `` bone '' portion of the toy . At which point , I took the toy away before she could swallow any pieces.On the back of the packaging it says that it is for medium chewers , I would not even recommend it for that .
 These ribs seem to taste great to my doggies , but my 35 lb . Ridgeback mix chewed right through the white rib ends within 10 minutes of me giving it to her . She really loves them ... They almost smell like ribs or bacon , and apparently she thinks they are the real thing , but i 'm going to have to carefully supervise her with this to make sure she does n't break off big pieces . I give it another 2 days before it is totally devoured into a million tiny pieces on the floor ! The price was cheap enough , so I guess it 's OK as long as my pups are happy : -RRB- Update
 The BBQ Rib Chew is coated in a gummy material that my pit bull decimated in mere minutes . It became unsafe almost immediately after unwrapping . The look and novelty is cute , but the function is awful !
 We thought this would be a nice variation of the BarBChew t-bone toy , but this one is rubbery in texture , does n't have a flavor for the dog to notice . He looked at it , dropped it and never bothers with it . Total waste of $ $ .
 I have three of these pens and after a few uses the plastic connectors broke . I wrote to the company `` General Cage '' and their customer service told me they import them and do n't carry any parts , so too bad . Well I am out $ 300.00 and I hope no one else makes the same mistake I did .
 This is a lovely pen but I also had problems with the plastic connectors . One of them is stuck and wo n't open so I ca n't open the pen to let the dog in . I would have to lift a 65lb dog over it.I called General Cage customer service to see if I could have it repaired or get a new connector and have it repaired myself . They told me that they no longer carry any parts because everything is made in ... China ! And they do n't repair because everything is made in ... China ! So too bad for the customer . As far as they were concerned it was my tough luck and I would just have to buy another . These are way to expensive to replace so often . Look for something that is made in the USA and has replacement parts available . General Cage is not what it used to be and is certainly not a Green company !
 This pen looks good and is very lightweight , but is designed terribly . Every other panel is about 2 inches off the ground which allows any dog to put their nose under it , and be out in 2 minutes or less . If you leave your dog for even a few minutes , do not expect them to be there when you return .
 We are dog show people and purchased three of these pens to use next to our RV at dog shows . They are great for allowing a little breeze to flow through while blocking the sun . We have had them for several years and used them perhaps twenty times . We were very happy until this weekend when at least 10 of the plastic connectors broke as we were setting up . As the units will no longer stand up the entire pen was rendered worthless . Three hundred dollars wasted . After this experience I would strongly recommend you save your money and avoid buying the General Cage It 's a breeze exercise pen .
 We purchased four of these to use outside our RV at dog shows . They worked fine for the first year then the plastic connectors between the panels started to break and the entire unit became useless . When I contacted General Cage for parts to fix them I was told they had no spare parts and I was out of luck . Bottom line they went out in the trash and I wasted $ 500 .
 This pen was easy to set up and it look great . We decorated the pen with small toy , water & food bowl and small toys just for our lil girl Bella in order to bering her extra comfort . It did n't take her a full hour before she learned how to jump this pen . She is a small breed , -LRB- dorkie -RRB- but she can get enough height to jump this pen ... she only 6 pounds and barely passes my ankles when on all fours . Even with the top cover she cleverly learned how to jump out within 24 hours . Going to return ASAP ... so sad .
 I assumed they were the size of a standard frisbee ring so I purchased 10 . Once they arrived , I was very dissapointed that they were so small and made of such thick rubber . My dog wo n't go near them .
 We purchased four of these to use outside our RV at dog shows . They worked fine for the first year then the plastic connectors between the panels started to break and the entire unit became useless . When I contacted General Cage for parts to fix them I was told they had no spare parts and I was out of luck . Bottom line they went out in the trash and I wasted $ 500 .
 This pen was easy to set up and it look great . We decorated the pen with small toy , water & food bowl and small toys just for our lil girl Bella in order to bering her extra comfort . It did n't take her a full hour before she learned how to jump this pen . She is a small breed , -LRB- dorkie -RRB- but she can get enough height to jump this pen ... she only 6 pounds and barely passes my ankles when on all fours . Even with the top cover she cleverly learned how to jump out within 24 hours . Going to return ASAP ... so sad .
 I have three of these pens and after a few uses the plastic connectors broke . I wrote to the company `` General Cage '' and their customer service told me they import them and do n't carry any parts , so too bad . Well I am out $ 300.00 and I hope no one else makes the same mistake I did .
 This is a lovely pen but I also had problems with the plastic connectors . One of them is stuck and wo n't open so I ca n't open the pen to let the dog in . I would have to lift a 65lb dog over it.I called General Cage customer service to see if I could have it repaired or get a new connector and have it repaired myself . They told me that they no longer carry any parts because everything is made in ... China ! And they do n't repair because everything is made in ... China ! So too bad for the customer . As far as they were concerned it was my tough luck and I would just have to buy another . These are way to expensive to replace so often . Look for something that is made in the USA and has replacement parts available . General Cage is not what it used to be and is certainly not a Green company !
 This pen looks good and is very lightweight , but is designed terribly . Every other panel is about 2 inches off the ground which allows any dog to put their nose under it , and be out in 2 minutes or less . If you leave your dog for even a few minutes , do not expect them to be there when you return .
 We are dog show people and purchased three of these pens to use next to our RV at dog shows . They are great for allowing a little breeze to flow through while blocking the sun . We have had them for several years and used them perhaps twenty times . We were very happy until this weekend when at least 10 of the plastic connectors broke as we were setting up . As the units will no longer stand up the entire pen was rendered worthless . Three hundred dollars wasted . After this experience I would strongly recommend you save your money and avoid buying the General Cage It 's a breeze exercise pen .
 I have three of these pens and after a few uses the plastic connectors broke . I wrote to the company `` General Cage '' and their customer service told me they import them and do n't carry any parts , so too bad . Well I am out $ 300.00 and I hope no one else makes the same mistake I did .
 This is a lovely pen but I also had problems with the plastic connectors . One of them is stuck and wo n't open so I ca n't open the pen to let the dog in . I would have to lift a 65lb dog over it.I called General Cage customer service to see if I could have it repaired or get a new connector and have it repaired myself . They told me that they no longer carry any parts because everything is made in ... China ! And they do n't repair because everything is made in ... China ! So too bad for the customer . As far as they were concerned it was my tough luck and I would just have to buy another . These are way to expensive to replace so often . Look for something that is made in the USA and has replacement parts available . General Cage is not what it used to be and is certainly not a Green company !
 This pen looks good and is very lightweight , but is designed terribly . Every other panel is about 2 inches off the ground which allows any dog to put their nose under it , and be out in 2 minutes or less . If you leave your dog for even a few minutes , do not expect them to be there when you return .
 We are dog show people and purchased three of these pens to use next to our RV at dog shows . They are great for allowing a little breeze to flow through while blocking the sun . We have had them for several years and used them perhaps twenty times . We were very happy until this weekend when at least 10 of the plastic connectors broke as we were setting up . As the units will no longer stand up the entire pen was rendered worthless . Three hundred dollars wasted . After this experience I would strongly recommend you save your money and avoid buying the General Cage It 's a breeze exercise pen .
 We purchased four of these to use outside our RV at dog shows . They worked fine for the first year then the plastic connectors between the panels started to break and the entire unit became useless . When I contacted General Cage for parts to fix them I was told they had no spare parts and I was out of luck . Bottom line they went out in the trash and I wasted $ 500 .
 This pen was easy to set up and it look great . We decorated the pen with small toy , water & food bowl and small toys just for our lil girl Bella in order to bering her extra comfort . It did n't take her a full hour before she learned how to jump this pen . She is a small breed , -LRB- dorkie -RRB- but she can get enough height to jump this pen ... she only 6 pounds and barely passes my ankles when on all fours . Even with the top cover she cleverly learned how to jump out within 24 hours . Going to return ASAP ... so sad .
 I am ashamed to say we used this on my boxer growing up . It hurt him so much he 'd grab the leash to prevent it from pinching his neck . Did nothing to teach him to walk better.I have a much , much larger and stronger dog now . He is 90 lbs , and was abused as a pup so he gets startled and I need extra control . I have him on a gentle leader , which does not hurt him at all and gives me so much more control than this thing.Please do n't buy this thing !
 Have not used this because the instructions are very lame . If I had it to do over I would have ordered one that comes with rubber tips that are inserted over the metal ends .
 Firstly , dog collars are not training devices . They are used for safety , and only safety.This type of collar can only work because it inflicts discomfort and/or pain on the dog , and eventually , out of fear of that pain , they stop pulling , and heal ... but , in the long run , it does more damage to them than we realise . This type of collar , and any type of training that would be used with it , can create behaviour problems later in life , such as fear or aggression.If your dog pulls on the leash , there are other ways to discourage it without any of the pain and fear , such as using a safety harness . Using a safety harness takes away all of the pressure from the dog 's neck and back , which is extremely important.In one behavioural expert 's study , it showed that 252 out of 400 dogs suffered from misaligned spines , and 75 % of those dogs had behavioural problems . This is caused by people jerking on the leash -LRB- another bad ` training method ' -RRB- . The safety harness eliminates this problem , as even normal tug can put a lot of pressure around the dog 's throat.Also , it is sometimes thought that a safety harness is only used if the dog has not been trained properly , this is also not true.As I have alread stated , collars are for safety , and not training . The safety harness keeps pressure off the dog 's throat and back while they are still learning , and then after training , simply keeps them safe.Using methods that involve pain -LRB- sometimes called ` corrections ' -RRB- is an outdated dog training system that has been scientifically proven NOT to be the safest or most effective path.I am not just reviewing this collar , but all collars of its type . I hope you take this review into consideration , and end up using something kinder , more humane and more effective for your dog .
 I am a small woman and I have a 90 lb abused rescue pit-mix who used to lunge at everyone who walked by . I have been training him with the gentle leader , and it 's been painless and effective . With the head halter I have enough control to teach the dog that pulling is not effective without hurting him.And yes I have seen this prong thing in action . When I was a kid we used one on my boxer . It worked by making him scared of pulling . instead he 'd get hyper-aroused and grab the leash . I feel terrible about using this thing now , especially that I have seen a painless collar work on my much stronger dog .
 The fact that someone can not take the leadership in a human/dog pack , does NOT mean that the dog has to be tortured , I have had several boxers and trained one of them for Shutzhund successfully without ever using any kind of violence ; dogs are sociable and intelligent animals , maybe humans sometimes are not up to the task !!!
 This looks like some kind of torture device for dogs . I 'm saddened that people who claim to love their dogs would put something like this on them . I 'm equally saddened that a reputable website like Amazon would even sell such a thing .
 I 'm not bashing this product based on the same anti-cruelty stance as many of the uninformed reviewers on here are . I have used the product on a very leash dominant dog . Actually , it did not hurt him in the least bit even with all his pulling and lunging at other dogs . To my surprise , he continued on with the same behavior , despite using this collar . And yes , it was sized and fitted correctly . I did find more success with the gentle leader head collar in training him to walk properly on a leash . I got this leash on a recommendation from someone that I know and witnessed them use to great GREAT success with their dog . However , on my dog ... it just did n't make a difference with all the behavior for which I bought it to train out of .
 I purchased this item about 2 months ago and just learned I missed the window for a full refund or exchange . Very frustrating as this collar worked for the first month and then the clasp started jamming so I am only able to use it about 50 % of the time . There is no excuse for not have a way to exchange a product that worked properly for less than two months . Very frustrating . Since these collars are supposed to be a high quality option , I 'd recommend buyers go directly through seller so that in the event the product no longer works , there is a reasonable return/exchange policy .
 I have a 60 pound boxer mix . She is extremely hyper and very stubborn when it comes to listening . With that said , this collar did n't phase my dog when I used it with her when going for walks around the block and in the park . The training leash our vet gave us works a lot better on her than this collar , as does her harness . I bought the collar so when we went for walks she would n't run ahead and would n't jump on people when they approached her -LRB- her normal leash and collar were n't much help in that department -RRB- . Unfortunately , when other people saw this collar on her they assumed she was aggressive . I 'm assuming because it looks like a collar someone would use to make their dog aggressive or to obey because of pain -LRB- which it is n't painful to the dog if used right -RRB- . When my dog would lunge forward to play with them the collar would n't bother her one bit and this action just reinforced the individuals fears -LRB- of her being aggressive -RRB- . My dog is much better on a leash now and listens very well . Not because of this collar but because of the training leash her vet gave us -LRB- and because she 's older and knows better -RRB- .
 My dog has taken this quick release collar off 8 times in 1 month . I have taken it off by accident 3 times in 1 month . The quick release is a great idea but very flawless . I prefer the original pinch collar.Thanks
 First , I 'm not that familiar with writing reviews , so please bare with me.Second , This review is solely based on my experience with the pinch collar with the quick release that I purchased on amazon.Third , I understand that pinch collar work for certain people , but unfortunately not for me.So here it goes . The pinch collar with quick release is not good for any dog that get over excited or has a habit of lunging . SO THIS IS NOT GOOD FOR BIG PUPPIES.I have a 7 months old husky . He is still being trained but he still has the habit of being over excited when walking outside . He is also still excited when it comes to other animals . So he has the tendency to pull and/or lunge towards any excitement . I have always been against the pinch collar to begin with , since I feel it came be harmful -LRB- I say this because I have tried it around my wrist and it hurts -RRB- . But since I have heard it was great for pulling and since I 've seen my vet uses it , I thought why not try . So I purchased the quick release about a week an a half ago.I chose the quick release for a reason because it is easier to take off and put on for me . UNFORTUNATELY , This came back to bite me in the a $ $ . I put on the collar and went on a walk with my dog around the block . He ended up seeing a dog and started to jump up in excitement enough to paw at the quick release clasp and got out . My dog ended up running into the street and got hit by a SUV . Lucky , he came out with just a limp and few bite mark for me -LRB- from carrying him -RRB- for a few days.If some of you are wondering why I did n't attach the leash to the pinch collar and his regular collar as enforcement , the reason why was because the pinch collar would always overlap the regular collar either choking him while the pinch goes inward on the walks or become useless if the pinch collar overlap the whole collar -LRB- since the whole point of it is for the pongs to pinch the animal -RRB- . So as I wrote before , this is not good for over excited animals . The clasp should be more forceful for us to use and not for the animal to be able to release themselves . If you still want to use one buy the one with no quick release cause in the end , even if you 're unlucky like I am , you be able to have that security that your pet would not be able to release themselves out into the street and get hit by a car .
 I never received the prong collar ordered and paid for . I deserve a refund .
 I 've always used a pinch collar on my Doberman . Recently I moved to a higher traffic area , downsizing his yard , and getting the old collar over his head for every outing was not working for either of us . This accomplishes the easy on/off , but I 'm a little disappointed . The prongs are not as rounded as his other collar , and it has come unlatched before when we were on a walk which is scary . Would n't really recommend this particular one , especially for the price .
 My wife is an Oregon alumni , so I thought it would be neat for our 50 pound dog . The collar looks very good , but with even a slight tug from the dog , will not stay tight . I 've needed to tighten it up after every walk , which , needless to say , gets quite annoying . I have n't had this problem with other collars like this , so I 'm not really sure why this one does this . Hopefully they can make a far more sturdy collar in the future , because this one is only good for use on game day .
 I ordered these as I have ordered from Amazon 24 inch dog bones . These arrived and appeared to be the same however , definately were not . These came apart in little pieces and broke like potato chips . One of the primary reasons to order these bones is so they dont come apart in little pieces . They were paper thin amd broke apart in to smaller pieces way to easily . . These were definately a cheap poor imitation of the ones I recived before . . I will throw away the remaining 3 to avoid further probelms with my dog chocking on the small pieces ... . Stay away from this seller ...
 I have been waiting for almost 2 weeks and still have not got any information or tracking on my order . I have tried to contact this company and am also still waiting on a response . I also found the 24 '' rawhide on another site for half the price and received my order in three days . By far the worst company to deal with , they do n't seem to care about their customers in my opinion .
 I bought this bone because its length is good for my large dog . The structure of the bone 's material is very weak and prone to premature breaking and tearing . I would recommend looking elsewhere if your dog has any teeth .
 My dog used to love these until I found out they were not good for his digestive track . These bones truly were like dog crack . He would act crazy when he got one ! Now I have him on natural bones and his behavior has changed completely . Now he 's easier to live with . I would not recommend giving these to your dog , they are not healthy at all for them .
 We got this for our 2 chinchillas so they would n't chew through it but it turns out the water does n't always flow correctly . I 'm having to check it constantly . I do n't have peace of mind using this water bottle . I will be replacing it as soon as possible .
 I ' ve had the same problem as many reviewers here
 I am happy with the shipment and quality of the flap . It was just like the one I need to replace except it is 1/8 inch shorter . I guess the door was shortened a little since I purchased mine in 1988 . I will still install the flap when the weather warms up and next winter will add weather stripping to the bottom of the flap frame and hope the jury rig will work .
 I am very displeased with the item that I recieved . I searched carefully to find the proper replacement flap for my pet door . I could not find it in Canada , so went to online and checked the specs carefully , and ordered based on the picture and specs provided . I have ended up with a flap that is too small for the pet door , and not the one shown in the picture . Consequenly I have 1/4 to / 1/2 inch gap on the sides , where the outside air is free to come and go as it pleases . I am going to have to buy a whole new door . Very disappointed .
 This is the third replacement flap I have purchased
 First one arrived and it was deformed along the edge . Amazon took care of with no problem in a timely manner . When the replacement one arrived I installed it and although it appears to be the same quality , it does not seal as well as the original . Maybe the magnets are n't as strong or maybe it is just a little shorter ... but the slightest puff of wind now blows the door open . I am sorry that I threw the original out with the trash , because even with a slight tear in it it did a better job than either of the ones I received .
 Beware that there are two slightly different sizes and designs available . This is apparently the right type and is nearly the right width for my older doors , but is either a bit too short or the magnets are too weak to pick up the movable bar at the bottom . I have taped the bar in the up position to compensate . If you want a decent air seal , consider replacing the entire unit rather than just the flap .
 Back in 2004 , when remodeling my house , I 've bought a PetSafe door -LRB- actually , two of them -RRB- and got my contractor to install proper wall and door passages . I 've replaced the doors once and now they are due for another replacement . On PetSafe Web site , I found that this type and size is called `` Ultimate Extra-Large '' . To my surprise , nobody is carrying this type anymore . The current models are usually narrower and taller . What am I supposed to do , remodel the house again ? Changing the shape of stucco cutoff is quite expensive!I will never buy PetSafe product again if they are not able to provide proper long-term support . I do n't mind if they change colors or materials , but they should at least support previous door sizes , because walls and doors have much longer life span than pet doors .
 This product must be a second . The manufacturer 's label is upside down on the flap . Does n't fit properly . The magnets are placed intermittently across the bottom of the flap . Our old one the magnets are all across the bottom , making it hold better . I wanted to return it but this is not a returnable or exchangeable item I found out . It 's not the right fit . I will try to make it work since I ca n't return it . I 'm disappointed .
 I 'm now on my 3rd one of these flaps for a sliding glass door pet panel . Considering how expensive the initial door purchase was , it really stings to pay this high price for these replacement flaps . The flap that came with the door was torn out of the frame inside of a year . The replacement flap seemed to be of slightly higher quality , but it 's lasted less than 2 years and now is mostly split where it is hung from the aluminum frame and there are large gaps on either side of the flap . Flies come in through these open spaces . I have no choice but to purchase these replacement flaps but it really bothers me every time I do .
 The flap was easy to install and worked fine , except I have a young dog and he still likes to chew and the flap was in pieces after only a couple of days . I 'm not sure what , if anything can be done to solve this problem .
 This flap measures 8 x 11 . The old flap measured 8.25 x 11.25 . And I know this is true because I kept the last one I bought from PetSafe thru Amazon , and the measurements are listed right on the front of the box . I even took a tape and measured it . The old flaps also had 4 holes/screws at the top . . where 'd that go ? Soo , one must conclude that PetSafe just decided it was more profitable to sell new doors than replacement flaps . I quess the only way to get around this is to just go find the plastic material and make your own flap that fits the door , otherwise live with a door that has a 1/4 '' gap on both sides and wo n't even close right .
 Even thought Petsafe is advertised as having taken over Johnson pet doors , their replacement flaps do no fit the Johnson doors . In the past I was able to purchase the Johnson replacement flap , I am now afraid that I will have to purchase a whole new dog door and `` re-carpenter '' the opening .
 The product description is not the same as what was delivered to my home . I did not have to open it up.It was just to small , AND WAS A SINGLE FLAP INSTEAD OF TWO . I sent it back to Amazon for a full refund and I expect them to pick up the shippiong cost as well . This was a very bad idea to buy when it was presented to me as the right one.Now I will see how it goes still waiting for my credit to my mcBrian
 About 3/16 '' too short as replacement for my Pet Smart patio pet door . With skill you can trim off the bottom 1/2 of the placement tabs and it will be a fair , but not perfect fit . The measurements given were accurate , but in belief of other review adn websites claiming `` never mind the dimensions -- it will work in Pet Smart door also '' I bought one . Shipping was almost instantaneous .
 It was not the right one but we customized it to fit too much trouble to send back and would have cost way to much .
 I believe the `` meets airline travel requirements '' is for in-cabin travel , or it 's entirely possible that this was the fault of the gate agent at United , but for animals flying as checked baggage , the airline would not accept these carriers . Bear in mind this is not clear at all from United 's website , but they insisted that the carrier be held together with bolts and plastic screwtops vs. the plastic flexible bindings that are meant to be used to secure the two halves of the carrier together -LRB- and were not included with our purchase -RRB- . So imagine the fun of getting to the airport , finding out you ca n't fly without new carriers which United is happy to sell you `` without profit '' but for a little over $ 150 dollars for two ... not to mention getting the cats back out of the carriers , trying to stick the puppy training pads into the new ones ... but that 's a review for United.The problem is , they 're not wrong about these carriers . Even with the plastic zip ties holding the two halves together , a heavy weight on top can cause the sides to bow outwards and the door will pop free . I drilled additional holes and added extra zip ties -LRB- especially around the door -RRB- but I still was n't comfortable with how much give these had when weight was applied . I 'll admit that I was going overboard -LRB- I sat on them -RRB- but fall heavy objects happen when they 're in cargo.They 're roomy , though , so if you 're looking to kennel train or take someone to the vet they 're just fine . Did not work for international air travel as checked baggage , though , and I would be hesitant about traveling using these without reinforcing them yourself . We bought a medium and a small .
 I purchased this nesting material for my birds , only to end up with a stringy mess ! They had it all over the cage , stuck to the sides of the cage -LRB- or anything that got damp -RRB- including their feed/water dishes . Is merely string pieces in a box .
 First time I have ever had a problem with a product like this lost 3 baby finches who were wrapped tightly in string .
 When I found this product I was ecstatic over its cheap price . However , when it arrived , I clicked it about five times and it broke ! Now it clicks only sporadically , which , needless to say , is completely useless for clicker training . I ended up buying clickers from Karen Pryor 's website . They cost a dollar each , but operate with a button mechanism , which I like a lot better . So far so good with the new clickers .
 ok I did n't buy it from amazon , but I use a lot of clickers for dog training , , the sit stay basic box clickers work well and do n't bend or break and fit the hand right . Clients hated these , they were too big for the hand .
 There are 2 reasons you should n't buy the Petco Dog Training Clicker :1 . The construction and design is basic and barebones . You ca n't see it the product photo , but the other side is where you actually `` click '' . There 's a thumb-shaped hole that you stick your thumb through to bend a metal strip to produce the click sound . The pointy box shape of the clicker also does n't fit in a pocket well or comfortably . Do you really want to use this as a keychain ? All the other dog clickers on Amazon are better since they have a button instead of a thumb hole to click and they 're all rounded to fit in your pants better .2 . The other reason you should n't get this is because Petco is not eco-friendly in their packaging . The only thing in my Petco order was this dog clicker . It was shipped in a cardboard box the size of 1-1/2 show boxes . A small padded envelope would have been much better .
 I bought this bag for my 6lb chihuahua for plane travel . Unfortunately , the sides are so floppy that they end up collapsing in on my dog and when I pick the bag up he basically gets squeezed inside it . It looks cute and has multiple pockets , but just does n't have enough structure to be very comfy for the passenger . The materials also feel cheap .
 Had I bought them for any other reason than to reach the $ 25 supersaver shipping requirement , I 'd be pissed . As it is , oh well . My dog destroys tennis balls in minutes -- rips them along the seams . These were no different . In the time that it took me to go in the house to get the sunblock , the ball was torn . As for the smell , there was nothing whatsoever reminiscient of peanut butter . There was a very strong chemical smell , VERY strong , but not even a hint of peanut-y goodness . I did n't go so far as to chew on it , so I ca n't say that it did n't taste of peanut butter ... but it seems highly unlikely . I agree with another reviewer that the Penn tennis balls seem to last a bit longer , and I can often find these at the dollar store , in packs of three .
 My dogs love Peanut Butter so I thought this would be fun . There is no hint of peanut butter at all ... just a regular tennis ball that is a bit heavier .
 My puppies were n't all that excited to get these . I thought they would go nuts over the peanut butter flavor , but there were only minimally amused by the balls . Other than a couple of sniffs , these were completely overlooked by the puppies for other toys .
 I was king of hoping these would last a little longer than the poorly made balls I find at the dollar store , but they actually only lasted about 5 minutes with my dog Molly . She 's a mouther and these just fell apart after a few throws . Probably best for a dog who does not mouth or chew the balls when fetching .
 I as well bought these to get the shipping deal . My dogs really did like the scent of the tennis balls , but to me they did not smell like peanut butter . They were methodically torn apart in about 30 minutes . Do not buy these unless you need something cheap for the shipping deals .
 Within ten minutes of playing fetch with my small dog , this ball was coming apart . Under the felt , there are two halves of a hollow ball and they started coming apart at the seam , tearing the felt . Definitely not worth it.My dog was n't even chewing on it and it started coming apart ; I would not recommend for a chewer.The best balls I 've found are the Chuck it replacement balls . They last longer but also come apart eventually.Chuckit ! Tennis Ball Small 2-inch , 2 pack
 My cat loves catnip , but she just ignores these balls . And , I do n't blame her . They have a chemical smell that has not gone away after three weeks out of the bag . Now they are in the garbage.Not sure why the price is bouncing ... they were only 2 bucks when I got them .
 My cats are not interested in these . They have not played with them once . It 's a shame though no big deal since they only cost a few dollars . I will stick to the soft toys with a catnip pouch inside .
 The Dino Cuz was an extremely enjoyable toy for my dachshund -LRB- weiner dog -RRB- however after two days of play time ; the toy was completely destroyed ... . The tail went first , then the feet , after that the ridges on the back and then the squeaky !!!! My dog loved it !!!! I paid $ 7 for the cuz and $ 7 for shipping for a total of $ 14 . Not very economical for two days of fun ... The hard rubber really is n't that hard . If you have a weiner dog or other dog the loves the chew , this is NOT the toy for you .
 After only a fews days ' enjoyment of this toy , my 15 # cockapoo managed to disengage a section of the foot . Needless to say , the toy is history .
 I purchased the Smokehouse slivers for our two large labs hoping there would be enough size to hold their attention for a while . The dogs like the product , but they could down the piece while standing . This is probably a good product for small dogs , but large labs like our need more substance . The general problem is Pigs Ears have increased in price so much that I ca n't justify the approximately $ 1 per ear price I see . Our dogs three several treats a day , I ca n't afford to keep them in `` ears . ''
 I bought these based on good reviews for quality and price . However , the two bags I received both have a strong rancid smell . I 've bought fresh pigs ears from the local pet store and paid 3-4 times as much , but frankly , I would n't pay 1/4 the price for a rancid product ever again . Rancid oils are terrible for humans and terrible for pets . My dog , who usually LOVES pigs ears , picks these up , puts them back down , sniffs them , sneezes a few times , and walks away . Not sure if it was a bad batch or if they are all like this . I bought a big bag from costco that smelled similar , and I returned them . I probably should return these , but it 's a bit of a hassle with online purchases . Anyway , very disappointed . Beware . Only good thing would have been the nice , appropriate size for a small dog -LRB- Havanese -RRB- .
 Very disappointed . Based on all of the reviews , I was ecstatic thinking that my little Shiba Inu was going to love these . First off , he does n't really have a taste for them , so I have just been giving them away to friends who also have dogs . Secondly , and most importantly , I have found that some of the pig ears have markings on them , like green marker permanently marked on the slivers . Others have HAIR stuck to them , like old man EAR HAIR ... it is the grossest thing I have ever seen in my life and now can not get the image that has been permanently burned into my mind or the memory of the feeling of the hairs off of my hands . I can not believe that these hairs were not removed or that this part of the pig ear was not discarded . I can not believe that this was packaged and sold to dog owners . This is as disgusting as feeding your domesticated pet the non-meat part of animals such as the nails , eyes , beaks , etc. . Be careful in choosing the product that you decide to buy and feed your beloved pet !!
 I was hoping for a good deal , but it turned out to be not so great.Pieces are very small and in comparison to what I was getting from BJ 's , these are much , much smaller.Not worth it and will not buy again .
 wish they had a picture of the actual size of the product ... this is to big for my ferrets and i need to chop it so they can eat it ... other then that the product is fine
 My second ferret was being fed this food when I got him . His coat was dull , thin , and rough . I switched him over to my mix -LRB- 8in1 Ultimate Crunchy , Natures Variety Instinct Duck , and Wellness Core -RRB- and he 's doing much better.Pros
 I bought one bag of this food and it was fine . The food in the second bag was lighter in color than the first . Not a big deal , but I 've noticed that since starting this bag , their poops are quite mushy and not well formed .
 I PAID FOR OVERNIGHT SHIPPING AND AMAZON REALLY SCREWED IT UP AND SENT IT GROUND INSTEAD . THEY WERE RUDE AND UNHELPFUL . BUY FROM EBAY INSTEAD !
 my ferret wouldnt even try it ! he barely sniffed it and i offered it several times .
 The wiring for the cage is weak , the perches are of plastic material and provides little support or stability . The cage is large and roomy for the price and it 's a great buy if you 're not interested in quality and are more interested in saving some money . My concern is that the lid is not in alignment with the cage . I also have some safety concerns due to the poor construction of the cage and will be sending the product back ; time and money I really did n't want to spend . Hope this is of some service to anyone looking to purchase this cage .
 This cage is too small for even finches . Please do research and choose at least the minimum recommended cage size for your bird . This cage is too small for even finches , parakeets and canaries ! Using this cage would be considered animal abuse !
 This stuff should be RECALLED ! ALL FOUR CATS ARE BARFING IT EVERY DAY , so we are returning it today!Do not give your cat this stuff , several sites say it 's been `` discontinue '' , but it 's still on the shelves at stores !
 Yep , that 's exactly what I said . Byproducts , grain and diseased animal parts all in one ugly package . I 've fed it to my family 's cats , they did n't get hairballs but they lost a lot of fur and a pregnant mom cat we took in lost five out of six kittens when fed the formula . Iams makes horrible food ; do your pets a favor and do n't feed it ! -LRB- Oh yeah and BTW we switched foods . The happy cats are now on Nature 's Variety Instinct . -RRB-
 The coat is of poor quality materials and bleeds in the wash . I would not recommend it for use in the rain , especially with a lighter coat dog . But you get what you pay for , and this coat was extremely cheap when compared to store quality coats -LRB- $ 14 vs. $ 50 + -RRB- .
 This would have been exactly what we were looking for , except that it was way too small for our 45 lb . lab/collie mix . I ordered a Medium , as my dog is Medium-sized and the picture shows a similar-sized lab in the jacket . When it arrived , I was disappointed to find that the coat would not even clasp , and the material was a costume-y velvet material . I wish the site had a better size chart that used weight , as well as a more helpful picture that reflected the size of the jacket advertised .
 This was good quality but did n't fit our small sheltie , larger size would be too big , return was very easy for this dealer
 I bought this for my 22lb puggle after measuring him to fit . After receiving the jacket I noticed immediately that it was a tight fit and I I had to move the jacket up towards his head to use the velcro straps . Even then the straps were snug . Because of this the jacket did not cover his whole body . I decided to use the jacket anyway and after a couple months the velcro is no longer effective and the jacket is harder to use as it is too small . All in all , the jacket is smaller than advertised and the quality of the velcro is terrible . The overall quality of the material is fairly poor . I would recommend ordering a size up or not ordering this jacket at all . Not worth the $ 18 .
 This coat fell off my dog about 10 times during his 20 minute walk . Epic fail ... . I dont care how nice it is if it does not stay on , what is the point ???
 I would recommend against this product . We bought one for our standard poodle and the fabric color ran in the first rain we walked the dog in and turned our white poodle into a pink and white poodle . In addition , the velcro fittings are set for one size dog . If your dog does not exactly fit , the coat is always slipping off the dog . We will no longer use it and will buy something that has better quality material and a better thought out design for fitting different dogs
 After reading reviews and size guidelines we were disappointed a large did n't fit our 65 lb dog . Per Amazon 's website it could n't be exhanged for a XL and we had to pay for return shipping.Be certain you order the correct size .
 I purchased this sweater a few weeks ago . The material was great and I was super happy on the first day . The second day the Velcro separated from the fabric up by the neck . Day four the trim on the collar came off . Day six the trim on the side and most of the back end came off and I am holding it on my dog wih safety pins . Very very disappointed and am now shopping for a replacement sweater .
 I have two Pittie mixes who HATE the cold ... this jacket was the only one available because the Kakadu coat is always sold out . My dog ate it in a little under 30 seconds and looked ridiculous in those 30 seconds . Save your money .
 I purchased this for a 50 lb pit bull . The velcro barely fits over her neck and does n't fit around her chest . Neither seem that they would stay put if your dog is active .
 I was disappointed in this coat . It is too thin . Check out my dog product review blog to see what I thought about this and many other dog products ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Piece Of Junk , Way To Big For My Pitbull/Bulldog . The Velcro Came Off After The First Week I Purchased It So Upsetting . The Stitching On It Is Not All That Neither The Velcro . I Ended Up Trying To Stitch It Back To Make It More Fitting But Nope That Did Not Work So I Ended Up Buying Something Fitting And Warmer . Waste Of Money I Wish I Can Get My Money Back .
 I purchased this jacket for my female yellow labrador retriever . We tried it out this week while we were experiencing unseasonably cold rains . The jacket covered her well , but it became soaked by the rain , has no moisture repellency . The problem was that the jacket took 24 hours to dry out . This was not a downpour of a rain , but more like steady showers . I am convinced that this will be a problem when snow fall is a factor . I would not buy this jacket again and I would not recommend it for others .
 Did not realize the coat was velvet , my dog looks like some kind of wack a doo Elvis impersonator , it is not weather resistant , and it fits her funny . I should have taken her someplace in person to buy a coat . would not buy something like this online again .
 I assume the Velcro did not hold once it got wet , but my dog returned from the woods without it , wet , and shivering . Would not recommend or purchase again .
 I followed the measurements for our 55 lb boxer and got the medium . It did n't even come close to fitting . The outer material was a cheap looking fake velvet that did n't look like it would stay clean long or hold up to washing . I sent mine back , but beware , the company charges a 15 % re-stocking fee and has to approve your return . Overall , a waste of money . I 'm ordering a baby alpaca coat instead , much better quality and adjustable velcro tabs .
 A nicely made doggy jacket -LRB- red velvetine exterior with pocket , reflector stripes , and gray fleece lining -RRB- . After some tailoring -LRB- shortened torso length and belly strap -RRB- , it kept my geriatric dog -LRB- approx 55 lbs , german shepard x -RRB- comfortable on chilly mornings.The jacket had to be tailored to fit him because the sizing info provided did n't adequately -LRB- or accurately ? -RRB- describe it 's size . I was concerned about purchasing an XXL for a 55 lb dog . But the nape-of-neck to base-of-tail distance -LRB- 24-30 inches -RRB- was ok and having no experience with dog clothing , I decided to err on the side of getting something too large . Whatever . It would have been helpful if the online jacket 's spec 's had included a list of some common breeds of dogs that this size usually fits -LRB- cocker spaniel ? golden retriever ? great dane ? -RRB- . The photo was of a yellow lab which was probably roughly similar in size to my dog ...
 I 'm not so happy with the product . The `` soft side '' half of the Velcro has practically no `` fuzz '' on it . As a consequence , the coat falls off a moving dog because it does n't stay `` stuck '' and easily detaches . The coat then slowly inches down the leash trailing behind the dog , who then becomes a bit freaked , thinking it is chasing him . Actually , it was kind of funny , except due to the temperature being so low , putting it back on was impossible with gloves on . The coat could use an additional fastener , like buttons , which would n't allow it to come off so easily . On a dog that is n't moving , it looks fantastic . We 'll probably use it next Halloween as his ` vampire cape ' because it is `` spooky cool '' when on with the collar up .
 First off , the coat was too short ! After printing a return label I noticed the hidden return policy that you only see after trying to return the product . Can not be returned if it is apparel . How are you to know if something fits otherwise ? I do not recommend buying from this company !
 The price was right , it is fairly well made but it is not designed for a very active dog . Mine will tolerate it for about 30 minutes and then rips it off .
 ... and she 's not a picky eater ! She would always eat any type of cat food , and now that she had EPI , she will eat just about anything . Unless it has this powder mixed in . I would n't recommend it for cats .
 The first time I applied this to my dog the scent was so overpowering it gave me a headache . The scent was strong when first applied but it did not last very long . The only reason I am rating this product with 2 stars is that it kept my dog 's coat shiny for a few days . That is the only positive aspect of this product . I 'm going to keep looking for a better dry dog shampoo .
 Product could have killed my one year old German shepherd . Fortunately I was with him when his upper and lower teeth punctured the ball . This had the effect of locking the ball in his mouth . I could only get the ball out by simultaneously squeezing the ball and pulling open his jaws . Until this was done he was under enormous stress trying to breath.Don ' t buy this product !!!!
 I bought this because of the other reviews that noted how fun and durable this toy was . Although my pit had fun with this , the fun only lasted about 30 minutes because she chewed 2 giant holes in the ball in that time . This is not as indestructable as it sounds and is not a toy for heavy duty chewers .
 My dog got the knot out of the rope on both ends . Now she can not manipulate the ball with her mouth because the ball is pretty big . String from the rope is everywhere and she 's done with it ... I swear my dog should be a test dog for toys .
 This item arrived late , with no return slip , and is the wrong size from what I ordered . Not happy about that , as I already have one this size , and I 'm faulting the seller , not the product , here.Insofar as the ball itself , my Mastiff pulled the rope out almost immediately . The ball is otherwise practically indestructible -- Jolly makes a great product , the ball floats , get so many toothmarks it looks pocked , goes eventually a little out of round but never deflates , and washes off easily.pat chapin
 I bought this toy for my dog and it claimed that the rope tie could never be pulled out of the ball . Well , that might be true but my dog chewed through the rope part in less than five minutes so I 'll never really know . She 's not the least bit interested in playing with the ball now .
 My dog is a big chewer . He had the rope chewed up in an hour . The ball it 's self is good . He has not chewed that .
 I HAVE BOUGHT THIS BEFORE AND MY DOG -LRB- MEDIUM SIZE -RRB- HAD FUN WITH IT FOR A FEW DAYS AND THEN PUNCTURED IT . IT HAS BEEN AWHILE AND SHE IS OLDER , SO I THOUGHT I WOULD TRY IT AGAIN . SHE PUNCTURED IT WITHIN HOURES . GREAT TOY , JUST NOT STRONG ENOUGH FOR MY DOG .
 My German Shepard and Boxer destroyed it playing tug of war withing minutes . I was hoping at least for a day .
 All reviews for all sizes are listed under this item which led me to believe it was larger ... Too small ! bad description .
 I bought this for my 5 month old Bullmastiff puppy . It is WAY smaller than it seems . Aside from that the `` Oak '' laminate came off after a few weeks . Now she is 6 months old and it is way way to small and it looks ugly . It 's composite wood . Not sturdy . I would NOT recommend this to a friend .
 we purchased 2 of these , they looked well built , but are fiberboard crap , with fake vinyl veneer on top , it has no structural frame.they both warped and crumbled within a few months.How do I get my money back ?
 Do n't be misled by the `` 3 adjustable sizes '' . This means the height goes from about 1 inch to about 3 inches . I got this for my golden retriever and laughed until I cried when I opened the box . FOR SMALL DOGS ONLY !!
 When I received this , the inside box containing the item was broken in several places with the metal poking through the box . There was no set-up , which was nice but the legs are quite wobbly . I wish there was a way to fix this but I can not seem to find one . All in all , the ` diner ' will do for us and our dog is much happier now -LRB- after her first night with it -RRB- that she is not eating off the floor . I really enjoy that this design is not bulky and takes up minimal space . I hope it remains in tact and there are no further issues .
 This product is very unsteady at the tallest setting for my Golden Retriever . Also , I found BOTH bowls right out of the box with a dent on each corner bottom . I have always been a fan of Amazon , but lately everything I have ordered from this website has either been dented , broke , or does n't work after a short period of time . I thought everything was to be new , I am starting to think I am buying used , or defective products .
 The description shows an item weight of 21 lbs , but a shipping weight of 5-ish lbs . So it is misleading . Please correct
 This item was purchased in Oct of 2012 and put into use in November . Today -LRB- 12/8 -RRB- the stock tank is frozen over . The outlet is still hot , not a tripped GFI . It is now past the 30 day return period of Amazon . Will be looking elsewhere for a better unit .
 Farm Innovators Ice Chaser Cast Aluminum Floating Plastic Tank De-Icer Model H-418 , 1,250-WattThe unit did not last but a few days beyond the 30 days that would permit a return to the seller . The manufacturer suggested unsafe methods of use to remedy the problem . They wanted me to bypass the ground fault breaker by using an extension cord to a non GFI outlet and stopped returning emails when I asked how to make a warranty claim . The warranty is for three years , but means little as I search for a replacement unit . I would have been better off paying more at a local retailer who would make the return beyond the thirty days on a product that did not work . As result , I have lost confidence in the seller , ANTonline , Farm Innovators and Amazon.com .
 So Far so good , the previous Farm Innovators pond heaters that I 've used would maybe last two years . I just got tired of returning -LRB- warranty -RRB- them and I thought I would try this version.Updated review-don ' t waste your money . It lasted about 2 months . No more Farm Innovators for me ...
 You know , I feel so guilty that I had been feeding this crap to my dog for 3 + years and I admit the only reason I did was because I did n't know any better and it was affordable . Why did I not put 2 and 2 together when he stared getting very dry , flaky skin , itchy paws , hot spots , red crusty sores and on top of all that - ear infections ? When I started learning about the ingredients in dog food it really opened up my eyes . This food is a sham . They want you to believe it 's chock full of beef and vegetables but it 's not - it is full of corn -LRB- which is a an allergen -RRB- , flours , fillers , artificial ingredients , fats and sugar with a little bit of beef and veg thrown in at the end . No wonder my dog was having so many problems with his health ! I have since switched to higher quality foods with chicken , lamb or fish meal as it 's first ingredient . I highly recommend these brands if you want your dog to thrive on healthy whole foods full of nutrients and flavor
 You would think such a large brand should be trusted ; that they made money by making a healthy product for dogs . Well , let me not even say what effects this dog food had on my dog -- let me just show the beginning of the ingredients list from the -LSB- ... -RSB- website as of the date of this review -LRB- Check there yourself if you do n't trust me -RRB- : Ground yellow corn , chicken by-product meal , corn gluten meal , whole wheat flour , animal fat preserved with mixed-tocopherols -LRB- form of Vitamin E -RRB- , rice flour , beef , soy flour , sugar , sorbitolCorn and corn gluten and rice flour are not exactly wonderful , but -- SUGAR and SORBITOL ! Sorbitol , that nasty stuff in gum that gives people gas and loose stools ! Can you wonder why your dog stinks up the house if it 's eating this crap ? And sugar ! Need I even say why that is bad , or what health problems that can lead to ? My vet sure got on a soapbox over the dangers of sugar , and rightly so . And even the `` healthy weight '' stuff has sugar and sorbitol in it!Don ' t buy Beneful for your dog . Pay careful attention to the entire ingredients list of the dog food you DO buy , as a lot of brands sure do n't think you care about whether your dog lives many years or has expensive vet bills as long as it scarfs down their corner-cutting product . And if you must buy Beneful , at least send the company a few angry letters telling them to take the sugar and fake sweeteners out so you no longer have to feel you 're killing your dog . I mean , come on , they could use apple juice if they wanted a sweetener . This is incredibly unhealthy and reprehensible , if you ask me . I sure wo n't buy this dog food ever again , and I would think twice before trusting Purina .
 I fed Beneful to my last dog for 13 years and he lived to be almost 14 years old so it obviously is n't going to kill your dog . But my current dog has really bad skin allergies and the vet said to try switching food first . That was the first time I looked at the ingredients in Beneful and was shocked ! Corn is the first ingredient ? That 's ridiculous . If you ca n't afford a better food with less junk in it , this food will suffice . But definitely if your dog is prone to allergies like mine do n't feed them this food . It is n't healthy at all . Personally , I 'm finding it costs just about the same to make my own dog food with natural ingredients and real meat .
 I too have guilt about having fed this to my dogs for so long . My dogs had been gassy -LRB- almost perpetually , it seemed -RRB- , and I wrote it off to just something dogs did . Then , one of my dogs -LRB- I have 2 beagles -RRB- became sick -LRB- unrelated to the food -RRB- and we had to switch foods , and wound up just going and switching for both . It did n't dawn on me until a few weeks later that my dogs were no longer gassy -LRB- and we all breathe much easier ! -RRB- . I doubt very seriously that this is coincidence since they both had the problem and now they do n't . My advice is to avoid this stuff like the plague !
 Unfortunately , this is one of the only fire rescue pet decals I could find . It fades very quickly and becomes useless . But because I am very concerned over my pets safety I keep replacing them . But I think I will make my own sign now . Plus , $ 6 shipping for an item less than a dollar , that could easily be put in an envelope with a 42 cent stamp is ridiculous .
 Wow , this is totally disappointing . The concept is fantastic , but the decals are NOT colorfast . I have had mine in the window for seven months , and the red color is completely gone .
 I was so excited to initially get these decals and display them in prominent places on my apartment windows . One year later , on my window and outside door in New York City -LRB- not California -- the land of sunshine !! -RRB- , these once bright-red decals had faded into just black and white , rendering it useless.This is such a great idea , but I think I 'll have to create my own pet alert decals or research ones that wo n't fade . Not worth the money .
 This product faded in no time . I would n't buy it again . I 'd rather spend a few bucks more and get one that does n't fade . I bought a more expensive one from PetSaver911.com and it works well , is made of static cling just like this one and it does n't fade .
 This item does n't stick to the window very well at all . It does n't fall off per-se , but the top and bottom edges start rolling off and it looks very sloppy if you do n't reapply it every few days .
 These have been the only static cling , i.e. not stick on , decals I have found in our area of NH . Thus , I have been using and replacing them for about 3 years now . They * FADE * very quickly . I wish someone would make a static cling version that would last , was thicker and did not fade . It would be worth a few dollars to save my animals lives !
 I 'm extremely disappointed with these stickers ... they faded in less than a month and then they looked horrible . I had to take them off and throw them away - it was a complete waste of money . I might as well have just thrown the money I spent on them in the trash and saved me a lot of time .
 Two of these stickers faded even under a covered porch , one facing east and the other facing west . The only part that did n't fade was my Sharpie written `` 2 '' for the number of dogs we have in the house.You could barely make out the intent if you got close but I suspect that to a fireman hurrying to put out flames it would look like a blank white sticker on the window .
 adheres good to window however , the bright red color fades after about 2 months making the sticker appear transparent and barely noticeable -LRB- presumably from the sun , but it 's worthless as a reliable alert -RRB- .
 I had read some reviews stating that these decals tended to fade quickly and they were RIGHT ! We have a decal on each side of the house and all 4 faded to being un-readable in only a year . Both my writing and the decal print faded out and the decals are not visible from outside the house anymore . We are looking for something better .
 I bought these window clings to replace my old ones that are now outdated due to the number of pets residing in our household . They looked wonderful , until I realized that the cling surface is on the back and not on the front , like the previous clings I have used . You must either place them on the outside of the window , where they are quick to be ruined / stolen , or they will face in towards your house , which makes them utterly useless . Do not waste your money !
 Static Cling doesnt want to stay 100 percent to window and is very easy to rip
 This was a huge disappointment . When the decal is placed in the window over time the sun/heat takes the color off . When I wrote on there the amount of pets in the house and that it was cats , the writing would not stay . Once again the sun would bleach it out .
 The attention-attracting red color has faded to nothing , it would be lucky if someone noticed this sticker . Look for another one ! Also for something to go on my front door I would have preferred something less cartoon-y
 I 'm not sure why but this window decal looked great for about 5 months , then it began to fade . I have this decal in a window that is mostly protected from the sun most of the day plus i live in the northwest so i do n't get a lot of sunlight . I do n't recommend this product .
 When you peel it off and try to place it on the window to see the PET ALERT -LRB- right facing -RRB- the sticky part is on the front to where when you try to stick it to the window it wo n't stick ... you will have to place it backwards to get it to stick . I had purchase these before from an actual pet store that went out of business and did not have any problems .
 I just received my stickers and when placed on a CLEAN WINDOW they fall right off . I ca n't get them to stay . Not only do they not work I paid twice as much for the shipping as I did for the sticker 's -LRB- 2 -RRB- I guess I should have read the feedback first . . Now I need to order from a different vendor ! Bad product : -LRB-
 I am not satisfied with the scent of the product . The odor makes me cough when I use it from the smell . I would prefer to return it and would like a refund for the purchase . I expected an odor that would defuse the bad smell . This product does not . Not anywhgere near the smell you experience in a hospital environment .
 Not as small as some but bettas need at least a gallon tank to live a healthy life.You can easily get a 5gal for the same price if not cheaper.Plus bettas jump . > . <
 I used this kit as a temporary home for my betta when I first bought him . I educated myself and realized it 's not right to keep a fish in here . There 's no room for it to swim let alone to put a heater in there would n't be safe . There is no lid so there 's a chance the fish could jump out . Plus the amount of water changes you would need to do to keep the water clean enough for the fish to be healthy is ridiculous . I bought my kit at Petco and of course the sales person said it was a good size when really it 's entirely too small . I upgraded my betta to a 5 gallon tank soon after .
 This 1/2 gallon bowl is completely unacceptable for a betta let alone any kind of fish . Bettas require at the very least 3 gallons of space , preferably 5 or more gallons . They also require a heater and a tank cover -LRB- bettas can and will jump -RRB- . Watch how a betta fish behaves in such a tiny bowl and then see how one acts in a properly heated , filtered , and cleaned 3 + gallon tank . It 's like night and day .
 I know many people really like the scat mat , but after paying $ 80 + for this and one of the base mats , it did n't even work . My cats could n't even feel the low and medium settings . They did not like the high setting , but it did n't stop them from crossing over it . Even then , they would just take a long running leap across the base mat to get into the room I was trying to block off . Waste of money for me .
 If you are buying this to attach to another mat , it will not work beccause it does ' t come with the cord it is supposed to . If you go to the Petsafe site it shows the cord .
 As it is called an `` extension '' and there is no power pak included for this , one expects it will attach the sofa sized strip as an extension . It does n't ! It is a sham strip , relying on the pet 's prior training from being zapped by the real one.Probably , one could detach the power pak to activate this , but then the other one will not work . Other reviews note that associating the fear from the proper sofa zap is effective . Not what I wanted . Apparently , you can buy an electrical connector to plug in -LRB- ? -RRB- , but that 's far more electricity than I want for my cats.This was a waste of money .6 / 127/12 This worked great for a while , but this week , my male cat decided to stand on one side and spray on the wall . EEEk . In order to make the wider map work , I have to disconnect the power pack . I love the Scat Mats , but now I have 2 , and I can not buy a power pack without yet another strip . Too bad there is no way to connect them . I will have to buy a new mat in order to get another power pak to make this effective . So , in effect , I wasted my money .
 These claw caps were good for like 2 weeks , until her claws grew out again . I was hoping that the caps would last for 3 weeks and then they would fall off and i could replace them ... No . You gets your moneys worth , thats for sure . These things stay on and are not budging . I think they have been on my cat for a good 6 weeks now . At least . She still scratches at my rugs , and she has ruined the corners of them , regardless of the caps . Which really makes me mad . I basically wasted my money . I wanted an alternative to declawing , this is not it.I still ca n't get the damn things off , so I am just clipping her nails through the caps , until the caps finally grow off . I was just going to wait until they fell off naturally , but they would make a clicking sound on my wood floors when she walked around early in the morning and it was extremely irritating .
 They stayed on for about an hour , a couple stayed on for maybe 6 hours , before I had to pick them up from random places all over the house . Waste of money , might as well cover leather furniture or declaw cat .
 So this item is decribed as a red barn bully sticks - sticks not stick - is is only 1 stick . The price with shipping comes out to $ 10.63 for 1 bully stick , not worth it . It has the worst smell ever I actually took it from my dog and threw it away . Beware this item is garbage
 A steady diet of this caused my goldfish to lose color . And I do n't mean a little . I mean she went from being a gorgeous red and orange to shock white . Other goldfish in my tank also started losing colors . After inspecting the ingredients , trying to figure out the problem , I discovered it 's full of fillers , and more importantly lake colors . A lake color will only disperse in oil , sucrose , or alcohol . It 's also the same stuff you find in your makeup . What do you think that does to a poor fish 's digestive system ? I will never buy this again . Oh , and that color change issue with my goldfish ? 1 year later , on a good frozen pure food diet , the white goldfish is still white , and the ones who lost some of their color , never did regain it .
 I figured i would buy this online since it was cheaper than in the stores and my fish had about 4 days left on their food . if i waited my fish would have probably died.lol . i had to go out anyway to buy fish food because the shipping was soo slow .
 With Goldfish food it is important to soak it in water before giving it to them . Otherwise , they can get air bubbles trapped within their bodies . With this band of goldfish food it just laid on top of the water for several minutes . I would not purchase this brand again .
 The wiring for the cage is weak , the perches are of plastic material and provides little support or stability . The cage is large and roomy for the price and it 's a great buy if you 're not interested in quality and are more interested in saving some money . My concern is that the lid is not in alignment with the cage . I also have some safety concerns due to the poor construction of the cage and will be sending the product back ; time and money I really did n't want to spend . Hope this is of some service to anyone looking to purchase this cage .
 This cage is too small for even finches . Please do research and choose at least the minimum recommended cage size for your bird . This cage is too small for even finches , parakeets and canaries ! Using this cage would be considered animal abuse !
 arrived as a big mess . not worth returning it . Would suggest a better packaging for mail . Otherwise product is good
 My parrots did n't seem to enjoy plucking this toy as much as I thought they would . Would not buy again
 I USED THIS PRODUCT FOR MY BARN WHERE I KEEP MY JERSEY COW , FOR SEVERAL DAYS WE SAW NO FLIES ATTRACTED TO THE PRODUCT AND NO EVIDENCE OF FLIES BEING KILLED.ALSO , PLEASE READ THIS REGARDING THIS PRODUCT , THERE IS INCREASING EVIDENCE THAT THE Neonicotinoids IN THIS PRODUCT Result in Bee Colony Collapse : Well it turns out that the US Environmental Protection Agency has known for years what the cause of the bee collapse is . Through a leaked memo we found out that the EPA is attributing the collapsing bee colonies to a pesticide developed and sold by Bayer Cropscience , the manufacture of Bayer Aspirin and other drugs.This substance , sold in the USA as clothianidin , disrupts the nervous system of insects , and it 's been a suspect in the mass death of honey bees for years . It 's still available widely . Recent documents intimate that the EPA has known for a long time the chemical could be harmful to bees , but has kept it on the shelves while bee populations plummet.This class of pesticides , known as neonicotinoids , attacks the nervous system of insects , killing them off , while having little effect on other animals . This makes them excellent pest control -- so excellent that many seeds are sold treated with neonicotinoids . The plant grows with the pesticide inside it , allowing it to kill all the insects which attack it .
 Placed in the corner of my barn -LRB- 24 ' x 36 ' -RRB- and it has killed 20 flys in 14 days .
 Amazon reviews are truthful , but other online suppliers use doctored reviews . I purchased QuickBayt at another online supplier -LRB- ValleyVet -RRB- . The testimonials were stellar , flies were dieing instantly and were pulled into the product container from far away in their online reviews . I purchased from ValleyVet and applied the product as per label instructions and NO flies were attracted and NO dead flies . I wrote a review stating that the product was not working for me . ValleyVet threw my review away and stated they throw out most negative reviews . I was very unhappy that I purchased the product based on reviews that were doctored . I took the QuickBayt and put the entire 5 pound pail in an area full of flies and watched what happened . First flies were not attracted by the product . A few landed on the white container and walked around but did not touch the product . Finally a few flies explored the product , walked around on it , checked it out , and flew away . I never saw a single fly die . ValleyVet had a Bayer rep call me and they are sending me replacement product to try . It could be the product that I got was old or had been poorly stored . Bayer is trying to resolve the problem . All pest control products have failures and problems that must be resolved . The Bayer rep is trying to resolve the problem which is the normal way to approach a product problem . However the approach taken by ValleyVet in hiding the problem and using doctored product reviews in not acceptable . Amazon does a good job with their reviews . I have done many and never had a single one doctored or thrown out . Most that I write are good but a few are negative where necessary . I made the mistake of thinking that other companies are using truthful reviews . NOT SO , many do not !!! If you count on reviews to influence product purchases use AMAZON because their reviews are the best and most trustworthy by far .
 I give this item one star because of the deceptive picture that is provided . The picture shows a bird sitting on a perch that clearly appears to be connected to this toy . There is NO perch ! Also there is no means to hang the toy - the loop shown in the picture is just that , a loop . You 'll need to come up with some means to attach the loop to the cage . Other than the deceptive picture and the lack of a means to hang the toy it seems nice . If I were a bird I think I 'd enjoy picking at it .
 This toy looks almost like the picture except for the fact that the bird can not sit on the stick coming out the side because it has none and when I opened it it was completely flat and I ca n't get it to open it looks like a peice of paper literally , I was under very false guidance it looks like its made out of some sort of rope material but nope just paper crumpled up and flat
 I just established an aquarium and was n't sure what I wanted description wise-however picture wise this was EXACTLY what I needed to fix the problem I was having with a troublesome fish-it was also a cue I was taking from other tank owners when it came to aggressive fish . However when the product arrived it was not at all what was in the picture . Now I have this useless item that will not fit on my uniquely designed tank-however my problem is still not fixed-hopefully this company plans on making things right as I see a lot of products I would n't mind purchasing-but will DEFINITELY forgo if my money is n't refunded and/or a new `` SPECIMEN CONTAINER '' for a 15-20 gallon tank arrives at my address . Thanks .
 I own an older divider which uses a stiff plastic divider which stays in place much better . The screen on this unit wants to come out of the side supports and sets your fish back into the main tank . We spent the better part of two hours before finally getting the divider in place . I would certianly look for a divider with a stiffer center piece the next time . Perhaps someone knows the secret to holding the screen in place .
 I wanted to set this up in a 55 gallon planted tank to keep two strains of guppies apart . After 30 minutes of messing around with this , I decided to just let them mix.Where to begin ? There are a series of annoying things about this divider . It reminds me of the book reviewer who wrote `` this is not a book to be taken lightly . It should be thrown with great force . '' That 's how I feel about this divider.Let 's start with how the perforated barrier sheet slides into the plastic edges that touch the walls of the tank . The barrier sheet slides in like a report cover -LRB- and bends like one , too -RRB- , and the plastic edges are so much like the report cover binding clips that I wonder if they are n't actually report cover binding clips.The problem is that with even a little tug , the barrier slides out of the clip . I got this divider ALMOST set up three times and then moved the plastic edges just a bit so they were flush with the side of the tank walls -LRB- this takes forever ... why ca n't the connection points be suction ? -RRB- only to barely touch the barrier with one finger , and it slid out of the plastic clips . And then you can not get the barrier back in the clip - you have to take all three parts out of the tank , slide each side of the barrier into the clips , and start again . If this product is ever remade , the barrier should STAY in the clips once you slide it in.The other major issue with this is the clips that attach to the top of the tank . Getting them to stay put is hard , but doable , but getting them to stay put AND positioning the plastic edges that are supposed to be flush against the tank walls is nearly impossible . And if you move anything even a little bit too far , you 've just slid the barrier out of the side clips , and you get to start all over.I am going to try gluing -LRB- with silicon -RRB- the barrier into the side wall clips . If that could stay put , maybe I could use this divider .
 The concept for this product is sound and in fact is great - however , the implementation needs much to be desired . This divider is easy enough to put together , slide the mesh into the two long side bars . Unfortunately , it comes out just as easily letting the fish you are trying to separate co-mingle again . I put this thing together 3 times and re-inserted it into the tank and finally gave up . Instead of sliding it into place on the side bars , the side bars need teeth and need to fold over to clamp onto the mesh so that it can not slide out of place . Or some other solution needs to be developed , but this is not working for my tank . I feel like super-gluing the mesh into place but I do n't know what that would do to the fish or if it would hold under prolonged underwater exposure . I am so frustrated and disappointed .
 I had a lot of problems with this product and I ended up returning it anyway . Other than the poor service I received the main problem with the product I had was that the metal hooks forced the frame to stick up out of the aquarium too far that I could n't put the hood back on . So really this product was useless for me anyway .
 the small suction cup broke off after two weeks using it . I would not buy again . The suction cup holds the feeder to the tank .
 Cone was bent in shipment and cracked . Suction cup is so old that it 's very hard and ca n't be used . I had this shipped one day and the cost was high so I 'm not sending it back because of the cost . DONT BUY THIS JUNK .
 Not worth the money . Really does not work , clogs easy , frozen worms do not dispense in it like it says it will . I bought 3 for my tanks , waste of money .
 My cockatiel just ignores it , have tried several times and left in cage for weeks but no luck . he likes other chew-type toys , this one just does n't interest him .
 I bought this thinking it was going to be a nice toy for my blue and gold macaw . I did n't have it in her cage for 5 minutes when it was completely torn in half and destroyed to the point it had to be thrown out . It is for a small bird not a large parrot . Not worth the money at all ... an empty paper towel roll lasts longer .
 We are suffering from a brown dog tick infestation like we have never seen before . Permethrin 10 % was recommended to control these little devils . I used it at the rate of 7 oz per gallon of water and could see NO results . I tried an experiment by setting up one container with fabric in the bottom that was wet with the insecticide . I set up a second container with fabric that we heavily dosed with the Permethrin and then allowed to dry . Ticks dropped into the container with the wet fabric died within 24 hours . Ticks dropped into the container with the fabric that had been allowed to dry out never died . There does not appear to be any `` 28-day residual effect '' with this product as claimed in `` Product Description '' . I do not recommend this product for control of ticks .
 I bought a durvet product , and was shipped a martin 's product that sells for 1/3 of the cost of the durvet product .
 I specifically ordered Durvet brand permethrin 10 % , 32 oz . This is the brand I have always used for my horses . I paid more because the product was fulfilled by amazon.com , a website I trust . It was delivered quickly but I did not open it immediately . I opened it yesterday and the brand I ordered is not the brand I received.I was sent a different brand , which may or may not work as well . I am very disappointed with this state of affairs but I have no alternative .
 No people skills . This company was unwilling to resolve a shipping issue with the item .
 Wow , some of those old cliches are true ! And Lee 's just had to crank up the assembly lines to prove it ! Or did they just throw together some surplus parts from other products ? Did they ever even try to use their own products?I found it simply impossible to put the pegs from the airline holders into the suction cups by hand , and I 'm rather sure I 'd break them by using plyers or other tools . So I 've given up.Hey , did you know that Lee 's Aquarium and Pet Products are made in the U.S.A. ? Wow , and I did n't think anything was made in the U.S.A. anymore ! But they want me to put a sqaure peg in a round hole ! Does that tell you something about where our economy is going and why ?
 Agree with other reviewers , very difficult to put together . Completely idiotic to have square peg to go in small round hole -LRB- how on earth did that get manufacturing approval ? -RRB- . Finally managed to make it work -LRB- bend clip , luckily dose n't break -RRB- and force and wiggle ! However , even the clip dose n't hold normal tubing well at all.I actually thought I had bought a defective product until I checked it out other reviews on amazon !
 These are a great and cheap way to keep your air stones in place , HOWEVER , if you purchase them you will have to use a knife to shave some of the plastic out of the hole -LRB- very easy to do since the plastic is very soft . Took me less than three seconds -RRB- but after you do that the pegs will fit into the holes no problem .
 I do n't know who signed off on this design , but they need a blindfold , a wall , and a firing squad . The hole in the suction cups is round - as it should be . But the peg on the airline holder is square ! Duh !! Trying to put the holder into the suction cup is literally like putting a square peg into a round hole . Extremely poor design indeed ! If there was a zero or a negative rating , this product would deserve it .
 Neither of my breeds will come near this stuff . Even my biggest pig gets one whiff of this stuff on his food and he wo n't even taste it . Must be absolutely horrible for him to turn up his nose !
 Did not care for this product . My female a month late coming in heat , used for a month and nothing.Thought this would regulate her.I think it is a big waste of money .
 I just established an aquarium and was n't sure what I wanted description wise-however picture wise this was EXACTLY what I needed to fix the problem I was having with a troublesome fish-it was also a cue I was taking from other tank owners when it came to aggressive fish . However when the product arrived it was not at all what was in the picture . Now I have this useless item that will not fit on my uniquely designed tank-however my problem is still not fixed-hopefully this company plans on making things right as I see a lot of products I would n't mind purchasing-but will DEFINITELY forgo if my money is n't refunded and/or a new `` SPECIMEN CONTAINER '' for a 15-20 gallon tank arrives at my address . Thanks .
 I own an older divider which uses a stiff plastic divider which stays in place much better . The screen on this unit wants to come out of the side supports and sets your fish back into the main tank . We spent the better part of two hours before finally getting the divider in place . I would certianly look for a divider with a stiffer center piece the next time . Perhaps someone knows the secret to holding the screen in place .
 I wanted to set this up in a 55 gallon planted tank to keep two strains of guppies apart . After 30 minutes of messing around with this , I decided to just let them mix.Where to begin ? There are a series of annoying things about this divider . It reminds me of the book reviewer who wrote `` this is not a book to be taken lightly . It should be thrown with great force . '' That 's how I feel about this divider.Let 's start with how the perforated barrier sheet slides into the plastic edges that touch the walls of the tank . The barrier sheet slides in like a report cover -LRB- and bends like one , too -RRB- , and the plastic edges are so much like the report cover binding clips that I wonder if they are n't actually report cover binding clips.The problem is that with even a little tug , the barrier slides out of the clip . I got this divider ALMOST set up three times and then moved the plastic edges just a bit so they were flush with the side of the tank walls -LRB- this takes forever ... why ca n't the connection points be suction ? -RRB- only to barely touch the barrier with one finger , and it slid out of the plastic clips . And then you can not get the barrier back in the clip - you have to take all three parts out of the tank , slide each side of the barrier into the clips , and start again . If this product is ever remade , the barrier should STAY in the clips once you slide it in.The other major issue with this is the clips that attach to the top of the tank . Getting them to stay put is hard , but doable , but getting them to stay put AND positioning the plastic edges that are supposed to be flush against the tank walls is nearly impossible . And if you move anything even a little bit too far , you 've just slid the barrier out of the side clips , and you get to start all over.I am going to try gluing -LRB- with silicon -RRB- the barrier into the side wall clips . If that could stay put , maybe I could use this divider .
 The concept for this product is sound and in fact is great - however , the implementation needs much to be desired . This divider is easy enough to put together , slide the mesh into the two long side bars . Unfortunately , it comes out just as easily letting the fish you are trying to separate co-mingle again . I put this thing together 3 times and re-inserted it into the tank and finally gave up . Instead of sliding it into place on the side bars , the side bars need teeth and need to fold over to clamp onto the mesh so that it can not slide out of place . Or some other solution needs to be developed , but this is not working for my tank . I feel like super-gluing the mesh into place but I do n't know what that would do to the fish or if it would hold under prolonged underwater exposure . I am so frustrated and disappointed .
 I had a lot of problems with this product and I ended up returning it anyway . Other than the poor service I received the main problem with the product I had was that the metal hooks forced the frame to stick up out of the aquarium too far that I could n't put the hood back on . So really this product was useless for me anyway .
 Clear plastic pipe would have worked better . It just has plastic feet glued to the bottom . The glue must have air bubbles in it because the pipe turns upside down . Feet float to the top .
 I purchased this Deedle Dude Rabbit for my little dog because she had one before and loved the happy tune , but this one did not sing . It sounds like a real light rumble noise . I was sent a defective broken toy for my dog . I wo n't order another one ... I will just wait until I find another one at a pet store so that I can verify that it actually sings .
 Recently purchased the bunny and my dog really seemed to enjoy it at first . However , when turned back for a second , he had ripped the musical component out and thoroughly apart . There were tiny shards of hard plastic and metal everywhere -LRB- including the little batteries -RRB- . I would 've thought the fabric would have been quite a bit better than it turned out to be . If you have a dog that likes to rip out the squeaker from toys , please be careful with this toy .
 They play a cute tune but they break in less than an hour . It really is a shame , because my dog really does love them . Oh well !
 I just gave my dog this toy she loved it b/c it sang a long weird song . However , after four `` deedle le dee '' songs it went dead and does n't work . My dog dumped it on the side and is very disinterested in it now . My only option is to pay for a return ship . What a waste of money .
 They play a cute tune but they break within an hour of use . It really is a shame , because my dog really does love them . Oh well !
 My Airedale loves Deedle Dudes and has owned four of them , including this shark . Here 's the problem -- each one has gone silent on her after only a few days . They always still look like new , but they just stop singing . I have to conclude that while this line of toys is wonderfully entertaining for dogs , they are , unfortunately , cheap Chinese crap that have no durability whatsoever . I hate to support such poor quality .
 THIS TOY ONLY LIVED FOR 5 MINUTES AND MY ROTTWEILER PUP SAM ATE IT . SO I DON `` T RECOMMEND THIS TOY FOR ANY DOG THAT CHEWS AND OR IS ROUGH WITH THEIR TOYS . THE STUFFING COMES RIGHT OUT .
 My dog went balistic the second he heard this toy start singing , he grabbed it and ran out into the yard to enjoyed the song -- for about a minute before it stopped singing , I tried everything to get it to sing again and nothing . He 's not a rough dog with his toys , other singing toys last months with him . It might have just been a defective one , but I was n't overly impressed . Now it just sits in the corner .
 very strong clasp , I have 2 Jack Russels , and these collars are very strong works very well with my dogs
 Unfortunately most people are ill informed about vegan cats , including most veterinarians.Wild cats are in fact obligate carnivores . However , in domesticating the house cat and bringing it into our homes we have effectively removed the cat from its natural prey of mice , insects , birds , lizards , and other small creatures . During the past 100 years or so , as the human food industry was searching for a way to salvage and use all the waste materials from its processing lines , it came upon a wonderful solution . Lets boil it all up and dry it out and add it to the food we make for cats and dogs . As a result , the vast majority of commercial pet foods contain what are euphemistically referred to as the four D 's , dead , dying , disabled , and diseased animals , along with other quite undesirable materials . Quite frankly , if you are feeding this junk to your pets , you are effectively poisoning them . We are seeing diseases in pets today that we have never seen before because of the wide variety of contaminated ingredients that are finding their way into the food we feed our companion animals . You know `` garbage in , garbage out ! `` Now the issue here is not meat ; it is about providing all the essential and non-essential amino acids -LRB- the building blocks of proteins -RRB- and vitamins and minerals that are bio-available to the particularly unique physiology of felids -LRB- cats -RRB- . The quality , quantity , and availability of these nutrients can come from any source , and for those of us who are vegan , the best source is vegetable based.Tens of thousands , perhaps hundreds of thousands , of cats around the world live quite well on one of the several available vegan cat foods that are recognized as nutritionally complete . I personally have had 31/2 years of experience in feeding the Evolution kibble product that this review is addressing . It is a high quality product that is AAFCO certified as nutritionally complete for all life stages in cats . Not only is this product safe to feed your cat , but if you follow the recommended feeding procedures , you will find many benefits to both your cat 's health and your wallet.If you desire more detailed information , I invite you to do a google search on vegan cats . I would put my web page information about this issue on this review , but it is against the policy for writing reviews on Amazon.Just for everyone 's edification , I have researched this issue for well over 500 hours , read hundreds of technical papers , visited hundreds of web sites , and have made a commitment to specialize in feline nutrition as part of my Veterinary Technician studies . I probably know more about feline nutrition than 95 % of all the vets in the world.My feline son is a vegan and will remain so because I am absolutely certain that his quality of life will be enhanced by his diet and that this choice will not be a detriment to his health . ------------------------------------- Since writing this review in 2006 I have had a change in position about this particular product after 4 years of personal experience . The manufacturer of the Evolution foods was changing the formulation of the food on a regular basis and during that time I found that the Feline Kibble was not able to maintain the pH level in the urine of cats that was promised on the label and in their literature . At least that was n't the case with my former feline son and my current feline son . As a result I can no longer recommend the use of Evolution Feline Kibble for male cats . Since urinary issues are different between male and female cats the Evolution Kibble MAY be satisfactory for feeding to female cats . Nutritionally the Evolution foods seem to be fine for nutrients but not necessarily adequate for maintaining the proper pH levels to avoid urinary issues for male cats.Consequently I am now recommending male cats use the Vegecat pH diet provided by Harbingers of a New Age . My son has been eating this food supplement in a specially prepared gluten formulation I created called a vegan feline roast . It is 62 % protein , 33 % fat , and 5 % carbs and has a moisture content of about 60 % . Almost a perfect combination of ingredients to mimic natural prey . My son finds this product to be very palatable and his urinary pH has been consistently at 6.4 for the three years that we have been producing and consuming this food . The drawback is that it takes about a half hour every 3 days to make the food and the cost is equivalent to a premium cat food . But on the other hand my son is trim , full of energy at 61/2 years , enjoys great health , no longer has urinary tract issues , and no other animal had to die in order to provide my son with life-giving nutrition.UPDATE
 My Goffin cockatoo , Kelly Puffyfeathers , was able to destroy this in only a few days . They do n't list the dimensions for this toy , just saying it is for medium and large birds . I was surprised to find that the dome portion is only about 3 inches tall . Kelly removed the ring at the top in 10 minutes and then when I tied it to his cage with one of the fabric dangles , proceeded to demolish the remainder in less than a week . I will say he had a lot of fun doing so but as far as price to length of playing time ratio , this failed in my opinion . I believe it would be fun for a smaller bird . However , since my 1 pound Goffin was able to do it in quickly , it would need to be a small parrot .
 I bought this ball because it said it was tough . The rope came off within 2 days . I tried to put another rope on it , but the dogs just do n't like it.The rope comes thru the ball and this is knotted on top . The dog can get it 's tooth stuck and the handle is not very long . I was very disappointed in the product . I would not buy this product again .
 We did n't even attempt to put it up . Opened box and saw the quality was crappy . Returned immediately . Not waterproof , items for attachments were cheap too & would never last in areas where there is a great deal of heat !
 My cat thought this was just an attachment of his litter box and peed directly on it almost immediately after we set it up . There was really no way to wash it so we just threw it away . What a waste of $ 17.99 . I 'm sure most cats are n't as idiotic as mine , but if your cat tends to pee on bath rugs , etc , then this is not the mat for you .
 You can get a better mat for 4-6 $ at any discount department store in their little rug aisle . This matwas nearly 20 $ and fell apart -LRB- most of the BACKING FELL OFF !! -RRB- in a cold water regular wash during the first wash . Makes me wonder if thepeople reviewing this mat HAVE EVER comparison shopped or even seen a mat before ... go to your k mart , wal mart , target , sears , home improvement store - whatever - rug aisle where throw rugs and mats and welcome mats are sole and for this priceyou can get 4 mats , which might just come in handy if you have pets to begin with . `` Ridges '' ?? balderdash-you can finda rug with similar texture anywhere ... . for less ... and it will be washable .
 This thing can trap a few loose pieces of cat litter ; but will not protect your carpet or hardwoods from anything . I have a big cat and sometimes his butt hangs out of the box a little bit . So , the mat can get a little wet on occasion ... might as well just use a towel under your cat box as opposed to buying this .
 I thought for the price , this mat would keep the litter from getting everywhere . It is hard to clean this mat and I find litter on the bare floor as before . So I am going to find another one . I do not recommend this mat because it does n't do what it advertises it is suppose to do . It is also extremely hard to keep clean , which does n't make any sense .
 Home Depot and Ace Hardware and probably lots of places sell this stuff for under $ 2 a running foot . It 's maybe 40 inches wide . I buy several feet and cut to fit my odd shaped bathroom floor in my RV .
 Very disappointed in this rug - collects a very small amount of litter and the rest goes on the floor . A regular rug with a higher nap does a much better job
 I bought the total system but do not plan on getting this refil can . Air lasted about 4 days . Too costly at $ 18 a pop !!! This relates to around $ 130 + - a month .
 Just would n't react quick enough when any 3 of my dogs came close . Disappointing . Wasted sounds and air to test that it should work .
 Purchased this product approx . a year ago and , as others had stated , it worked well when it worked . In other words , the motion sensor did not always detect motion and spray . But since my cat got the hint , when just the beep no longer worked -LRB- I ran out of spray a long time ago -RRB- , I opted to get the refill . I thought it would work about the same -LRB- whenever the sensor wanted to detect motion -RRB- . However , I just wasted my money because the refill canister , upon putting the top on the can , just releases the air in a constant hiss , which it is n't supposed to do , and it ca n't be returned . So , it is just a waste of money . Others have run into this problem with the refill also . I guess since it is not returnable they just send out defective canisters . No quality control . My recommendation is do not buy the refills . No use buying something you ca n't even use .
 YOU CAN NOT RETURN the StayAway Motion Activated products . I purchase 12 and 4 do not work . Money thrown away .
 I bought both stayway and catscram . The refill canister on stayway is too expensive . I needed it in a high traffic area . No refills on catscram just buy the AC adapter and you are ready to go .
 I used to by this product by the gallon to deal with cat urine problems.It worked great and the fragrance was very pleasant.Then I got an order of two gallons and the fragrance was completely different . I contacted the manufacturer and asked whythe fragrance was changed . The reply was that it had not changed . I insisted that it was.The next reply from the manufacturer suggested that the `` enzymes had been mistakenly activated prematurely '' at the factoryand I got an offer of an exchange.Then another reply stating that they DID change the scent . Huh?It was too much trouble & expense to ship back the unopened gallon so I just kept it and used it.I should point out that the new fragrance is extremely unpleasant compared to the original scent.It smells like very bad , cheap perfume.The new scent was so bad I became reluctant to use it . That should say a lot when I 'm using a product to deal with theabsolutely horrible stench of cat piss . It 's difficult to express how obnoxious the new perfumey smell is suffice to saythat I consider a once perfectly good product to be ruined.About this same time I noticed that the manufacturer introduced a new product called `` Dumb Cat '' obviously oriented atcat owners and with a hefty price increase compared to Poop Off to boot.I also noticed that Poop Off started to be marketed more explicitly towards dog owners by way of the wording on the containers.I could be wrong but years ago I believe Poop Off was referred to as a `` pet odor '' remover and theirwebsite material stated that it worked just as well on cat odors as dog odors.Now Poop Off is explicitly labeled `` dog and puppy odor '' remover.A sure way to dissuade cat owners and aim them towards a more expensive product , `` Dumb Cat '' . I never tried `` Dumb Cat '' because by this time I had decided not to support a manufacturer who obviously changed a productbut claimed they did n't , then admits they did , then comes out with a competing product aimed directly a a specific petsegment -LRB- cats -RRB- with a hefty price penalty over the original Poop Off which worked great and , used to , smell great!Note to manufacturer
 The dish serves it 's purpose , but is not a thick or heavy design . My dogs had no propblem chewing them up . The lip is easy for the dogs to latch on to.I question the significance of the &#34; anti-microbial &#34; claim . Microbes of concern are not partial to eating plastic anyways , and will still feed and proliferate on any organic residue in or on the dish .
 I have two light colored Malshi 's and they get baths every week or two . I 've tried various shampoos that are tearless , smell good and lather up nicely . I was hoping John Paul Pet Tearless Shampoo would be the shampoo I would buy again and again but it 's not . It 's tearless and has an okay smell but it does n't lather up at all . I had to use way to much when I washed them just to be sure I was getting them clean since without the lather it felt like I had n't used any at all . I 'm now filling the tub with about 5 '' of water and using this shampoo as a bubble bath in between normal shampoos to use it up , since it 's more of a rinse off for them instead of a regular bath . If you want a shampoo for your dogs that lathers and gets them clean without having to use copious amounts do n't buy this !
 I own the this product although I never had the chance to use it , it just sits in storage . Here is what I dicovered about it the version I have -LRB- model 903 -RRB- has a small american flag on it with the words next to it `` made in china '' so if your picking this one over another because you want to buy American made and you see the U.S.A flag be careful ! . As far as the product itself goes its glued together so it either sticks or if your 's does not stick it means they did a bad glue job also I wouldnt call this the best woodcraft job either the backing does not meet the side ends but its close enough . Mine happen to come with a 2 '' split in the wood but its not a full split just half way up on the bottom side which is why I didnt notice it right away .
 We nailed the squirrel feeder to a tree and after 2 weeks the bottom fell off . I would not purchase this product .
 I bought this toy on sale thinking it was going to be four times the fun for my large neutered male cat . I hung it up on a door knob shaking it and pulling on the dangling toys to make them spring to get his attention . He would not play with it at all . I left it there for a month and he never touched it . It also slips off the door knob if you try to help your cats play with it . I do n't know if it would do that when your cat was playing with it since I could not get him to play with it . We got another cat , a neutered female who also showed no interest in the toy . Our third cat , another neutered female has shown minimal interest . It 's now hanging from our bed post and if I shake the toys at her when she 's in a playful mood and on top of the bed , she 'll attack them but only if I initiate the toy and keep playing with her . And she does n't get anywhere near as excited as she does with her other toys . If I stop playing with it she loses interest and many times she will only play with it a couple of minutes with me before losing interest . I think for the any price this toy is a waste of money . I think there are better cat toys out there .
 Thanks for nothing Amazon . You have the wrong d@mn picture posted on the ad . It cost too much to return a $ 4.00 item from kuwait !!! LOL Thanks for nothing . You must do better ...
 So we bought this at the pet store after being begged for a fish for weeks . They sell it so it must be ok , right ? Wrong ! We took it home , put in the betta fish and the hollow log we also bought and set it in a warm place . The fish went into his log and did . not . move . He did n't eat , either . So I did what I should have done BEFORE buying a pet and researched the betta fish . Guess what ? They do n't live in puddles except for a few weeks a year . They need a water heater unless maybe you live in the tropics -LRB- I do n't -RRB- . They ca n't have hard plants like the one in this kit because it will tear their fins . So back to the store we went . We got a 5 gallon aquarium , a heater , a thermometer , and a silk plant . Yeah , it cost more than this kit . But now our fish is a happy fish ! He eats , swims around all the time and even started building a bubble nest ! Look , if you are going to have a pet , even if it 's just a $ 3.99 fish , it should be kept in humane conditions . This kit is not a good place for a betta fish to live , period . Save your money toward a proper home for your fish .
 I planned on using this habitat for my betta , Roger , for only a few days . He was rather skittish , and I felt that I wanted him in a smaller space for awhile . Also , I wanted to eventually get him a nice little glass two gallon tank -LRB- with my next pay check -RRB- . I used the tank and gravel only -- and did not use any of the accompanying products . I was a bit doubtful as to their quality and decided not to risk it.Unfortuneately , poor Roger did not make it that long . The cat inadvertantly knocked the tank off of the table -- Yes , I do believe that it was an honest mistake ... . really ... truly I do ... -LRB- okay , I am giving the cat the benefit of the doubt -RRB- ... . Regardless , when the tank hit the soft carpeting -- the plastic cracked completely in half on one side -- draining out all of the water . I do not think that the tank should have cracked so dramatically because the drop was only about two feet and was a pretty strait scoot off the table . Indeed , the cat also knocked down a wine glass from this table -- which did not break . The plastic must have been of pretty cheap quality indeed to be so brittle.While I can not blame the tank , or even the cat , for the death of the fish . Perhaps had the tank not been so completely damaged as to loose all of the water -- the fish may have had a chance . Regardless , the tank is much too small even by Betta standards -- making it difficult to maintain the water chemistry and hygiene needed to have a healthy fish . Also , this incident provides another reason to favor the two gallon environment . Clearly the half gallon of water did not provide enough weight to ensure that the habitat would remain stable -- The cat was able to move it a great distance -LRB- presumably by batting it with his paw -RRB- -- something that he would not have been able to do with a larger , heavier environment . I know that what happened to the fish was my fault and I feel terrible about it . However , clearly the habitat could have held up better .
 I had three of these when I was in high school -LRB- before I got into the fish keeping hobby and knew nothing about them -RRB- and they proved to be deathtraps for the fish.The average lifespan of a betta is 3-4 years , with well-cared for specimens living 5 + years . When properly cared for and housed bettas are very active and amusing fish , well worth the extra effort to provide a suitable home . A suitable home for a betta is a tank of at least 2.5 gallons that has a heater -LRB- as they are tropical fish that need temperatures of around 78 degrees -RRB- and a filter to eliminate ammonia and other wastes in the water . While they can survive in small bowls for a time , it will always shorten the lifespan of the fish.I recently started putting bettas in my community tanks , and the difference between how they act there and how bettas act in cold , unfiltered bowls is astounding . I 've never seen a happier fish than the betta in my 46 gallon tank , and he explores and swims in every inch of it . Proper betta setups with a 2.5-5 gallon tank , filter , and heater can be acquired for less than $ 30 , so do your fish a favor and upgrade him to a suitable home !
 The little rocks never stay in their plastic square . First , Taskin knocks them all over the place , then it 's really hard to get them back in .
 This is way too small for a betta , dont even waste your money bettas need at least 3 gallons of water . In this you would have to do daily water changes which would stress out any fish , and i 've seen bettas sold that if put in here would be too large to turn around in here ! An animal is not meant to be fashion statement , and the whole purpose of this tank was to look nice . Put a plant in it , not an animal .
 This is marketed for betta fish . A betta fish needs more room then this 1/2 gallon tank . Minimum , absolute minimum for a betta , is 2.5 gallons . Do NOT buy this for your betta .
 The site said Marina Betta kit large 3L and when I received it was the small 2L . Was not happy when I called the company and they said they only sell the 2L size .
 The Marina Betta Kit looked awesome . be bought it thinking it would be the perfect small fish tank for our child . Unfortunately , it leaked . It lost about 3/4 inch of water over an 8 hour span of time . Buyer beware !
 Sorry , but this IS too small for a betta . If you seriously can not fit a 2 + gallon fish tank in your dorm room , you should complain to someone . A 2.5 gallon aquarium takes up little more horizontal space than a ruler . You seriously can not fit a ruler in your dorm room?This is not a bargain product . My local Petland Discounts sells FIVE GALLON tanks for less than this . As for the accessories : - Stiff plastic plants can rip fins . Silk or live plants are far better , and silk plants are available in the reptile section of most pet stores for only a few dollars.-Lights are not necessary unless you have light plants . They are a very unreliable heat source and prevent a natural sleep/wake cycle . -LRB- Yes , fish sleep . They 're alive . -RRB- Furthermore , bettas do not like bright lights.-Betta water conditioner is a rip-off . You can get a huge bottle of far superior water conditioner like StressCoat and it will last a very long time.-Hikari or Attison 's pellets are recommended by experts . This food is usable , but it 's like comparing Friskies to Science Diet . Not worth the money.You can easily set up a much more habitable environment for your betta without these silly `` kits . '' If you do not have the space for a properly-sized tank , you should not be living in a cardboard box . And if you are unwilling to make space , you do not need a pet .
 This is a stylish well made container for a betta fish.Pluses : + High quality finish , no rough or unfinished edges . The included vinyl background is double-sided and appears to be waterproof -LRB- or at least water resistant -RRB- + Available in several colors to suit your tastes . + Kit arrives with water conditioner and flake food for the novice Betta keeper . + even includes small diameter gravel , which is preferred for beneficial bacteria and the like.Minuses : - WATER TEMPERATURES are subject to ambient temp of the room . Bettas are tropical fish so unless your room is heated at 68-75 degrees , the water in this tank will likely fall below that range which will stress the Betta . - NO LIGHT included . At nearly $ 15 , it would have been nice to include a halogen bulb light . The Marine LED light accessory -LRB- sold separately -RRB- costs more than the tank itself AND does NOT include an ON/OFF switch . - GRAVEL displacement ; It would be neat if the gravel stayed neatly packed in the rectangular basket on the tank bottom . However it is far to easy for the stones to fall out of the perimeter and nearly impossible to fetch any of the gravel once displaced due to the size of the tank and gravel itself which inherently defeats the clean `` Zen '' look . Great concept but hard to implement.Seems like people are confusing ethics and lack of fish keeping experience with this product . I have kept Bettas in my office with -LRB- daily - bi weekly water changes depending on the container size -RRB- for years . The main problem with this kit is the difficulty in maintaining a temperature within range that is comfortable for a Betta fish . There are 7.5 watt heaters available that lack an adjustable thermostat that recommends that the temperatures be monitored . So if this is marketed as a Betta `` KIT '' , it just falls short as a heater is needed . If this was sold strictly as a stylish container , then i would give it 5 stars.Just for reference , i originally purchased two of these as gifts for the kids , and days later , ordered two Aqueon Evolve 4 gallon tanks to replace them . If one chooses to be a fish keeper , do it the right way , or skip the hobby all together ...
 Contrary to popular belief , Wild bettas live in vast rice paddies for most of the year , and are trapped in small puddles for only a few months out of the year . It 's not that they prefer small bodies of water , but that they can survive in them for a few months . Otherwise they live in vast amounts of water.Additionally , while wild bettas may be able to survive in small puddles for a small time , fancy bettas are not similar to wild bettas in this aspect ; they need stimulation -LRB- like plants and hiding areas -RRB- and prefer larger aquariums -LRB- personal experience as well as research -RRB- . I understand the appeal of this aquarium , but I 'd only keep a plant in here . Otherwise , I do n't consider this a suitable living space for a Betta . It 's affordable , so if you need a temporary aquarium while setting up a real aquarium -LRB- waiting for the good bacteria to set up and all of that -RRB- , this is fine .
 This is in no way a good home for any fish , let alone a betta . Bettas only live in small puddles in the wild for short periods of time during the dry season . Other than that , they live in rice paddies . The bettas that we buy in stores have much larger fins than wild ones do . They need a minimum of 2 gallons to swim in . Being tropical fish , they need a heater . These are lively , active , curious animals . Putting them in such a small home would result in illness and , ultimately , death . Properly cared for , they can live upwards of 3 years . If you have a betta , please only use these as holders during water changes.There are some `` betta kits '' out there that are 1 + gallons that make excellent sick tanks for recovering fish . This is not one of them .
 You can get a 10 gallon for a little over a dollar more OR get a 5 gallon for less then half the price at certain stores.Please , PLEASE give your betta at least a gallon.I 've used this product before and it is a decent product but I 'm no longer ignorant of a bettas needs . I URGE you to PLEASE get a bigger tank . Though if you want this for a temporary hospital tank it MIGHT work but you 'd want a heated tank for sick bettas .
 I had one of these awhile ago when I thought it would be nice to have a -LRB- relatively -RRB- hassle free pet , but it just became too much of a pain . When you clean it you have to put all the little pebbles into the square in the middle , then anytime you pour in any water -LRB- or even if the fish swam by too quickly like when startled -RRB- pebbles would fly out of the inner square making you have to dig in there to fix it . It would n't look right if you left the pebbles/sand in there wherever . Also after about a day it would look dirty again because ANY poop the fish left would be on the floor would take away from the whole ` zen ' look of the thing . It 's a neat idea for a -LRB- tiny -RRB- fish tank , but because of the amount of work that you have to put in to keep the tank looking good/clean it 's not worth it .
 Ok i have one just like this 1 but mine is a red color , we bought it at a pet store but my Betta dont seem to like it & he has been in it for about 5 or 6 months now & he seems sad i think cause there is to much space or to much water but no where for him to hide . you can put plants in it but you cant fit a hide away home for your Betta . i have one & if i was you i would not spend the money on this tank kit .
 I got my very first betta as a gift along with this tank . I 've only used this as a transitional tank for my bettas to live in for the first couple of days to a week until the larger tank has finished cycling through . People have a misconception that Betta fish are not very active fish , but that 's based on when they buy them at the store and they look sort of dead . The reason they do n't move around is because they have been living in those cups their entire life and they 're pretty much comatose . At first they really like this little .5 gallon tank because its so much bigger than their cup and they 'll swim around happily , but they will get bored of it extremely fast . Not to mention this gets dirty FAST , and doing 10 % water changes every 2-3 days is just not enough . I keep a couple of gallons of pretreated water ready for water changes , so I was able to put my 2nd betta in this tank the day I got her . I put the rocks in the first time with my male betta and he liked to rest on the black stones inside . This time around I did n't put anything in there and I found she really likes to hide in the cubby hole . My 6 month old female is small enough she could probably live in there for two weeks and be okay , but the male fish are absolutely WAY too big for this tank.If you need a place to put your fish while you clean out their entire tank , or when you first get them and you want to set up a larger tank but it has to cycle through ... I recommend this one . Just remember water needs to treat for 2-3 days before you can put a fish in the tap water . I was lucky and had some water ready on the second time around . However , if you want a permanent home I would absolutely say do not get this one . If a betta has adequate room they will spend all day swimming around in their tank . They are very intelligent fish too who enjoy making bubbles and interacting with humans . Imagine someone putting you in a small coat closet with nothing in it , with all white walls , nothing to keep yourself entertained , and making you live inside it for months , bringing you food occasionally . That is about what betta fish feel like in these tanks.I recommend the mini bow 2.5 gallon tanks . I have one of them for each of my bettas .
 This may seem like a good `` aquarium , '' but it is not . This is FAR too small for a betta . Pet shops that sell them in tiny bowls do so because they are an inexpensive way to seperate them . The pet shop conditions are intended to be ony temporary . My betta is in about a 2.5 gallon tank and is so happy . He was once in a small bowl and did nothing . Just lay on the gravel . About a 3 gallon tank will house a much happier fish , and a more entertaining one . Do not buy this .
 This little tank looked very nice on my counter top . I did notice that the water became dirty/cloudy very quickly , requiring it to be cleaned pretty often . It was n't difficult to clean though , and my betta always seemed to enjoy exploring the `` new '' surroundings afterward.Most importantly though , BE SURE TO PUT SOME TYPE OF COVER OVER THE OPENING ON THE TOP - I forgot to leave the makeshift cover on one day while I was at work , and my little buddy Alpha tried to make a break for it.Suffice to say , he did n't make it very far .
 The Marina Betta Kit looked awesome . be bought it thinking it would be the perfect small fish tank for our child . Unfortunately , it leaked . It lost about 3/4 inch of water over an 8 hour span of time . Buyer beware !
 The Marina Betta Kit looked awesome . be bought it thinking it would be the perfect small fish tank for our child . Unfortunately , it leaked . It lost about 3/4 inch of water over an 8 hour span of time . Buyer beware !
 I bought this thinking it would be a great starter kit to go along with an impulse buy of a beta fish . The pictures on the box look nothing like the actual product . It is very cheap plastic and I suspect they are prone to leaking like I have read , although to be fair , mine does not leak . It does have the requisite items to get you started but none of the materials are exceptional . The clear plastic used instead of glass is warped EVER ... EVER so slightly and this causes major distortion . It lasted about a week before I felt guilty for keeping a live animal is that thing and have replaced with it with a proper glass bowl , gravel , and live plants ... all of which look better and did n't cost but a few dollars more.Also the `` instructions '' for care of the beta fish itself contradict a few other books that I have thumbed through -LRB- and am following with success -RRB- . Buy at your own risk . Again , I replaced mine -LRB- which was still in working order -RRB- for a REAL set up after only a week , for only a few dollars more.I still have the fish and am loving the look of it in my home and the experience of caring for it .
 The Marina Betta Kit looked awesome . be bought it thinking it would be the perfect small fish tank for our child . Unfortunately , it leaked . It lost about 3/4 inch of water over an 8 hour span of time . Buyer beware !
 I have a hard time understanding why Marina would sell & market a fish tank - specifically marketed for Bettas - when after researching betta fish it 's so clear that this tank size is tiny and cruel to keep a fish in?I bought this at Petsmart one day when I decided to get a betta for my daughter 's birthday present , and I just figured since it was specifically a `` Betta kit '' that it was humane and an appropriate size for a betta . Unfortunately , upon getting home with my betta tank all set up , I Googled a bit to learn more about this fish and read in several different places -LRB- from both professionals , veterinarians , and fish enthusiasts -RRB- that a 1/2 gallon betta aquarium is WAY too small and cruel to put the fish in . And after letting the fish live in this aquarium for a few weeks , I know they 're right . My fish sits in the corner , facing the corner all day , despite regular cleaning his fins are pulled close to the body , he barely moves except to eat . It 's very clear this fish is stressed out.Finally , I picked up a 1.5 gallon tank and hoping it will help , as well as some natural plants for him to hide behind . Just got it tonight , so we 'll see.But my problem is - I just think it 's incredibly misleading for Marina to market & sell aquariums for Bettas that they MUST KNOW are TOO SMALL for these beautiful fish to thrive in . My fish survived , sure , but as one professional put it in their article on Bettas
 I really wish people would really educate themselves about betta splendens and their housing requirements . These so-called ` betta kits ' are not acceptable by any serious aquarist . This tank is clearly too small . A betta fish needs a larger tank that is big enough for a heater to fit inside it . Bettas are tropical fish and they do need a heater to regulate their body temperature and keep them healthy -LRB- room temperature water will not help keep a fish heal its fins if it has fin rot or shredded its fins for some other reason -RRB- . Secondly bettas are intelligent , curious creatures who likes to swim around and through things . This tank does not provide the space for that kind of activiity . With this little prison , er , tank , the fish is just going to sit there and eventually bite its tail due to boredom . If you want to get a betta fish , at least get a medium Kritter Keeper , a mini hyor heater , and a few silk plants and nice bridge for the fish . I would n't even use this fish prison for water changes or as a hospital .
 I 'm a betta hobbist and I know about all the misconceptions that betta can live in just about anything and it is bogus . This `` aquarium '' is way too small , betta require atleast one gallon of water and that needs to be cleaned 1-2x weekly atleast . This is probably 1/2 gallon or less meaning you either clean it every day , t hus stressing your betta out and killing it or let is die a slow death from ammonia burns and other ills . This also has no lighting leave betta looking dull and boring , no heating or ability to heat so your house must stay warm where your betta is and it just is n't good . You can also buy large Critter Carriers -LRB- 2-3 gallons -RRB- for the same price or less , it would n't be great , but it 'd be a heck of a lot better .
 Larger tanks are easier to maintain than smaller ones , because in small tanks the fish 's waste builds up rapidly -LRB- especially when there is no filter !! -RRB- . Not to mention , smaller tanks give the fish very little room to move.Also , bettas are tropical fish . Unless you keep your tank in a room which is around 80F all year , day and night , you will need to buy a heater . It is not possible to safely heat a tank that is smaller than 5 gallons.Finally , this kit comes with a plastic plant . Betta tanks should be decorated with silk or live plants only , as plastic plants can tear their delicate fins .
 I should have listened to other reviewers when they said this tank is seriously too small . My Betta `` Sushi '' could barely turn around in here . I bought this tank and a 5 Gallon tank to hold female bettas in . The females swim around and were very happy in their large tank . In this little tank listed here , my Sushi swam around but he did n't have anywhere to really go . I guess he might 've been happy in it though because he did make a bubble nest after being in it a couple of days , but maybe he was just excited after living in that closet-type bowl at PetSmart for the other part of his life . Or he could 've made the nest because he had a date with one of the female bettas I have for 5 minutes.I guess this tank would be okay as someone said for a very small child , like a 3-year-old , or at a desk at work , but I 'm not crazy animal protestor and still this tank just seems `` wrong '' to me . It does look really nice , but seems like anyone can not care too much about their fish if they put them in here.Overall , if you go into your local petstore , you will find other betta tanks that are larger and not priced too much over this tank .
 Caring for fish in a very small bowl like this one is stressful both for the fish and the fishkeeper.In a small bowl like this , the fish 's waste will build up rapidly -LRB- espcially since there is no filter -RRB- . This causes suffering -LRB- for example , eye and skin irritation -RRB- , sickness , and even death . You can try to prevent this by changing the water frequently ; however , frequent water changes are also stressful for the fish . -LRB- Not to mention a pain for the fishkeeper ! -RRB- In addition , the temperature of such a small volume of water will fluctuate rapidly ; another source of stress for the fish . You can not use a heater in a bowl this small.Bettas are tropical fish . They need a tank heated to 80F ; there is no way to safely heat a tank smaller than 5 gallons.If you 'd like to care for a fish , please read some of the excellent websites out there and learn all you can . -LRB- Ignore manufacturers websites , since of course they will say their products are great , even crummy products like this one . -RRB- Get the largest tank you can afford . If you ca n't afford a large enough tank , please do n't get the fish .
 This is NOT a good home for a betta at all ! It 's way too small for a betta . . or for any fish for that matter . I 'm not gon na say that bettas require at least 3 gallons of water to thrive because i dont know this for sure , i do know that i have a lot of friends that have had bettas in a smaller fish bowls that have lived almost 4 years . . even so this is still way too small for any betta to be happy . . Bettas like plants that they can hide in and there isnt any room for that anywhere . . the gravel is not what is pictured on the box . . to me it was just sandy and a pain to put in that stupid little whole . When i put my betta in there it was obvious he didnt like it . . i ended up putting him back in the bowl i had him in before . I do plan on getting him a much larger bowl or tank in the very near future because even the one he is in is too small in my opinion and i never intended it to be his permenant home , but i will definetly not be keeping him in this in the mean time , i 'll probably keep it as just a container to keep him in while im cleaning his permenant bowl . And one last thing , this has no screen or lid and bettas ARE JUMPERS ! I have had my betta try and jump out and i 've had more than one friend have their bettas die because they jumped out . So i would NOT recommend this as a home for a betta , every fish needs a decent amount of space to swim around in so my betta will definetly be getting a much bigger bowl in the very near future .
 This was the first tank bought when I purchased my betta . I quickly found out that it was n't a practical living container and moved to a 1.5 gallon tank with a filter and a small heater pad . Being in the larger tank he absoultely flurished , and within time , once I was able to save up my money , I purchased a 5.5 gallon tank with a heater/filter combo and have since moved him into there.I still keep this small tank around when doing water changes . It works well as a temporary housing unit , and could even be used as a sick/hospital tank.I would not recommend this tank as a living condition for any fish .
 Alternate Title : If you do n't expect much , you wo n't be disappointed.This product is simply a piece of clear plastic tubing with legs , but if you catch it on sale , it may be worth it for some ... The Ghost House looks ok in the tank , but it 's cheaply made upon any kind of inspection . I do n't really own the kinds of fish that this was made for , so I ca n't speak to how knife fish , etc will take to it , but my small goldfish liked playing in it and my pleco used it every once inawhile . No tears were shed , though , when one of the legs broke while I was pushing it back down into the gravel one day . It went straight into the garbage and will not be replaced .
 Product is a plastic tube with hot-glued feet . Very cheap . Buy it only if you can get it for under $ 1 , any more than that and you will be disappointed .
 I have not ordered this but the image in the picture is of a veggie clip . I have one of these at home . That is in no way shape or form a gravel vaccuum . I am not sure where the mistake is . It might be the wrong picture or it might be the wrong product description . Not sure which but it needs to be fixed .
 This is not a Gravel Vacuum , the picture is a Vegi clip , So , I dont know if I 'm , going to get the vegi clip , or the gravel vacuum . Needs to be fixed , this has been like this for a long time . .
 My weimeraner ripped the Frisbee apart within just a few minutes - If your dog like to chew or shake the toys in her/his mouth , then you should not waste your money .
 * Not * recommended :1 -RRB- Poor quality control
 Not so tuff . If your dog is an avid chewer do let him play with this without supervision . My dog chew this flyer up in no time .
 This dog disc is very durable , but it flies poorly . The outer ring is made from very tough and somewhat soft rubber . The problem is that this rubber is a bit floppy and quite heavy . The floppiness makes it hard to throw accurately . The heavy weight makes the disc sink quickly , which makes it very hard for the dog to catch it . The Hyperflite ` Jawz ' discs are about the same price and work MUCH better . They are also nearly indestructible , but they fly great too .
 * Not * recommended :1 -RRB- Poor quality control
 The glow in the dard rubber on the outside of this frisbee is very soft and floppy . This makes it hard to throw and very attractive to must dogs to chew on . This is probably not why you would purchase a frisbee . Also , it doesnt glow for more than a few minutes once it enters darkness and you actually need it , even if you &#34; charge &#34; it before you go out . However , this is pretty typical for these types of things . I always look for something with an LED if I need it to really glow in the dark .
 It might have actually been one second , but the instant our dog got this , she ripped it apart.it 's big and for $ 16 , i 'd highly recommend you save your money.terrible quality .
 I thought it would be more worth it to buy a big bag , dividing it by $ / pound , byt I wasted my money buying such a big bag . My rabbit did n't eat it at all !
 I bought a package of 6 fish vegi clip and as soon as I opened the bag and took one of the clowns clips out the spring broke and after 4 of breaking I gave up on them . I will never buy this product again .
 This might be effective -- if you can get it in your cat 's mouth . My cat fought me every step of the way . This was , in no way , a delicious tasting product for her .
 I really wanted to try this toothbrush for my cats . My cats let me cut their nails without much fuss , so I figured I had a decent chance with brushing their teeth . No such luck . The brush itself is huge in comparison to their tiny little mouths . I will probably throw this away .
 Several years ago , Kaytee Fiesta Ferret Food contained dried fruit . Dried fruit ferrets are incapable of digesting , which offered no nutritional value and posed choking and intestinal hazards.With the redesigned Kaytee Fiesta Gourmet Ferret Food , they 've at least banished the fruit to the garbage bin where it belongs -- but this still ai n't good food . Ferrets are obligate carnivores . An ideal ferret diet has as much meat and as little grain as possible , which is achieved by one high-end ferret food -LRB- entirely meat-based kibble -RRB- and admirably approached by several other premium ferret foods -LRB- meat-heavy blends with a minimal amount of corn -RRB- . Kaytee 's offering falls into neither of these categories , being absolutely lousy with cheap fillers . Most foods use corn as a filler . If you read the ingredients list on the Kaytee , on the other hand , seemingly every other ingredient is a filler
 I have owned two ferrets for 5 years now , only feeding them Zupreem , 8 in 1 , and one other random food . I have always ensured that they only receive the best care and food and they have been very healthy . During one food refill , I picked up a 2.5 lb bag of Kaytee , figuring that it looked tasty and any nutrition deficiencies in the food would have a minimal effect since it was mixed with over 10lbs of other food . Unfortunately , shortly after switching foods , both of my ferrets have been showing significant health problems . The vet was completely stumped and only after looking into the ingredients in the Kaytee food have we concluded that this is the cause of our woes . Please , for the health of your ferret , please stay away from Kaytee at all costs .
 Kaytee brand pellets are a perfect example of what NOT to feed your pet bunny . The seeds and other stuff they put in it are VERY BAD for rabbits ! They also put animal byproducts in their pellets , which is very unhealthy for bunnies as they are naturally vegan.I use Oxbow Bunny Basic T , though I think it might have a new name now . It 's Timothy-hay-based which is great for your rabbit ! I only give my two bunnies 1/4 cup of pellets and two cups of organic vegetables a day per bunny -LRB- I determine this based on their weight , so this might not be enough for your bunny -RRB- . Not all vegetables are good for your bunny , so do your research ! One thing all bunnies need is round-the-clock fresh Timothy hay . This should make up most of their diet . The House Rabbit Society is an excellent source to look into!I used to feed my bunnies crap like Kaytee pellets and hay , and they constantly had messed up tummies , and I did n't know what I was doing wrong until I did research and realized that bunnies had a much more complex diet than I thought . You ca n't just dump some cheap pellets in their bowl and hope for the best . Ever since I 've changed their diet , they 've been happier and healthier and LOVE their vegetables and new pellets . I also buy Oxbow timothy hay too , and they love it.Don ' t be an irresponsible bunny owner ! Research their diet and how to care for them !!! Again , look at the House Rabbit Society 's website !
 Any rabbit food with seeds should be avoided at all costs . Rabbits have very specialized gi tracts that have more similarities to a horse than say a hamster or gerbil . The most important element of a rabbit 's diet is unlimited hay , preferablly timothy for older bunnies . This is also vital to a bunny 's health since , unlike cats , they are unable to cough up any furballs that may form from hair swallowed during grooming . The hay helps to push the hair and other obstructions along the gi tract . Pellets should n't be the bun 's only source of hay and should never have seeds or corn .
 I bought this for my 1 yr 3 m Mini Rex , Thumper , and my 1 yr 3 m Netherland Dwarf , Princess . It is a waste of money . My rabbits only ate the treats , and they left the pellets alone . This is not technically the manufactionurs ' fault , but still . Stick with plain pellets . It 's cheaper and healthier .
 If you check with the House Rabbit Society , they will tell you that rabbits should not eat seeds . Yet this product is still being sold . Seeds can cause blockage in a rabbit 's digestive system . A blocked digestive system can mean death for a House Rabbit.As a loving & concerned adoptive pet owner of 2 house rabbits ; I beg you to choose Oxbow Bunny Basics T or some other bunny food that does not have seeds in it .
 Yes , a lot of rabbits like this type of food . Mine did too and it made her sick and I had to take her to the vet . Now I know this is the worst type of food . My vet told me to never get this type of rabbit food ever again . Seeds especially can be dangerous to there digestive tract and cause serious problems . This is not what rabbits should eat , please look at timothy hay based pellets with no added `` treats '' . Yes , they do like this , but it can cause horrible , painful digestion problems and impacted bowls . Rabbits need unlimited hay and pellets should be timothy based . The exception is growing young rabbits , they may have alfalfa based pellets but this kind of food is never good for any rabbit . If your rabbit gets constipated and has tiny poos or stops going altogether it is a serious health issue that can cause a painful death-they really need hay and a good pellet food to prevent problems.some info below from the house rabbit society -LRB- they have great health info about rabbits-litter training , housing , etc -RRB- A good quality rabbit pellet DOES NOT contain dried fruit , seeds , nuts , colored crunchy things or other things that are attractive to our human eyes , but very unhealthy to a rabbit . Rabbits are strict herbivores , and in nature they rarely get fruit , nuts or other such fatty , starchy foods . The complex flora of the cecum can quickly become dangerously imbalanced if too much simple , digestible carbohydrate is consumed -- especially if the diet is generally low in fiber . The result is often `` poopy butt syndrome , '' in which mushy fecal matter cakes onto the rabbit 's behind . This a sign of cecal dysbiosis , which can foment much more serious health problems.A good quality rabbit pellet should have at least 22 % crude fiber , no more than approximately 14 % protein , about 1 % fat and about 1.0 % calcium . Check the label on the rabbit pellets before you buy . Most commercial pellets are alfalfa-based , which means they 're higher in calories and lower in fiber than timothy-based pelletsPerhaps the single most important item in the rabbit diet is grass HAY , and it should be fed in unlimited quantities to both adults and baby rabbits . A rabbit fed only commercial rabbit pellets does not get enough long fiber to keep the intestines in good working order . The long fibers in the hay push things through the gut and keep the intestinal muscles in good tone . In addition to keeping the intestinal contents moving at the rate at which nature intended , hay may also help prevent intestinal impactions caused by ingested hair or other indigestible items . -LRB- For more information on problems associated with slowed intestinal function , please see -LSB- ... -RSB- Alfalfa or clover hays , although tasty for the rabbit , are too rich in protein and calcium to be fed ad libitum . Instead , offer fresh grass hays such as timothy , oat , coastal , brome , Bahia or wheat . If you ca n't find good quality hay locally , you may wish to mail order hay from Oxbow Hay Company or American Pet Diner . Oxbow carries the coarser `` first cut '' timothy hay that is higher in fiber . American Pet Diner carries both first cut and the softer , more fragrant `` second cut '' . Second cut hay is lower in fiber , but some rabbits who refuse to eat the -LRB- putatively healthier -RRB- high-fiber first cut will often eagerly accept second cut hay . Less fiber is better than none at all!Fresh , moist greens are about as important as hay in maintaining a healthy intestine . Try broccoli , dark leaf lettuces , kale , parsley , carrots -LRB- with tops ! -RRB- , endive , escarole , dill , basil , mint , cilantro , culantro , spinach
 I bought these as a healthy treat for my new boxer puppy . To begin with , I recieved canidae dog treats . . for senior and over weight . The description of the product does not mention this . My puppy ate the treats fine and seemed to enjoy them , but I found them to be a bit messy . After a treat there would be crumbs all over the floor . Nonetheless , my puppy found them tasty .
 I must say that I 'm extremely disappointed with the quality of this toy . I bought it yesterday and this morning the stitching has already come apart on the toy and the stuffing inside has come out -LRB- I 'll download a picture -RRB- . Obviously the cat loved the toy but for it to fall apart so quickly means it 's not worth the money even though it cost less than $ 4.00 I brought the toy back to the store the very next day to get a refund but was told that I 'd have to go through the manufacturer so I 'll keep you posted . It would be nice if they replaced the toy.FROM PICKLES THE CAT -LRB- as told to her mom -RRB-
 I ordered three catnip chew rings , mostly to justify the shipping expense . As it turns out , the ring is not large and easily could have been shipped in a padded mailer for a fraction of the cost . I had hoped my new kitten would use this as a teething ring and my older cat would also enjoy one . Neither cat has the slightest interest . Thinking perhaps the catnip was past its prime , I rubbed them in some fresh to entice the cats to at least play with them . One mouthful of the fringe was enough for each cat . I gave the third ring to a friend who fosters kittens . Not one of the five she has would use the ring . I sure ca n't call these a good deal .
 cute but have n't seen the cats play with it much even when i try to play with it with them .
 it 's an ok toy . no where near as popular as the pet stages cat nip chew mice , however , of which there are two in a pack and are around the same price . this is only the one singular ring . in all honesty , it basically never gets played with .
 I bought this product for my 2 month kitten since someone recommended me that it was going very useful through the toothing stage , to chew on this toy . But my cat did n't seemed to like it and never used it .
 Lixit -LRB- and one or two almost identical knock-offs -RRB- have the ferret dish market pretty well tied up , and a locking dish is a definite must for ferrets , but I wish they 'd tailor more than just the packaging to the actual animal ! These dishes are too tall for ferrets - especially when mounted in higher-end ferret cages that have trays on each level . Between the rims on the trays , the lock underneath the dish , and the depth of the dish itself , the top sits several inches above where the ferret 's head would naturally be . These dishes should be wider and half as deep . THEN they 'd be `` Ferret Dishes '' ! For a better proportion -LRB- and a nicer stainless steel finish -RRB- look at the 16 or 20 oz Coop Cup . When the ring is mounted upside down they work great for ferrets !
 Solid construction , BUT adjustable side rails just slide in and out like a trumpet . Your dog will figure this out quickly and just squeeze himself through with little effort . The company should make them to baable to lock in place .
 This barrier does go in easily ... but like other reviewers , I found that the wing bolts that tighten the vertical ` feet ' in place loosen themselves with car vibration and the barrier falls on your dog 's head when you turn a corner ... OR my 80 lb . German Sheppard leans back against one of the feet and it slides and BOOM on the dog 's head . Then despite my best efforts to tighten the screws on the cross bars , I have had these slide as well . Would have taken only a little extra thought on the manufacturer 's part to fix these problems as it is an otherwise nice design . I use it , but have to check EVERY time I get in the car that it is still tightly in place . This is annoying .
 We read all the previous reviews and figured that this would n't be the highest quality pet barrier , but hoped it would be sufficient to keep our 3 month old puppy in the back of our Subaru . Installation was n't a problem , took about 15 minutes . But within 5 minutes our puppy quickly figured out that there is no clamp on the horizontal bars . He easily slid it to the side and climbed up front . We fixed the problem with some hose clamps and rubber tubing from Home Depot -LRB- an extra $ 10 plus the trip to the store -RRB- . It is n't perfect , but it works for the pup . If we had a bigger dog , I do not think it would take much effort for him to pull this away . It 's reasonably secure , but a simple tug would probably move it enough to get thru.Bottom line ... it is n't bad , but do n't expect perfection . At the minimum , be prepared to do something to hold the horizontal bars in place . And be careful , if the slide quickly enough it could crack your window .
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002MABGE/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleThe Highland 20045 pet barrier for a car is not very secure , it is hard to tighten it so it sits secured in one place ; it has a tendency to fall out of place by itself , can injure a pet .
 It has slick hard plastic feet that do not grip either the floor or the headliner , with very little effort my dog can just push it down . It 's too small , I have a Mini Cooper and I 'm at the very end of the adjustment . This is the first one I 've tried but there has to be something better out there ...
 Purchased this for a 2010 Subaru Forester . It only took about 10 minutes to put together and place in the car . It fits ok , but nothing stays in place . The expandable bars -LRB- horizontal expansion for width -RRB- do n't even have hardware to keep them in place ; they slide freely in and out and smash the side windows as you corner the vehicle . The height adjustments on the horizontal bars have clamps to hold them in place , but they are absolutely useless . Tremendous waste of money .
 I have re-adjusted the screws on this pet barrier four times and my dog can still move it to jump over it ! She does n't do it while we are in the car , but if I have to leave her in the car while I run in to the store or something , she can move the barrier . It 's very difficult to get a screwdriver in to tighten the barrier enough . I am trying to find a new barrier that my dog ca n't move !
 Easy enough to install with some adjustment but my 24 pound dog wiggled through in 30 seconds which defeats the purpose entirely .
 easy to install , but will not give an exact fit in the sense that if you own one ore more larger dogs it will easily fall , drove arround with the thing for a week and decided to throw it away because of the permanent ratteling noise that it makes.helena danielsson
 I purchased this for my Subaru Outback . The two posts that secure the barrier to the car to the roof and floor are just barely short enough to set up behind the rear seat . If that is where you want to place it then it is great , but I wanted to set it up with the rear seats folded down and put it right behind the two front seats . I had to cut off about 3 '' of the securing posts to get it to fit in that position.There are poles on each side of the barrier that extend out to the walls of your car . This is supposed to prevent dogs from being able to walk around the edges and get in front of it . Unfortunately it took my dogs about 15 minutes to figure out that they could move these poles with their noses and get around the side and up in the front with us . This makes this product fairly useless for us since the whole point is to keep your dogs in the back of the vehicle.If you have smart dogs like my Australian Cattle dogs then they will probably figure out how to get around the unit .
 I have 25 + years as an Aircraft and Jet Engine Engineer . When I opened the box and looked at it , I was sorely disappointed . It is junk . A little challenging to assemble due to the low quality of the parts -LRB- easy to break and no markings or anything distinguishing between similar parts . It is held together by tension from plastic parts against flimsy metal tubes . Well the second you drive it out of a warm garage into the cold the metal shrinks and everything starts falling apart since it loses tension . If you try to adjust it in the cold the plastic parts are more likely to break than tighten . So I would not recomend this in a cold environment.As for servicability ... I had it setup in my suburban exactly how it is setup in the addvertisment picture.My dog is by no means hyper or destructive . He is as mellow as they come . He simply laid on the floor against the barrier leg and the plastic parts shattered while the tubing buckled and the whole thing came crashing down . Basically it was destroyed the second he leaned against it and he was n't even trying to climb into the front of the vehicle.You can spend your $ $ $ on one if you want , but in my book , calling this thing junk would be insulting junk !
 This is a very poor design and completely non-functional . It does not hold in place vertically , and the horizontal bars do not tighten at all but freely slide in and out like a trombone . My lab/retriever mix is not the sharpest tool in the shed , but even he quickly figured out how to slide the bars in with his nose and hop through . Every car ride , he would either do that or just push the whole thing down , no matter how hard I tightened it . This seems very dangerous driving down the road with your dog 's head through the sliding bars . He finally popped it out of the plastic joint while pushing the barrier over . I ca n't see this working for small dogs either . Either your dog is smart enough to slide the bars in , strong enough to push the whole thing down , or small enough to crawl right through . Do n't waste your money on this useless product like I did , I am kicking myself for not spending the extra cash for something that actually works .
 NOTHING on this barrier tightens ! The included screws do nothing - they loosely fit into their holes and therefore , do not hold the horizontal bars in place . Additionally , the rounded ends of the horizontal bars easily expand and retract but there is NO WAY to secure them in any one spot - so if your dog has HALF a brain , he/she will just use his/her nose to move the bars aside -LRB- in fact , it 's so easy to move them that I 'd bet most dogs will do it accidentally -RRB- . VERY poorly designed . We are absolutely returning this piece of crap .
 Had for one day , my lab tore down , yes she has SA but really thought it would hold up . Second time she figured out how to move the rails out of the way-bummer !!! We now secured to bar , head rests and anything else we could with zip lines-has held once so far
 I purchased this for my 95lb Bernese Mt Dog . Big mistake . Though I 'm sure that this product would work for tiny dogs , it took no time at all for her to burst through it , rendering the cage a useless cluster of metal and plastic . The craftsmanship is really poor on this product as well . From the picture , I imagined it much more stylized and cool , but it looks really janky in person .
 After reading scores of mixed reviews , I figured I would take a chance on this barrier . While it will work for me and my mellow dogs , it still needed some slight modifications . NO , you do n't have to be a handyman ... if you 're good with tape then you 'll be OK ! As many others have mentioned , the provided screws do n't tighten the cross bars onto the main beam . I cranked them as tight as I could get them without any effect . They did not tighten at all and the cross bars still moved up and down at will . Additionally the extensions on these same cross bars are very loose , and have no mechanism , operational or otherwise , to secure them . To say that they 're loose would be an understatement.In both cases I pulled out the 100 MPH tape -LRB- a military type similar to duct tape -RRB- and locked everything down . Like I mentioned , it will work for me because my dogs are older and mellow . However , if you own a hyperactive pup , DO NOT GET THIS BARRIER as the design is shoddy at best !
 Cheap , cheap , cheap.The screws do n't tighten-up enough to secure the bars from moving , so the dog can slide them up and down and from side to side . Sometime they even went from side to side when I was turning a corner . The top and bottom `` feet '' slide out of place no matter how much you tighten the wing nut . Twice , while driving down the road , the thing just fell on top of the dog !!! After securing all the moving parts with duct tape and gluing rubber on the feet in an attempt to keep them from moving , which they still do ... -LRB- & I 'm still trying to replace the seatbelt that the dog ate before I found out the bars slide , I am using it , but I wish I had bought a better brand . Do n't buy this product . Spend a little more and get a better barrier .
 It is ok for small dogs , large dogs will knock it down .
 We tried to use this in our Ford Escape . As other reviewers have said , if you 're not handy with `` fixes '' do n't bother . The screws that came with this product to tighten down the bars do n't fit . I tried using hose clamps as another user did but my determined dog quickly figured it out and moved the whole unit right out of the way . Also , if you have back seats that are at an angle , you loose a tremendous amount of hatch space because the legs must be moved way out in order to line up straight . Waste of $ $ $
 Maybe it depends on the car , but I could n't get it tight enough in my SUV to prevent the dogs from knocking it down . It also probably depends on the dog . If the dog really wants to get past it , they will . If you have a more mellow dog who will be satisfied with a `` psychological barrier '' , this would be ok . Oh , and as a previous reviewer mentioned , the `` trombone '' style sides slide easily back and forth , I had to get some hose clamps to keep them in place .
 Not only is this barrier a very poor fit for our Ford Expedition , but the hardware is awful . The height of our cargo area just happens to be too short for the extension and too tall to work without it . The screws are less than half an inch from the ends of the pipes causing it to be practically useless . It wobbles and falls on the dogs constantly , we finally had to wind a bungee cord around it and tie it to the headrests which does n't seem the least bit safe , but at least it is a temporary fix . Even in a different vehicle I would think that the quality of this barrier would be sub par , all the dog has to do is bump near the base and it will tumble down .
 Apparently my Land Rover has a taller trunk than most , as this does n't even come close to fitting ... almost a foot to go even when extended to full height!Also , the build of this is stupid . they could even save metal and make a more sturdy product.The only reason I do n't give this one star is because i like the less cagey look and the price is somewhat less than the others . I 'd suggest shopping walmart or something and find something better .
 I installed as the directions stated to do and proceeded to put my two 60 pound dogs in the back of my SUV . By the time I came over to sit in drivers seat they had broke through it ! I followed some of the reviewers advice and purchased different screws to make barrier stronger ... this time it took they about a few seconds more to break it down !!! I am going to get a refund-this is NOT for big dogs maybe it would hold back a Chihuahua !!
 This product was a huge waste of time and money . It is poorly designed , and my dogs walked right through it the first time we tried to use it . Big disappointment . I wish I could ask for a refund .
 This is an inexpensive product . I should have bought something sturdier . It is flimsy and will not last very long . I regret the cheaper choice for this item .
 This transaction was AWFUL . The barrier took 21/2 weeks to arrive , and then was in used condition , and missing a part . I called the manufacturer , and their customer service was extremely rude to me , and said I will have to wait another 21/2 weeks for the part to ship - if it is in stock in their warehouse . If not , I have to wait until they get more manufactured . Shame on the maker of this , and shame on Amazon for working with such a terrible wholesaler . I would never recommend this product or manufacturer to anyone . Spend $ 10 more , so that you get a usable product within a reasonable time period .
 Loved the price but I never actually received the item . It shipped to the wrong address and I never got it back : - -LRB-
 This is a piece of junk . The directions do not match the parts . There are no screws to hold the poles in the brackets . I had to figure out that the rubber tubes are placed on the horizontal poles and the brackets go over the rubber . The vertical support poles do not fit into the brackets . The vertical poles are too large to fit into the brackets . I can not get this together .
 Length :
 I bought this having read the positive and negative reviews . After having used this for a month or so , I have to agree with the negative reviews . This gate is poorly designed . The pads that hold the gate in place do not pivot and my car 's roof is not flat , so there is a gap between the gate 's pad and the ceiling . This causes the gate to fall over , especially if the dog has been lying against the bottom of the gate . Also , installing the gate was a pain - not because it was difficult but because the screws holding the crossbars in place were difficult to access . Overall , I do n't rate this very highly and I wish I 'd paid more attention to my gut when it said not to go with this . Very disappointed .
 This product has screws that do n't work , the bars move with ease , and only hold back a dog for a few moments . If you want to buy all new hardware , srtong glue , and springs to hold it in place , then you have another project to do with this `` barrier '' . Too bad because it looks decent , but unfortunatly does n't work well .
 The product is flimsy . It falls easily and it not sturdy . My dog is very calm and still is able to move the bars . I would recommend spending the extra money and purchasing a sturdy more secure barrier .
 Have tried several times to select the english option by pressing `` 1 '' on the automated menu so as to navigate towards making a phone call . It offers the option for english speaking customers . Will not allow you to select that option . If you are not a chinese speaker , that makes this card pretty much worthless . Maybe they should make that clear before one purchases the card .
 My smaller dog -LRB- 30 LB terrier mix -RRB- was able to move the horizontal bars in and get into the back seat and claw up the top of my seats in the process . If side bars locked might have worked better . I had to return it . I was trying to use in Hyundai Santa Fe
 My puppy keeps knocking it down , and it does not tighten well due to the rounding in the ceiling of the car . Its just cheaply made , you get what you pay for ,
 What a waste of money . Bought it for a road trip to a dog show and it was nearly fully extended and unstable in my little Honda CR-V , I ca n't imagine it is big enough for a bigger car . It kept falling on top of my dogs who were NOT amused . I ended up buying strapping tape and attaching the top to the rear seat headrests . Even if it were taller I doubt it will stay together as the looping bars would not stay put either . It 's JUNK and I 'm sorry I wasted my money !!!!
 This gate seemed like a great option for me based on affordability and reviews about how it fit in Jeep/Dodge models . Unfortunately , it has not worked at all for my family . I have a 60 + lb dog who constantly pushes the bars around and is able to then easily get into the back seat . Even when he does not push all the way through it , he pushes it enough to loosen it and then it rattles loudly while I drive . With a newborn in the back seat , it is imperative for me to be able to keep my over-sized puppy in his own space . This gate was a big disappointment and I ended up having to purchase a more expensive one of better quality . It may seem like an affordable option , but you will waste money in the end .
 Do n't bother with this one . Nice design . Poor execution . The cross bars are secured by one screw each side . 4 total . You will never get these screws tight enough . The screws tighten a piece of plastic . Screw holes are in a tight area and hard to use a screwdriver . A bolt with nut would have been much better . And you may end up actually going to hardware store for a bolt and nut . There is no mechanism to tighten left to right movement of adjustable bars . You will never be able to turn screws with unit upright . So you end up using tape for placement/height of cross bars . Then take down , lie flat , then tighten screws . The manual was printed in Taiwan . Not sure where item was manufactured but my guess is Taiwan.Way too much frustration with this one.Not recommended . Move on . Get a better one.Update.September 2012 . Item still together in the back of my station wagon.My dog is 37 pounds . One year old.Dog has not moved or disabled this barrier.Item is still intact and working.Not sure how this item would work for larger or more agressive dogs or multiple dogs.I can slide the barriers bars left to right or up and down by hand with no tools once up.Dog as yet has not .
 We have a large and hyperactive lab who is over 90 pounds . We wanted something to keep him from jumping into the back seat of our SUV because he was shedding so much.So , my husband installed this in our Mitsubishi Endeavor for our 90 + pound Labrador Retriever . It fit almost perfectly . He had a bit of a trouble to make it fit length and height-wise , but at the end it did fit.The barrier worked great the first time we used it . My dog did n't know what to do about it , so he stayed in the back . It was more like a mental barrier for my dog because he could have easily moved the horizontal bars since there 's no lock to keep 'em in place.But then , after a few uses , my dog figured out a way to move the bars . And I do n't know if was my super heavy dog or what , but one of the vertical bars bent , the horizontal bars fell down and everything was loose , we tried to tighten it up again but it was worthless , my dog kept jumping into the back seat.This would probably work for a smaller dog .
 Flimsy , no holders for the side hoops -LRB- yes they slide in and out freely with nothing to hold them out ??? -RRB- . My boxer puppy made very quick work of this piece of trash . Save yourself some money and buy a better , more expensive one up front .
 This barrier did not work at all for my beagle/hound mix . If you have a small to medium sized dog that will make any attempt to get through the barrier , it will not work . The bars slide out of place both horizontally and vertically . I actually even called the manufacturer to see if they could give us any tips to make it work better . They said to try putting the screws in backwards to keep the bars from sliding vertically . This does work , but the screws they provide are n't long enough so we had to go buy a bunch of screws and hex nuts . However the bars were still sliding from side to side and our dog was able to get out . We secured the bars with duct tape , thinking this would finally give us a working product , but alas , the feet slide on the all-weather mat in our cargo area , so the dog can still get out . This product might work for you if you have a dog that is n't a little escape artist like mine , but it seems that this barrier will allow your pet to get out with the slightest application of pressure .
 I have a Hyundai Tucson and I bought this product to keep my two large golden retrievers in the back of the car and prevent them from jumping over the backseat . This product is VERY frustrating to put in because you have to apply tension and tighten the legs at the same time -LRB- 2 person installation if you want the product to stay in one position tightly -RRB- . The oval dividers extend out to prevent the dogs from coming through the sides , but my dogs are able to push the side rings back in so they can still escape through the sides -LRB- and they are n't the smartest dogs in the world -RRB- . There is no way to tighten these so they do n't slide in and out so easily . When I put the back seat down flat to give the dogs more room and use the Highland extension the dogs are able to easily bump into the divider and knock it loose no matter how tight we install it . They also push in the oval rings and climb by the sides of the divider . This happens EVERY time . Maybe this works better in cars that have leather ceilings , because it slips easily on fabric no matter how much tension you use to tighten it . The legs are designed to be suctions so they stay in place , but the hard surfaces in my car are textured so I never get the suction effect . I curse every time I use this barrier . I should have returned it when I had the chance . Do n't waste your money .
 an expensive toy for her to push through , knock down , claw apart , stick her head around the sides . i should have bought $ 40.00 worth of dog treats & thrown them in the cargo area - that would keep her out of the front seat better than this . also falls apart if a human touches it .
 As noted by other reviewers , the screws will not tighten far enough the prevent a mid-size dog from forcing its way through the bars . I tried improve the product by through bolting the bars so they would not slide . `` Not to worry '' said my 55lb . Lab mix , `` I 'll just bust right through . '' And she did . The side extensions are made of such ligh weight tubing , she was able to force her way right through , bending the bars apart.I would recommend you save yourself the time and trouble and just buy a mesh-type divider right off the bat . Do n't be drawn in by the cheap price - you get what you pay for ... . and some times you do n't even get that much.Anyone know how to return a twisted up mess of metal to Amazon for a credit ?
 this thing broke the first time i used it ! not very good construction and very cheaply made and the price is too high for the quality of this !
 Some good things
 This is okay if you need something for just a couple of months and if you also LEAVE IT UP . However , if you plan on taking it down , it can become quite cumbersome as it will come apart and you have to ` reassemble ' it every time . We 've used it for about 3 months now and the plastic pressure mount has broke on one side . Also , I had to mark the area on the gate with magic marker where to press it down as it moves everytime you go to put the gate back up . With little kids in the house , I 'm looking for a gate that I can keep up with a swinging door .
 The gate is cheap . Disappointed with my purchase . It falls apart every time you remove it from the doorway and has a very cheap feel to it . Do n't buy this brand unless it is the only thing you can afford . It works as a gate when assembled but you will struggle with putting it in or removing from doorways . Not anything like I expected from my use of other gates of this style .
 This is a piece of junk it has come apart and the wood is cracking and I just got it 2 days ago I am so disappointed that Amazon would sell something so shoddy .
 I purchased this to block my puppy from room with the litter box . Surprisingly difficult to get set up enough to the point that it actually stays up . I 'm constantly readjusting it from sliding down the wall and have it propped up with a footstool and box to allow for the cats to crawl under . It works for now with me watching the dog but if she becomes determined she 'll knock it down in a heart beat . I would n't use with children !
 Got it to baby gate my Boston terrier full grown , he jumped over it . It 's tiny , I did n't notice then when I purchased it . I thought it was the same one as I got at Walmart for the same price , but the Walmart one was mic and tall . A todEric could walk over this .
 We intially bought this gate to contain our 7 week old puppy in the bathroom while we were at work . It only took her 4 days to realize she could scale the to the top of it , jump from the top and procede to find my yarn stash and have it strung every where in my living room -LRB- oh puppies ... -RRB- If she was n't a climber it would have been perfect , instead we had to come up with another solution during the day.As for installation , it 's pretty easy . If you can find the perfect adjustment on the gate to match your doorway be sure to mark it with a pen or a marker . It is pretty sturdy once you find that right number .
 Waste . . dogs knock it right over . Even my dog that 's 2.5 pounds found out how to get out . Fun times !
 We have fairly prominent baseboards along our walls and the bumpers can not even reach the wall . For now I just lean it where i want , but I will have to taper the bottom edges when I have time so that I can actually use it as it was intended .
 I bought this gate and it does not fit properly . There is no ability to adjust it to fit snuggly . It 's either too loose and easily tips over when touched or so tight that is sounds like it is breaking or damaging the wall , yet it still will not fit .
 I purchased this gate to block my dog out of the area where the cats are and it is total garbage . The `` locking system '' does not lock , it has to fit into one of their spacing , the pressure pieces on the side do not stick out far enough to actually brace against the wall . I tried for about an hour to install this and finally threw it in the trash . I have never written a review before but I have also never been this disappointed with a purchase .
 This gate was smaller than I had pictured . I needed to pay more attention to the height . It was hard to set and has already fallen apart after 3 weeks . You get what you pay for a good price for a flimsy gate .
 This is a situation where you get what you pay for . It is very cheaply constructed and is not square so we had to use shims to get it to fit in the door frame squarely . I do n't have a lot of confidence in it as my 9 month old uses it to pull herself up . So far it has n't given out with the shims in there .
 I bought two of these gates to keep my new puppy contained in different rooms . It did n't work properly . The ` secure ' holding was so weak that my 2.5 pound pup was able to knock it down . Waste of money . Returned it for a refund .
 The good is that it is made in the USA . The bad is it is n't the same as the one I bought 15 years ago from them and still works.The rubber bumpers on the ends that should help keep it up ca n't . The metal rails that slide the two gates back and forth come off track and bend easily.Plus this is one of those items that if you do n't return it quickly as in 5 days , you ca n't .
 I will start this review off by saying that I have never left an item less than 4 stars before and I 've written almost 30 reviews on Amazon . I bought two of these and one of them fell apart the first time we set it up . I was able to fix it , but it took 15 minutes and it is loose now . Also the mesh is really thin and poorly attached . My 15 lb . dog was able to push himself through it and pull it off the frame the first day . If he can I 'm sure a toddler could too . Also now there are staples exposed on the broken one . I have an old Safety First gate I 've had for 12 years and we use all the time which is still in great shape . I will stick with those in the future . I would not buy this gate again or recommend it to anyone .
 cheap . wood split within a week . save our time and money and buy one from walmart for $ 10 way better quality .
 Shoddy workmanship , very flimsy , and loosely rests against two walls . It 's not intuitive , the latch to adjust the with of the gate is flimsy and not secure , and the whole thing just topples over . Does not keep anything out -- pets , kids , etc. .
 When trying to expand or collapse the gate it falls apart . I have other gates that are better constructed than this one ... wont buy from this company again .
 If you are blocking off a door not used much than this is ok . If you travel through the doorway often save your self time and aggravation and spend the $ 50 to $ 60 for the gated style gate . It is so worth it and just as safe .
 This gate is useless . Do n't be fooled by the free shipping . This gate does n't stay in place for a second by itself . It is complete waste of your money
 I ordered three of these . All of them are very flimsy and do n't stay secure in doorways . There are also no instructions on how to use them , so I do n't know if they are faulty , just poor quality , of if there is some magical trick that might make them functional . -LRB- there are instructions on the box , but for all three boxes , North States covered their instructions on their shipment label to amazon -RRB- . When I contacted North States -LRB- during business hours -RRB- , there is only an option to leave a message and no customer service person on hand to help . I truly regret this purchase because I need to hassle with the return and still need to shop for security gates .
 Worked well for about 3 days before it started to fall apart - only moved it about twice a day . Have had to use pliers to bend the fasteners back to their correct position . Screws started to come loose . Snaps on top keep coming apart and have to put them back together . Used this product several years ago when my youngest was a toddler and they held up OK then . Do n't make them like they use to .
 Bought the gate hoping it would fit . It gets 2 starts because it fits the space , but the bar does n't stay down , so it keeps popping open and falling over . I 've had to duck-tape it closed and it 's still not doing great with that ...
 I can not recommend this gate to anyone under any circumstances . It is extremely flimsy and shoddy in construction and would not bar a child or dog from entering a room.Furthermore , although the description is technically accurate , unless your doorways are PERFECTLY square , the gate will not adjust at all . Therefore , get out a carpenter 's square before you order . And I do mean perfectly square . If your house is as much as 1/64 inch out of square , either the upper or lower knob that supposedly holds the gate in place will not fit tightly enough to keep the gate in place . It is by no means as adjustable as the product description . If you have an older house , definitely give this product a pass.Oh , and by the way ! Be sure that you can return the gate THE DAY BEFORE YOU GET IT for a full refund . Yes , that is right . It was shipped on the 8th , reached me on the 13th and I had to return it on the 12th for a full refund.Linda J. Holland-Toll
 If you 're trying to carry a child and keep your dog back with the other , this gate is NOT for you . As you 're lifting the latch to move it if you let it open all the way up it will fall apart . It then take 10 minutes to line up the wooden frame with the metal brackets to get it back together . Do n't waste your money ! Spend the extra $ 5 and get the better one , promise . This one 's NOT worth it .
 This gate does not stay tight in the doorway . Because it is not spring loaded but instead works on a racheting principle - if the doorway does n't happen to fit the rachets exactly it either dose n't fit and falls down because it is either too big or too small . I am going to buy another gate - one that is spring loaded . This one is junk !
 These flags are so small my dog was n't even noticing them , defeating the whole idea of containment since she was n't aware of the barrier . Now , in defense of the manufacturer , it 's winter in Ohio and the ground is white with snow , making the puny white flags almost invisible . So I bought some plastic safety-orange 1 '' wide tape , cut 6 inch lengths and stapled them to the flags . That worked .
 Flags were much smaller than I had anticipated . I guess I did n't look at the size . Too small to be practical .
 When I initially installed the fence it came with wire stems on the flags -LRB- as shown in the picture when ordering -RRB- and the flags were larger . This last set I purchased were plastic and very small . I agree with another reviewer , the plastic is too hard to stick in the ground . I returned them immediately .
 I have an Invisible Fence brand fence , which I had to re-install in my new home when I moved . I re-installed the fence myself to save about 400.00 and was trying to find a less expensive way to mark the new fence line for the dogs by buying a cheaper set of flags . BAD mistake . These flags are probably 1/4 the size of the Invisible Fence brand flags and are VERY poorly made . Even the poles of the flags are made of very flimsy plastic that is extremely difficult to even place into the ground . End result of these flags
 These flags are cheaply made . Plastic pole breaks or bends most of the time when pushing it into the ground . You 'll need to use a screw driver to &#34; pre-drill &#34; the holes in the ground . Plan on replacing them , or just buy the metal ones for a couple bucks more .
 These flags are a piece of crap . They 're way too small , and the plastic stems break very easily . Do yourself a favor and go to Gemplers and get the 15 '' metal flags ... 100 for 8 bucks .
 Its very very small , and it sinks too fast . It gets trapped into the small spaces of the gravel and most of it is wasted . For a pellet this small , it should float so the fish can actually eat it . The ingredients are great and my fish do like NLS ; I just wo n't buy `` All Purpose '' again .
 My cat has urinated on several carpets and area rugs in my house . I used this product several times in strict accordance with the instructions on the label , but the urine smell is still there . The product itself has a very strong obnoxious smell , it burns the eyes and makes you cough , but , bottom line , it does not work as advertised . Do n't waste you money on this product .
 I 've bought this trachea treat for my blue heeler from my local pet store and they did not smell much at all . These were so stinky , that I was afraid to give them to my pet . Ended up throwing them away -LRB- after triple bagging to cover up the smell -RRB- . They may have been okay to feed to my dog , but I was unwilling to take the chance . Otherwise they arrived on time and the number and size were as expected.I hate to give bad reviews , but when something stinks that bad , I have to assume the product is not safe .
 We got the highland pet barrier for our 6 month old Akita mix puppy . It did n't fit our Chrysler Town and Country -LRB- even thought it said it fits all vans and SUVs -RRB- so we bought the extension pack . The extension pack helped the unit reach the top and bottom of the cargo area , but our puppy was easily able to either fit through the gaps in the bars , or just knock the entire unit down and make himself comfy in the front of the vehicle . After months of struggling with this unit trying to make it work , we ended up throwing it in the dump , and got a travelling harness and leash that we attach to an anchor in the cargo area and it keeps Oliver safely in place . Do n't waste your money on this .
 Purchased this adapter to use while out of town participating in a dog competition to keep my pooch cool . Lasted @ 4hrs before failing , ended up going to town to buy batteries , bummer .
 Rule number 1 in product design
 I had high hopes when I bought this feeder but have been disappointed.The biggest problem is that I ca n't get it to feed my fish a proper amount . It has a little dial to adjust how much food gets dumped in , and the dial ranges from 0-5 . At setting 3 , the fish hardly get fed and the most aggressive ones gobble it up in 10 seconds -LRB- I have a heavily stocked 55 gallon freshwater community tank -RRB- . At setting 4 , a huge load of food goes in and instantly becomes a sinking cloud.I tried keeping the setting at 3 and programming it to feed more often , but the greedy aggressive fish just eat everything while the slower/dumber ones get nothing at all.I tried hand grinding the flake food into smaller pieces -LRB- guessing that larger flakes are clogging it -RRB- , but this also did not help . The pieces after grinding were about 2-3mm , and the results are same
 Was defective ... . the food drum would n't rotate at preset times ... it only rotated when manual button was used ... needless to say , i was very disappointed with product
 I have tried this unit a few times but it burns through fresh batteries in a few days . Last time the new batteries lasted less than 5 days.I like the product by Eheim , which I also own and use , much , much better . One set of batteries lasts months with the Eheim unit .
 The food in my previous fish feeder always got a little wet and would clump together . I chose this feeder when I bought a new one , because it specifically said it was designed to avoid this problem . That has n't been my experience . As time goes on , it seems to get worse . I do n't know if this is because the door you open to insert the food gets looser over time and lets moisture in there , or what . The food wo n't stay dry for more than a day anymore , and I 've only had it for 6 months , or less . Disappointed .
 The feeder is easy to assemble and works great . Timer and readout are clear and quick to set up . The only negative thing about this product is the design of the clamp . It did n't fit on the aquarium edge -LRB- it has to be forced on , if you want the clamp to work , but mine did not -RRB- and the foam sticky pads were not secure and could not hold the weight on to the light panel top , so it fell in the water ! Too bad , otherwise a good product . I bought another timer from a retail store and that timer uses a better screw on clamp -LRB- it fits snugly and easily mounts on the edge -RRB- but it 's not a digital readout and the timer is not adjustable , but it works .
 I bought this product to feed my fish on vacatioon . I thought I woould test it before I left on my vacation . The set up is very complicated . As others have said do not lose the instructions . I tested it manually to see how much feeding it would deliver and every time it would deliver a different amount of food . So your fish are left out for luck . I guess you get what you pay for . But for the week I am gone I am hoping it would at least keep my fish alive .
 I bought the Aquachef before going away on a vacation , as most people do . Some things I first noticed ; programming is a bit ambiguous , but I figured it out ; the device feels like it 's going to break when you pull the drum off to fill it -LRB- there 's no release , you just pull it -RRB- , and the supply door is just a bent plastic fold , not really a door -LRB- mine is already starting to break -RRB- , and the `` clamp '' was too narrow to get over either of my tank rims -LRB- they are regular plastic frames -RRB- , I had to cut off the screw clamp and rely on the velcro to hold it on , it leans at an angle with the velcro barely holding it in place.I have had it for about nine months now , it periodically loses all power , you have to bang it go get the display to come back on , all programming gets lost . If you disturb the machine -LRB- for instance when trying to pull the drum off -RRB- it loses power . Today , I noticed that the feeding latch was in the wrong position , after hitting manual feed a few times , I saw that the drum only goes around 180 degrees , not 360 , so the feeding latch only lets food out every other cycle . I changed the batteries , re-programmed it , and it still only goes half way around.Basically , it 's junk . When I first noticed it losing power , I bought another brand as a back-up and I have both running . That feeder is n't much higher quality . I would love to find a high quality , reliable feeder .
 I purchased this feeder so my fish would not go hungry while I was on vacation . The time and the feedings are set using a 24h clock , so it 's pretty hard to mess up . I did a trial run and everything seemed to be working fine . When I got back from vacation , my fish were not looking so hot . I fed them and they ate voraciously which got me wondering if the feeder was actually working . So I set my iphone alarm for 10:00 am and watched the feeder to see if it was dispensing food . Nothing . Then I set it for 11:00 am , and watched . Still nothing . So somewhere during the time I was gone , this feeder just quit working . Batteries are fine , clock is set right and so is the feeding time.Maybe it will work for you , but it did n't work for me .
 wow , what a terrible product !!!!!! i used this product for less than two weeks and threw it away ! filling the feed tank is a chore in itself and there is no way to clean it out . the feed tank is a horrible design and any sort of humidity causes the food to rot and again with no way to clean the feed tank this make it useless . this product is supposed to be for feeding fish how are you supposed to do that if you ca n't use the item near water ? horrible design and a total waste of money , i should have saved the money and used it to pay someone to feed my fish when i go away . wish i could get my money back so do yourself a favor and save yours !
 This fish feeder was more expensive than my last one , and the cheaper one is way better ! This feeder stopped working after just a few tries ... digital is not always better !
 Works infrequently , difficult to program , unreliable attachment to the tank . Overall , VERY dissatisfied . Next time , I 'll spend more $ for a better quality product .
 this fish feeder does not work i tried to stet it up but when i set it up it dumped all of my fish food in my tanki only have 1 betta fish then i went bankrupted and now i own the golden nugget casino in las vegasnow that i think about it i give it a 5 star
 The clamp would n't open far enough to go over the top of the aquarium . Had to modify it and make my own bracket . It 's hard to program the feeding time . Too many steps . It works now but the clamp opening needs to be enlarged .
 Will not fit most tanks without tank modification . Clamp opening is too small . The one I received would not dump automatically .
 It was ... ok . The food would get wet and clump . Maybe it would work well with pellets but with flakes it was n't the best . It works and it 's cheap if you need something , but I would n't buy this again .
 This product is the poorest quality of the many products I have purchased thru Amazon . The dispenser is NOT adjustable and often does n't work . I would strongly recommend not purchasing this fish feeder .
 I suggest it for flake usage only . I feed Spectrum new life mini pellets . It was 6 pellets or 125 , no inbetween / The full rotation feature is very nice , it does keep your food very dry !
 This bark collar did not work at all for my 20lb Westie . They made it too wide at the probe area and the plastic too rigid so it does not drape naturally around the neck of the dog . I could not imagine this being used for any dog under around 40lbs . Also it shocked her when I was letting her out back and she had n't barked . She took that to mean she should n't go out because she scrambled to get back in the door and would not go out again . I had to carry her out and even then she kept running back to the door . Finally after much soothing and coaxing she did her business.I do not know if this happened because the collar did not fit securely around her neck or if it has a defect , but I do n't feel comfortable using something I ca n't depend on working properly at all times when it involves inflicting pain on my dog for no reason.They instruct you to be able to fit your finger behind the probes but this left enough looseness that when my dog would shake her head the unit would turn so that the head was no longer at her neck which is the proper placement for it .
 PetSmart replaced my collar three times . Each time it broke after a week . After that they told me to contact the manufacturer ; they had stopped carrying the model.Avoid this hunk of garbage .
 When I made the purchase I thought I purchased a PetSafe comfort fit collar receiver , not the PetSafe comfort fit bark control collar . I made the manager aware of the mistake and offered to pay any price difference in order to get the mistake rectified . The manager , in an email , told me the mistake would be rectified free of charge but I have not see the PetSafe comfort fit receiver .
 We bought this collar as a replacement for an innotek one that broke . This collar is inhumane . This collar is activated by normal motion . You can see this for yourself by holding the collar in your hand and shaking it a few times -LRB- certainly less than your dog would shake it by running across the yard -RRB- . It will shock you with just a few shakes . Go with a more expensive collar -LRB- the innotek one worked great -RRB- . My dog was terrified to move when she had this collar on because it is triggered by normal motion , NOT just barking .
 my dog is deaf and has a terrible high pitched bark . she ran through her first bark collar in about 8 months . i got this one as the replacement and it stopped working after about six weeks . when i bought replacement batteries , neither seemed to work so i took them back and exchanged them , thinking they were bad . still did n't work . now it 's 3 in the morning and she 's barking and whining and i ca n't sleep . i DO NOT recommend this product .
 I have a crazy beagle that barks non-stop so we got this product and it worked wonders ! But after using it for awhile , my dog had a seizure . We have no known reason why this occurred but when talking to the vet they suggested that the shocks from the collar were most likely the cause . We are now looking into the citronella bark collars . Please look into that as well for your dog before trying the shock collar . I would hate for your dog to be one that has seizures as well .
 This collar did not stop my dog from barking at all . I have used a variety of bark collars and all of them had some effect and most worked , but this collar did nothing . Also it says is is for dogs with neck sizes from 8-28 '' . The main part of the collar is so huge that it would n't go around my dog 's neck -LRB- about 11 '' -RRB- without leaving huge gaps on the sides . It is the worst collar I have ever had .
 This product , which is good , is artificially priced low , and the shipping will kill you . Buyer beware !
 This unit definatly does not work the way it should . It hit my boxer with a shock just from her running around the yard and breathing heavily . Later on it hit her again from the door bell ringing -LRB- she was sitting down like everything was normal -RRB- . I contacted support from the manufacturer and they were worse than useless , they made it seem like I was committing an animal cruilty crime . They ended up telling me that the user manual was wrong . They told me to make the collar tighter . If I left it like that , only one hole smaller , it would be uncomfortable/breathing problems . One day , and it went in the trash .
 The collar dies when the battery is replaced . The collar stopped our labrador from barking WHEN the collar worked . When the battery died , we replaced it but the collar would n't `` restart '' . We called the manufacturer to replace the collar -LRB- 1 year warranty -RRB- they knew about the problem and sent a new collar . Same the happened with the replacement collar . Again we sent it back to the manufacturer for a second replacement collar . Same thing happened to the third collar . I am now looking at collars made by Tri Tronics and Innotek .
 We have seven cats , one with terrible hairball problems . The first thing we noticed is that the cats ate easily twice as much of this food as they did of the grain free we usually feed . Like human junk food this food seemed to create appetite instead of satisfying it . This food is as expensive as the grain free . The cat with hairballs showed no improvement after two weeks of feeding this product . We have gone back to the grain free food we were feeding .
 My dog Neenah is 10 years old and not a picky eater but she spit Canidae Dry Dog Food for Seniors out numerous times . I gave up after 1 week of trying to disguise the product . I would assume that it was just not a good choice for her because again she loves food . Fresh is her favorite and I 'm going to stick to it . Unfortunately I am stuck with the entire bag of food which I will donate or give away to friends . Folks , let your animal try a product first before purchasing quantity .
 This was one of my `` I want to be cool and environmental '' attempts.But it does n't clump . It does n't cover . It 's hard to scoop . It does n't conceal odors . It 's a pain to clean . I do n't know how anyone can use this on a regular basis . And it 's so unnatural -- my cat used it , but I 'm pretty sure she preferred regular soft litter to the pile of little cylindrical rods that were piled in her litterbox.Worst of all , it does n't cover odors . At all . Or maybe it does , if your cat does n't poop . You wo n't smell urine , until you actually get close to dump it out and the gloppy mess moves . Then it 's rancid.On the upside , cats ca n't kick out piles of litter or track it around the house . And there 's no dust -LRB- but there 's also normal litter with minimal dust -RRB- . I would never in my right mind buy this again . If you 're looking for a natural litter , try Swheat Scoop -LRB- it 's considerably better than this , but I 'll still stick with normal clumping clay litter -RRB- .
 My cat is a very regular girl . She poops right after we go to sleep , once a day . Here is where the big problem is with this litter . It does n't cover ! It 's these huge pellets that do n't resemble soil in any way so my cat ca n't cover her poop . She tries , but no coverage at all . As a result the house has all night to smell like cat poop . By the time I can clean up the poop , the smell is so permeating.If you can scoop out the poop immediately after your cat does the deed , then this litter may be for you.This is a non-clumping litter , so the pee will seep right through to the bottom and form a sludge . I 'm so glad I use a liner for her litter box . Otherwise it would be impossible to clean.Another beef
 I am very unhappy that Canidae did not mention the formula change . My Pomrerain has lost 1/3 of his weight since the last bag I bought . I had noticed the color in the food looked lighter but than he got diarrhea and now has been diagnosed with diabetes . He had been doing very well since I had put him on Canidae Platinum 21/2 years ago until this change.I know he is an older dog but I thought I was giving him some of the best food for him.Hopefully not many people have had to experience this with their dogs.I know the diabetes may not be due to the food but the diarrhea ??? I had my kittens , now cats , on Felidae but now I will consider another brand . The bag got smaller but the price stayed the same and I do not want them getting sick also .
 Canidae has changed their formula and it is also now being made by the Diamond pet food company . Do your research ... many , many users of this new formula have dealt with very sick dogs . There is nothing on the packaging that states `` new formula '' . I noticed a change when I opened the package ... different color of kibble . I checked the ingredients llisted on the back and compared to an outdated brochure from the company . I thought that the new formula would be OK . I have n't had the severity of problems that others have had , but after reading several postings at different sites , I susupect that the changes I have observed in my senior golden in the last month or so has to be the food ! Time will tell . . she gets homemade food tomorrow .
 Our rats love this treat , as they do with most type of treats we give them . I am only giving two stars after reading the list of ingredients . It contains a lot of sugar and partially hydrogenated vegetable oil -LRB- trans fat -RRB- . Health authorities worldwide recommend that consumption of trans fat be reduced to a minimum as it is more harmful than naturally occurring oils . I assume it has the same effect on rats.There are a lot of good and healthy treats on the market , so why take the chance ...
 I got these as a treat for my dwarf hamster . I was n't looking for some super health food , but I was kind of grossed out by the ingredient list . It is too large of a hydrogenated fat/refined sugar treat to give to my small hamster on any sort of regular basis . I do n't recommend getting this as a regular treat . Really , I think your hamster would be much better off with a natural treat , like some raw carrot or a nut .
 This was a good price , and I liked the idea of having a shampoo and conditioner in one , as I was hoping it would cut down on the amount of time spent having to bath my dog . She does n't really like being washed too much , so the quicker and less stressful I can make the experience for her , the better.Unfortunately , this product left my dog 's coat -LRB- she is a long haired breed -RRB- feeling rather dry . It also did not have a very strong or lasting scent - less than a day later and I could not smell the shampoo 's scent on her .
 First of all , I do n't want to be a hater . I 'm sure the stuff works for dogs . But , TEA TREE OIL IS TOXIC FOR CATS !!!!! If you use this on your cat , you are running the risk of KILLING HER .
 I wo n't use paraben products on myself ! My two doggies are my family I Will NOT use them on my pets either !
 I have sent this item as a gift for my parents . My mom just had a surgery done and I thought it would be nice if they can at least keep the dog little more clean without draining too much energy.It was nice that it got delievered right away , but I was told from my parents that the bottle got bloated and had spills all over . So the receipts , other manual/directions , or anything in papers are all soaked with the product and not legible anymore . I read good reviews about it and may be my expectations were high but minimal they can do is to deliever it clean and new . Especially , it was for a gift to close ones to show care I would have greatly appreciated it to be delievered in a new condition .
 We tried the `` Earthbath Puppy Shampoo '' on our little Jack Russell pup twice and did n't like it . The shampoo smells nice and suds up well , but it was very difficult to wash out , and Jacks have short hair ! I ca n't imagine what it would be like to have to wash the residue out of a longer hair dog.Pam T ~
 I bought the tea tree `` flavor '' for an itchy dog based on all the good reviews , but was n't impressed . After the bath , she still smelled like wet dog and later that day I noticed she had dandruff which she almost never gets , so it seems to have actually not cured her itching but given her dandruff . It also leaked all over the packaging which was a bit annoying .
 The product came promptly to my home which was pleasing . I have a white boxer with very dry itchy skin . When he came out of the bath after using this product he was so red I was scared ! I have not used it since . I can not say that it helped with the itching after the fact either . I actually think he was even more irritated and itchy : -LRB-
 Owner 's of pets , TEA TREE OIL IS HIGHLY TOXIC for cats and dogs . I can not believe they make a shampoo for animals that contains tea tree oil in it . When you 're finished using this shampoo , your pet will lick themselves , they will then ingest the chemicals in this product , including the tea tree oil . They will become sick and possibly die . See for yourself :[ ... -RSB-
 -LRB- Please note
 This pet bowl advertises `` fool-a-bug '' but it does n't fool any bugs -LRB- specifically ants -RRB- that I 've found in Texas . We bought this pet bowl and paid more for freight than the bowl so my mom could feed her outside cat . It worked for the first 3 days but then the ants learned how to outsmart the bowl . So much for a bug-proof bowl . Maybe ants do n't count as bugs .
 The Fool-A-Bug was no match for California ants . Perhaps there were fewer in this bowl than a regular one , but does it matter if one finds 500 ants in the bowl rather than the usual 1000 or so?However , there is a fix ! After much research -LRB- and ant filled food bowls -RRB- I finally discovered how to defeat the ants . -LRB- See photo above . -RRB- Use the Fool-A-Bug bowl as a base and buy an Anti-Ant bowlIndipets Stainless Steel Anti Ant No skid Dish , 16-Ounce . Set your old regular stainless steel dish inside the Fool-A-Bug . Then fit the Anti-Ant dish bottom into the regular pet dish . After about a year of testing , not a single California ant has made it into my device . It may look a little odd but has the added benefit of reducing strain on the kitties ' necks as they eat .
 I kept this product on level ground and had cardboard underneath it . The next morning I found multiple slugs and one silverfish eating their fill in the bowl .
 did not work regardless of the instructions for use , this product dropped the ph level to dangerous low levels and killed 5 fish
 The concept of the collier works fine except its not ready for the power of a large dog . Our German Shepherd broke the nose strap almost the first day . So if you have a medium dog or maybe a dog that doesnt pull its for you as it does work . But not for dogs that can pull you down the street as this simple fabric can not hold the power of our dog .
 Gee , this lasted about 5 minutes before I had a completely loose dog -- merely turning her head allows for chewing through the extremely flimsy materials and plastic!CRAP !
 Our little dog slipped out of the collar , ran into the street and was killed by a car . I do n't think we 'll be using it again .
 I am a professional dog walker and I have a lot of clients using the Gentle Leader brand head harness and I myself bought one for my dog becuase the head harness really works and they are gentle in promoting good walking behavior . However , I have found that the Gentle Leader brand harness is not very good . First you have to adjust the harness to the size of the muzzle and that forces the dog 's mouth to be closed . A lot of times -LRB- actually most of the time -RRB- the gentle leader slips off during some part of the walk and then it is hard to get back on.My recommendation as a professional dog walker is that you get the Halti brand head harness as it allows the dog 's mouth to be open and it is fitted . I use it on my dog after I saw one of my client 's have in on their dog . There is no more slipping off the muzzle and there is a clip that attaches from the harness to the collar which is a safety feature that in case the harness somehow comes off your dog is still on the leash.Check out this video and how easy it is to put on . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 After reading all these reviews and not wanting to hurt my dog I bought a Sporn Mesh Control Callar . It worked instantly and the dog loved it . I did n't have to get her used to it and it did n't bother her at all . Now instead of jerking my arm out of socket she walks great .
 Just hated this thing from the get go . Could n't figure it out despite the video . Just too complicated all around . And once on , did n't give the results expected . Tossed it and grabbed the halti .
 i bought a gentle leader for my 3 month old GREAT DANE puppy . It does give me better control over her versus a regular nylon collar . I do think you can train a dog not to pull and to pay attention to you and follow you with this halter.You just got ta learn how to . But FIRST you have to fit it on right in order for it to work.In the DVD i received with the head halter it said to make the neck strap tight enough so that only ONE finger can fit underneath it . So i put the the halter on tightly behind her ears , and even then i could STILL fit two of my fingers . So i tightened it more , and more . . and STILL i could fit 2 fingers but i figured it was tight enough so i stopped tightening it . Then i took my dog out for a walk and a few minutes into it , her breathing started to be affected by the tightness of the halter around her neck . She was WEEZING and unable to take in a full breathe of air so i immediately removed it and her breathing went back to normal . REMEMBER at this point of tightness i could STILL fit TWO fingers underneath the halter and she is not a small dog , she is a great dane !!! FURTHERMORE ! the halter moves from the original place i put it on her neck due to the movements during the walk . THAT is something NOT address AT ALL in the instructional dvd . So , i was constantly repositioning the collar ! AND REMEMBER , this was at a level of tightness which inhibited my dogs BREATHING !! I will NEVER put the gentle leader on my dog the way the product makers say to.I DO NOT think it needs to be on SO ! tightly in order for the dog to be controlled by it . The next day , i put the halter on her , and this time i put it on her to where it was right behind her ears and able to only slide down less than half an inch from where i originally placed it.I was able to fit TWO fingers underneath the halter , even 3 ! This worked PERFECTLY , and i was still able to control her very well.The product makers instructions are basically telling owners to squeeze their dogs necks to a chocking point !! and THAT IS WRONG AND UNNECCESSARY . To an inexperienced owner like myself , i ended up chocking my dog !! FURTHERMORE !! , the DVD says your dog would let you know if it was uncomfortable . VERY VERY WRONG !! EXTREMELY WRONG !! i was able to walk my dog down half a block without even a single protest from her due to the uncomfortableness of the collar because i am her pack leader and if i say she is to do something she will do it like i say with true DOG LOYALTY AND TRUST !! With the way I fit it , she was NOT able to take it off , it was SECURE , and the product WORKED just like it was suppose to.Also , just to respond to what a dog trainer on this comments page previous said about being alpha . You admitted when a dog is in an unnatural situation -LRB- HUMAN HOMES -RRB- dominance behaviors are produced because they are forced to form unnatural packs -LRB- with humans and other animals -RRB- while living in captivity . So , establishing an alpha position over a dog is very important and undermining that concept to inexperienced dog owners is not right .
 My dog 's behavior became Very VERY POOR and she would misbehave with this Leader Headcollar . After we did away with it she changed back to her sweet self ; and every once in a while wanted to chase after LOUD cars when I was walking her on a leash .
 Did not fit my dog even though I purchased the recommended size . It is NOT dog friendly as stated .
 Long , long delay in shipping . Overpriced . Vet does not recommend . Discarded this piece of junk .
 Works great for my dog who likes to pull us down the sidewalk .
 In several places , the instructions warn you not to pull sharply or you risk injury to your dog 's neck . Well , even if I 'm super careful , my wild and crazy dog -LRB- which is why I needed this collar -RRB- may not be . I do n't want to use a lead that may injure my dog . Aside from that , the strap kept riding up into her eyes . It seems that your dog must have a blocky head -LRB- e.g. , Boxer -RRB- in order for that not to happen , but my dog does not . I returned the Gentle Leader , went web-surfing and found something made in Scotland called the Canny Collar . No risk of neck injury , no strap in the eyes and , yes , no pulling ! Do n't waste your time or money or your dog 's neck with the Gentle Leader .
 I wo n't rant and rave about the benefits and drawbacks of using a headcollar - each dog is different and responds differently to various training tools , and I 'm assuming that you 've found this product based off your own research and recommendations from trainers and friends.The hard part is deciding which headcollar type to use . In the past decade , I 've used several different headcollars , including the Halti , the Gentle Leader , the Petmate AKC Headcollar , and the Holt . In my opinion , the Holt is the sturdiest , most comfortable , and most flexible headcollar of the whole bunch , and is a worthy successor to my previous favorite , the Halti.The Company Of Animals Halti Head Halter Black Size Halti Head Halter Black Sz 0 Training & Behavioral AidsThe Halti was , previously , the best halter for a very simple reason
 I wanted to love this head collar , as my 80 # male German Shepherd is doing fine with his , but my 45 # female German Shepherd managed to break hers within two weeks of purchase . She was walking very nicely on it , but faced with wanting to make contact with barking neighbor dogs it finally failed . Luckily we were on our own street , and the dogs in question were behind a fence , but it was frightening all the same . Had we been on a busy street I could have lost my dog ! I would n't recommend this collar to anyone now .
 We tried to make these work for our 2 dogs , but they just never took . They were constantly trying to claw at them and never did what the video said . We were EXTREMELY careful to follow instructions , but never got the results we were looking for . Went to a SPRENGER pinch collar with is AWESOME for our more hard-headed dog , and to a choke chain for our other less hard-headed dog . They reacted much better to these and do n't treat these collars like a punishment which they treated the gentle leader as .
 I 've used the Gentle Leader for years on multiple dogs because nothing else has worked very well . I have never been delighted with the Gentle Leader , however . My latest dog caused me to switch to a prong collar , which is awesome . I will never go back to the GL again.My latest dog is a 75-pound rescue black and tan coonhound . He is a gorgeous high-energy dog , around 2 years old . As we are asking him to live as a pet and not a hunting dog , he needs to go on a lot of long walks . We generally walk five or six miles a day . We sometimes encounter deer , so it is vitally important that we can control our dogs -LRB- our other dog is another black and tan -RRB- . Anyway , my big boy has changed my mind about the GL . One afternoon on a walk , he was wearing a properly adjusted GL head collar -LRB- loose nose band , tight behind the ears -RRB- when we came upon a large buck . My dog went NUTS over the deer , and the GL helped not one bit . He wanted to run after the deer more than anything , and he ended up scraping his face on the street , struggling to get free of the collar . He did n't get the collar off , but it was also useless in getting control over him . He did n't care if he was bleeding freely , so he certainly did n't care if his nose was being pulled down.I asked for advice on collars from the rescue , and they told me that coonhounds need to be walked with prong collars . I ordered a prong for him , and voila ! Instant well-behaved dog . Of course , I did work with him and trained him to come to me when called so that I rarely need to use the prongs to control him . I must say that the prong collar has ended all pulling , whereas the GL did not . The GL kept him from pulling for maybe two days , and after that he learned to put up with the pressure on his nose and mostly ignore it . I walked him with the GL for more than a week before the deer episode , so he was definitely used to it by then . All of my dogs have been strong of both body and will , and all have learned to put up with the nose loop pressure in time . They all pulled when wearing the GL . The main reason I used the GL for years is that it 's not possible to slip it and it does cause them to pull LESS . All of my dogs have hated it , however . I have a female coonhound I walked on a GL for two years . I just switched her to a prong and she enjoys her walks so much more . She fought the GL collar a little bit every single walk , and like the rest , learned to ignore the pressure from the nose loop . I switched her to a martingale for a bit , but she learned to pull REALLY hard with that one . She pulls not at all with the prong collar.I think the Gentle Leader is probably best used on dogs without strong prey drives . It would probably work well with dogs that sleep on the couch all day and get one walk per week or something like that . I walk my dogs five or six miles a day , which gives them plenty of time to figure out how to defeat a collar . They are also very strong and very smart and totally crazy when they see wild animals . A dog that is basically easy to control would probably be fine on a Gentle Leader . One problem with the GL with a spazzing out dog is that the control comes from below . If your dog is flipping out , the collar does n't work anymore because you are standing above your dog . The design only works to stop a dog from pulling , not from leaping around sideways . It slides around the face and is irritating just makes them freak out even more . With a prong collar , you can slide it up behind the ears and you can control a very crazy , very strong dog because you are above your dog and that 's also where the source of the control is located . The sliding around issue with the Gentle Leader is also seems like it 's worse for jowly dogs.I used the extra large head collar instead of a smaller size is that I was hoping for a wider nose band . In the past , there was an extra extra large size with a wider nose band . I have n't found the extra extra large one anywhere , though , and the extra large has the same width nose band as the other sizes . There 's just more length with the larger sizes which can be shortened easily .
 I love most Premier products , and the easy walk harness is my best friend . However this is dangerous . You have to have it tight just for it to fit , the nose strap is very thin , and it comes off easily . On top of that it hurts . There 's nothing more disturbing than your dog yipping when on a walk . And I 'm talking a rough , brave dog , not one with anxiety who 's sensitive . I did some research and it turns out that the gentle leader can do long-term damage to your dog 's nasal nerves . My dog now has breathing difficulty . Beware
 We purchased this collar for our dog who is very dog reactive . It has n't helped with his out of control lunging , but that could just be our crazy dog . Here 's the reason for the mild review ... it 's only been about 4 or 5 months now , and it 's fraying so much that I know we 'll have to get another one very soon ! I would expect longer wear from the product . Disappointing .
 This was yet another of many attempts to get my medium-sized dog to stop pulling . He absolutely hated it and refused to go anywhere . It was like an episode of crocodile hunters - he was on the ground spinning and tangling in it to get it off . The part that goes over his muzzle was irritating his skin as well . I went with another no-pull leash -- the one with the hook on the chest and one strap goes under the front legs . That one works WONDERS if you can find it . This one is too difficult to get adjusted to .
 I have a 110 lb lab who is a strong puller . When I first tried the Gentle Leader on him , it took a while to get accustomed to . After the initial training period , it worked great for a few months . He has started pulling again in the recent months , bad enough to wear the fur on his nose off from the nylon . It does not seem to bother him in the least . However , we run at least 20 miles a week and it is causing unsightly scabbing . It is also riding up into his eye area since he is pulling so hard . I really do n't need this kind of resistance training ! I 'm trying a no-pull harness now , though I think he will be too strong for it .
 I have a 1 y/o husky . Putting the thing on him was a nightmare , he felt humiliated and scared and did everything to take it off , scratching it against every possible corner and scratching it off the nose with his own claws . Walking with it was a drama , every single day , for a week . Nothing worked , neither treats , nor kisses . In the end , he destroyed the whole thing when he got a chance.I think this collar works on puppies . Tricking an adult dog into it is close to impossible , especially a dominant one like mine .
 This collar hurt my dog more than it helped him . I tried it with the neck very tight & nose strap loose enough to go to the nose but not over . My puppy wheezed , the collar did n't stay up high behind his ears -LRB- with just 1 finger room -RRB- , and the nose strap kept sliding up to his eyes & cutting him under the eyes.So the trainer adjusted the collar to be looser & the nose strap to be tighter . So now there was no wheezing , but the tighter nose strap just made it cut him more sharply under the eyes and slide up over his eyes more easily which drives him crazy -LRB- understandably -RRB- . He now has bald spots under his eyes & is always rubbing them.My dog 's a lab puppy , normal sized , but the control this collar gives is n't worth harming my dog . Going to try the haltie -LRB- sp ? -RRB- collar or something else . So be warned - it does help keep your dog from pulling , but it might not be worth it .
 Yes , it looks nice . It 's all pleasant-colored nylon straps , and there 's no menacing-looking metal . While I 'm glad that the Gentle Leader appeals to humans , it 's no favor to dogs.Look at how it works - REALLY look . The premise is leverage and torque . I will give Premier that the Gentle Leader is genius in it 's design ; it allows even a small human to exert irresistible force on a dog , and allows the handler to forcibly wrangle the dog into the desired position . It works - but it 's not gentle . It 's one of the most -LRB- if not THE most -RRB- compulsory tools available on the market today . I 'm a not-particularly-strong , 5 ' 6 '' female , and yes , I could overpower a Great Dane with this.But I do n't want to overpower my dogs . I want to teach them things . For your consideration
 There are various types of head collar on the market today , all designed to do roughly the same thing . They discourage your dog from pulling by making pulling intensely uncomfortable , and they give you enough physical leverage to control your dog if he does decide to pull.What could be wrong with that ? Well firstly , dogs really do n't like head collars . I have never ever seen a dog happily wear a Gentle Leader on the first attempt - not suprising since the device applies pressure on the sensitive bridge of the nose . I have , however , seen many dogs cry , wail , claw their faces , and/or just shut down and miserably refuse when first introduced to a head collar . It is true that you can eventually teach most dogs to accept these devices -LRB- dogs are very tolerant animals -RRB- , but why not just invest that time into teaching your dog to walk politely on a leash in a regular collar?Secondly , this device only works while it is on the dog . In other words , it does n't actually teach the dog anything - if you take the halti off , the dog will start to pull again . Not exactly a long term solution - unless you want to keep your dog on a Gentle Leader for the rest of his life.So , if your dog pulls , what do you do ? I 'm personally a fan of the Koehler method for teaching loose leash walking , as outlined in `` The Koehler Method of Dog Training '' -LRB- note
 Completely unsatisfied with this product . The product did not work as advertise . It might work for some dogs but I have a Boston Terrier which have short snouts and the product does not work at all for this type dog . I would check and double check before buying this type product again .
 I 've used many `` training aides '' in my years of dog training ... this has got to be the worst of them all . It takes AGES for dogs to put up with having it on them , most will do anything to get it off ... no collar should be so uncomfortable for a dog to wear , especially when they 're going for walks - walks should be enjoyable and fun !! I have found it next to impossible to deliver a light correction . This hurts a dog in one of the most sensitive areas , and is no where near `` gentle '' . Also , no matter how loose I can make this and still have it fit correctly , a lot of dogs finish a walk foaming at the mouth and panting or making that weird `` clicking '' noise like they 've got a too-tight collar on.This collar is incredibly unsafe ... I have no clue how it ever got on shelves . I also have no clue how `` fur mommies '' would be okay with putting this on their dog and giving their dog a correction . It snaps the dog 's head to the side . How is that safe or gentle?The majority of dogs I have use this with become very fearful of it after a walk or two ... no matter how much praise or how many treats I stuff in their face . I do n't care how people feel about using just a flat collar , but from now on I will no longer be training any dogs with this torture tool . Even an ill-fitting prong collar is more gentle than this thing .
 I bought this because my dog pulls all the time and a trainer had suggested a nose type collar . My arm hurts all the time from her constant pulling and she has a few times almost made me fall . This collar would not fit her right with no amount of adjustment , it put pressure on her eyes . I do n't know if my german shorthair 's eyes are placed any differently than any other dog but the strap would not stay down on her nose at all . I do not want to do any damage to her so I returned the collar.Note -- I do not see how playing tug of war would make a dog walk on a leash properly . -LRB- a poster from above -RRB- I have tried using treats , voice commands , etc and nothing works to control her pulling .
 There are various types of head collar on the market today , all designed to do roughly the same thing . They discourage your dog from pulling by making pulling intensely uncomfortable , and they give you enough physical leverage to control your dog if he does decide to pull.What could be wrong with that ? Well firstly , dogs really do n't like head collars . I have never ever seen a dog happily wear a Gentle Leader on the first attempt - not suprising since the device applies pressure on the sensitive bridge of the nose . I have , however , seen many dogs cry , wail , claw their faces , and/or just shut down and miserably refuse when first introduced to a head collar . It is true that you can eventually teach most dogs to accept these devices -LRB- dogs are very tolerant animals -RRB- , but why not just invest that time into teaching your dog to walk politely on a leash in a regular collar?Secondly , this device only works while it is on the dog . In other words , it does n't actually teach the dog anything - if you take the halti off , the dog will start to pull again . Not exactly a long term solution - unless you want to keep your dog on a Gentle Leader for the rest of his life.So , if your dog pulls , what do you do ? I 'm personally a fan of the Koehler method for teaching loose leash walking , as outlined in `` The Koehler Method of Dog Training '' -LRB- note
 I found this a terribly cruel way to train a dog . Dog ca n't breathe when pulling on this harness . I would NEVER use it continually on any dog I owned . Use a regular harness and work with your dog instead of using a gimmick like this .
 It said in instructions that it can be left on but as soon as I left my 7 month old dog with it he chewed it right off . I had fitted it tightly but it has straps that just hang which he was able to reach . Needs redesigning.A call to customer service resulteed in a very curt reply from a woman who informed me that a dog could chew almost anything and offered a replacement for another $ 7.95 . Why would they tell you it can be left on permanently ?? I guess to get another $ 7.95 . NO THANKS !!
 I am surprised at the good reviews for this item . My Scottish Terrier had this thing off in a matter of seconds . It took us forever to get it on him and as soon as we went outside he laid on the lawn and wiggled it right off of his nose -LRB- and it 's not because he has a small snout -RRB- . It looked like he was being tortured so it went right back in the box , another waste of money .
 I had heard wonderful things about gentle leaders and the first time I used it on my little rescue dog it worked like a charm , at first . But somehow she was always able to either get out of it or loosen it by the time we got back home so I thought I had it on wrong -LRB- it 's true that it has to be much tighter and higher than you would expect -RRB- . I had it refit twice , by both the vet and her trainer at obedience school . I finally figured out that the initial fit was not the problem but it was that the adjustment buckle doesnt hold the nylon strap tight enough -- so that 's why she can loosen it while it 's on -LRB- I marked the right fit with a black pen so I could tell when it had slipped -RRB- . I only confirmed it was a problem specific to this purchase when I recently bought another one at REI and found that the nylon did not slip through the buckle nearly as easily . I actually think the nylon in the new one feels totally different . It 's hard to know whether the problem is the material -LRB- my vote -RRB- or the buckle but either way , this one is useless . SInce it took me so long to figure out what the problem was , now it 's too late for me to return this one -- hopefully people will read this and not experience the same hassles that I did ...
 You are probably reading reviews to decide whether or not a head collar can help your dog 's pulling . A head collar , along with training , may help - but I would not recommend this Gentle Leader head collar . + 2 stars for the collar 's ability to reduce a dog 's pulling in normal , calm , walking situations . - 3 stars : I deducted 3 stars because , if the dog decides it wants to go chase a squirrel or excitedly greet another dog , you have very little control and it can become a bad situation very fast . I experienced this last week while walking my friend 's dog with her Premier Pet Gentle Leader head collar . The dog was literally flipping around trying to get to another dog , and all I had was this thin head collar to keep her under control . Not fun.We 're lucky to have emerged from that excited situation without neck injuries for myself and especially for the poor dog . The risks posed by this collar 's lack of any additional leash-loop to connect to a back-up collar became frighteningly evident in that instance . You just have little control if the dog becomes even the least bit excited.Note
 Did not work for our dog . Lab puppy 5 months old . I am sure it works for other dogs as noted , but our dog , NO WAY . We later used a body harness . Worked much better and she walks just fine on this .
 Does not work for small dogs . My chihuahua puppy can sneak this thing over his snout every time . You 're better off getting a harness for something this small . You 'll just get frustrated with it .
 Everyone raved over this leader but I have not been able to get it adjusted to what the video says . Never used it because I ca n't get it on . I managed to get it on once and the dog pulled right out of it . I would not recommend this for a young dog but maybe an adult dog would do better
 I purchased this collar for a one-year-old lab mix . He is approx 70 lbs of puppy on the end of a leash , and I think he has aspirations to become a sled dog . He is part bulldog , and has a lot of muscle strength in his chest . He is easily able to walk us on a regular collar . The gentle leader collar made a huge difference with the pulling , and I have recommended this product to several friends . However , we have only had the dog for three months , and he just chewed through the nose band of his second gentle leader . Both times , the damage occurred literally in a matter of seconds . I had let him off the leash to assist one of the children , and by the time I turned around to reattach the leash , this collar was hanging in pieces . I really like this product , but I 'm very disappointed with the quality in construction .
 I have friends who swear by the Gentle Leader as the best dog item they have ever purchased . For us , however , this collar was an incredibly frustrating experience.First of all , our Labradoodle flat-out despised this thing . It was a 15-minute process to put on with him hanging his mouth open and wrestling his head around to avoid it . With a lot of patience I learned to overcome that issue . Because he hated it so much , we left it on him for extended periods to try to get him used to it -- but he never gave up trying to tear it off his face . While walking -- I could see that if he would calm down and stop trying to wrestle his head back and forth it would really help our walks out as he pulls like crazy.Unfortunately , he never gave up trying to get this thing off . Eventually he figured out how to use his tiny thumb claw to rip the top part off his face -LRB- and I had it very snug -RRB- and in seconds after his success -LRB- before I could do anything about it -RRB- he had chewed apart the cheap plastic adjuster -- finishing the collar off . Dog One -- Me Zero.If you have a laid-back docile dog this might work great -- but if you have a laid back docile dog he may not be a puller on walks in the first place . If they had made that clip out of metal rather than plastic I still would have given the item 4 stars just because it obviously works for some people . But to use plastic for that piece is just cheap .
 The nylon webbing chafed and completely wore through in e few months . My dog definitely pulls less with this lead.As a followup , I contacted the company to advise them that two of these wore completely and they never returned my message .
 I received the gentle leader in late April , and the plastic part of the product broke in less than three weeks !
 I wo n't rant and rave about the benefits and drawbacks of using a headcollar - each dog is different and responds differently to various training tools , and I 'm assuming that you 've found this product based off your own research and recommendations from trainers and friends.The hard part is deciding which headcollar type to use . In the past decade , I 've used several different headcollars , including the Halti , the Gentle Leader , the Petmate AKC Headcollar , and the Holt . In my opinion , the Holt is the sturdiest , most comfortable , and most flexible headcollar of the whole bunch , and is a worthy successor to my previous favorite , the Halti.The Company Of Animals Halti Head Halter Black Size Halti Head Halter Black Sz 0 Training & Behavioral AidsThe Halti was , previously , the best halter for a very simple reason
 I have two dogs , one a 50 lb . lab mix , the other a 35 lb . shepherd mix . Both of whom pull ; the shepherd mix pulls terribly . At first the collars worked great . I put it on , instantly no pulling . However , after a couple minutes the dogs would begin clawing at their faces , causing one to bleed within seconds in desperation to try to get it off . The lab mix would do ok , occasionally clawing but not hurting himself . If the collar would stay put exactly where it is supposed to be , it may be better . However , the collar will slide down the neck even at the recommended tightness . The buckle/tightening portion of the collar is not so good and after a minute or so of walking will begin to loosen , thus causing the repositioning of the collar and making it harmful to the dog . If making it tighter , the collar will press in on the bottoms of the eyes of the dog , causing obvious discomfort . Be prepared to return the item if you get it .
 The leader did not work with my strong nine month old puppies . Despite following the instructions carefully , they writhed at the end of the leash like a snake the entire walk , stopping only to scrub their nose against my leg or the ground . After numerous attempts , their leash behavior actually grew worse . I would not recommend this product .
 My newly acquired 50-lb dog consistently pulled just a little . She did not pull hard but I wanted her to leave some slack in the leash and decided to give the Gentle Leader a try.First , I found it VERY difficult to get the head collar on my long-haired dog so that it is tight enough . If it is not really tight , it twist around and , still worse , can slip off . The collar should have a way to attach it to the regular collar so that , if it comes off , the dog is not free to run off.After watching the DVD and trying the head collar in the house without problems , I tried it on a walk . The dog immediately crossed to my right side so that the leash wrapped around her neck , complicating the turning of her head . On the second walk , I kept her on my left side . She then tucked her chin to her chest -LRB- eliminating the leverage that turns the head around -RRB- , leaned to her left , and braced her neck and shoulders against any pressure.I kept stopping to release the pressure and hug her and calm her down , but she 'd launch herself against the leash right away . So there was almost constant pressure on her muzzle which is not helpful or desirable . We hurried back to the car.Using the Gentle Leader looked so simple ! Foolproof ! -LRB- As one of my professors used to say , `` But you do n't know the quality of our fools ! '' -RRB- But it did not work well with my dog.Oddly enough , she now walks quite well on the leash wearing a plain wide leather collar . I think she recognized and fought any effective restraint but now relaxes and cooperates without it .
 I had read a lot of good things about this head collar and what it can do to reduce pulling on walks , so I decided to get one for my 97 pound lab . He 's always been a terrific puller and we 've never really been able to control him with just a leash and normal collar.The head collar does n't work . My dog fights it horribly when he wears it , so much so that after a single walk the strap rubbed his mouth raw , and there was some bleeding . I stopped using it immediately . We 've decided to try the Easy Walk harness -LRB- also made by Premier -RRB- instead .
 We took in an 8 month old rescue dog . He is a Husky/Pit bull mix . Great dog but his chase drive is unbelievable . Probably because his previous owner allowed him to chase the cats around his house.he had absolutely no training before I got him and after our walks my arm would be sore from his constant pulling.After reading all the good reviews I purchased the `` Gentle '' leader.I watched the video and was very careful to adjust it properly.It worked great . On our first walk he walked right with me with very little pulling.After the walk I noticed a slight abrasion on his muzzle and figured I needed to adjust it further.After the second walk his muzzle was raw and bleeding.It did `` work well '' as I had complete control of him but the price he paid in fur and flesh was too high.I threw this piece of garbage away . I would not recommend this to ANYONE !!! If you love your dog do NOT buy the not so `` gentle '' leader .
 I have used this particular head collar on four different dogs with mixed results . Please note that all dogs were slowly and carefully desensitized to the Gentle Leader head collar , as directed by trainers and the training materials included with the head collar . - The first was a dog-reactive dog.The collar did discourage pulling under low stress conditions and made pulling less painful . It allowed for greater control of the dog . However , if the dog was not kept soundly distracted he would return to fussing over the nose strap . He became so frustrated by the collar that he would rub his face on the concrete , claw at the nose strap , and come away bleeding . I returned to desensitizing him to the collar , assuming I had not given him enough time to adjust . I found myself spending more time training him to accept the collar than working on modifying his unwanted behaviors . - The second dog was a fearful dog.The dog would completely shut down whenever he wore the collar away from his safe zone . We spent more time trying to desensitize him to wearing the collar outside of his safe zone . Because he would shut down and stop responding we could not get any results . - The third dog was a confident , social dog.This particular dog had pulled his whole life . To my knowledge , no one had attempted to discourage the pulling behavior . I noticed improvement as soon as we left the yard . It did n't just lessen the pulling , it stopped it . - The fourth was an untrained and social puppy.Not accustomed to rules or boundaries , the puppy was constantly testing the limits of the collar . If he was not properly engaged in training he would return to pawing at the nose strap , hindering training . Distraction caused by the nose strap was lessened by padding the nose strap with faux fur . He was doing fairly well on the collar and with training . One day , another puppy approached and he began that endearing puppy wiggle , wagging his tail so hard his whole body shook . Without warning , he lunged forward . Despite being on a short leash , he hit the end of the leash hard enough that the collar jerked his head sideways . He let out an ear-shattering yelp and acted subdued thereafter . For safety reasons , we discontinued the use of the head collar.Pros : - Gives greater control to the dog handler , regardless of the dog 's size and the handler 's strength . - Lessens or eliminates the pain and discomfort the handler experiences when dogs do pull . - Discourages pulling . - Can be used with either traditional punishment based training or progressive reward based training . - Will not choke the dog when used with nose strapCons : - Requires time for dogs to become accustomed to this training tool . - Requires careful adjustment of straps -- improper fit impedes training . - Can rub hair off and/or cause irritation if worn or fitted improperly . - Capable of injuring a dog that lunges or does `` zoomies '' while worn and leashed . - May cause fearful dogs to shut down and inhibit behavior change . - May exacerbate reactive or aggressive dogs ' unwanted behavior . - The nose strap may irritate the dog , requiring padding to be sewn on by owner . - The nose strap is not durable and can be easily destroyed by chewers . - Dogs CAN learn to ignore the head collar and pull anyway , meaning you will still need to teach the dog how to walk with you . - Short-muzzled dogs may find it easy to remove the nose strap . - Results vary.For successful training , I recommend developing mutual respect and trust with your dog . With mutual respect and trust there is n't anything you ca n't accomplish with your dog.If I can teach my dog to walk nicely with me , ANYONE can . Do n't give up !
 Our 7 month McMab -LRB- worker breed -RRB- is not a bad walker , nor does she pull with too much force . However , she goes crazy when she sees other dogs that are walking near us . We thought the Gentle leader would help with her high and uncontrollable energy . Although it does give us control in these situations , the poor design outweighs this . The first time we used this on her , I thought , wow . . This is a magical collar ! She did paw at it quite a bit , but I figured she would eventually stop after a few days or weeks as advertised . Weeks later , and a few dozen tightness adjustments , she is not only pawing at it , but I started to notice some chaffing on her muzzle . The DVD says , `` If you think it 's too tight , its probably just right . '' No matter how tight I made it , the head collar would rotate , which would cause the nose strap to rub against her muzzle , causing it to irritate . The DVD also said to make it tight enough so that it wo n't rotate , but the tighter I made it , I noticed her breathing sounded funny . I also made sure that it rested above her adams apple and it still affected her breathing . I then tried to loosen the nose strap more . This just resulted in the strap covering her eyes during her walk . We must have tried adjusting this thing about 30 times and still could n't get the thing to stop rotating and irritating her muzzle . The nose strap is supposed to be somewhat loose , but becomes uncomfortably tight when the main collar rotates . We finally concluded that the design was not meant for this particular dog.After doing some more research , I found Comfort Trainer Head Halter . After reading about it , I decided to order one . I just received it in the mail today and man , what a difference ! Now , I know I just got it , but there are no precise adjustments to be made and no rotating . It took just a few minutes to adjust and fit . It is also made with a softer material . You will pay extra for this , but the quality and design is much better.The Good
 Our little dog recently became quite excited toward other animals after losing her lifelong companion . She was a stray and was always reactive , but walks became embarrassing as her manners disappeared around other dogs , she began pulling , barking , growling , you name it . We 've been taking her to be around other dogs off leash and she gets along with them overall . I endured the embarrassing barking as a sign of grief and for most dogs she greeted it went well , but occasionally she would show aggression . We needed a little help retraining her and the local pet store employee highly recommended the Gentle Leader.I will admit that for the pulling , it worked . Our senior dog did well when there were no distractions . She would try to pull and it turned her head forcing her to stop . After a few moments , she began walking by our side . Also , she took right to the leader . Unlike the other reviews , she did n't really balk at the halter . She did try to remove the strap right after putting it on but after she realized she could n't , she ignored it overall.However , two things I did n't link was the fact she could bark , but it sounded like she had a sore throat . If I loosened the top strap , she did n't have that raspy voice , but it was an `` L '' shape and not the `` V '' they say you need . If we loosened the snout loop , she could remove it , so we went with the V and hoped for the best . She could still eat , drink , pant and bark somewhat , so we figured it was normal as there was absolutely no information to be found about this issue . I did n't like this at all and wanted to return it but my husband encouraged me to give it a chance since there are good reviews on this product.The other issue was best said on another review I read
 The vet suggested this leash because the normal leash was making her cough worse . The gentle leader definitely made my hyper 30lb dog easier to slow down , but it did n't stop her from constantly pulling constantly after seeing a squirrel , dog , human , leaf , etc. . She pulled so much that it fur under her eyes was rubbed/torn off . I will still be using this collar occasionally , but I am switching to a harness for normal everyday walks.UPDATE
 Item is as described , but did not have my dog 's name , or any name , on it as was promised .
 I was looking forward to this treat . I was disappointed when I got it because it had sunflower seeds . Sunflower seeds are bad for guinea pigs ! Nowhere in the description did it say that it had sunflower seeds.So I did end up giving the treat to my guinea pigs but only after I had taken out the sunflower seeds myself . -LRB- pretty hard since there were some inside the treat not just on the outside -RRB- One of my guinea pigs loved it and chewed it all but the other one did n't even want to touch it.I would n't recommend it because you have to take out the sunflower seeds out . You could leave them in but then there is a chance your guinea pig might choke on the hulls . : -LRB-
 It says `` all natural spray '' but it contains DMDM.DMDM HYDANTOIN is an an antimicrobial formaldehyde releaser preservative.Formaldehyde is a carcinogenic impurity released by a number of cosmetic preservatives , including DMDM hydantoin.There is strong evidence that DMDM is a skin toxicant or allergen . -LRB- Source
 I tried the shampoo and spritzer , neither have a long lasting perfume . On my Lasa Apso the scent lasted about 2 days , my Pug well I do n't think it worked at all . I gave it a chance three times , I do n't believe it ever made a difference for odor . As far as a pest repellent , I doubt that it works . I 'll stick with what I have alway used . I finally threw the product away , it was n't worth keeping .
 I had fed this food to my cat for three years . No treats only this food and he loved it . In May kibble changed and so did formula and he did not want to eat it . Called company and they said only shape changed . Within three weeks of feeding this food he developed crystals in his urine , was at the vet for 5 days , tried another special vet food but he never recovered and we had to euthanize him in July
 Too much of a good thing ? We worked this kibble in over time , slowly shifting the percentage of Felidae to national junk-food brand until the bowl was all natural . By this time , the cats could n't keep it in or down . What a mess . We 've moved on .
 As with canidae , Felidae has also changed their formula . Cats do not like change when it comes to their food . And they just had to change it without putting it on their label . We noticed the color of the food had changed and so did the smell . -LRB- As you will notice I have also reviewd the Canidae , and this all happened the same time the dogs were having issues . -RRB- Prior to the change in food we had almost lost two of our cats because we had moved to a new home . If cats get `` upset '' because of a change in enviorment , or a loud noise they can stop eating . It depends on the cat . Two of them had stopped eating and had lost a lot of weight . We took them to the vet and it took months to get them back to normal . It has been a year since then and they are better . Then the formula for this food changed.We started to noitce they were not eating as much and it started to bug us . We asked the shop owner of the feed store and she had no knowledge of any change to the food . It was n't until the we were in there with other customers yelling about their dogs food making their dogs sick . Right away we changed the cats food and they started chowing down and have n't suffered one bit like our dogs have.Cats are sensitve animals and changes to thier food could cause them to stop eating . Anyone thinking of purchasing this food should not do it ! We have 5 rescued and fixed cats , none of which are picky eaters and the change in this formula could have been the death of them had we not found out about the change in their formula.I urge anyone that has had these problems to go to the consumer affairs website and also the FDA website and write a letter to them to let them know how this has affected your animal . As with canidae they do not care how the change has affected my animals , and tell me not to buy it . This is just horrible !
 Got this to repair our broken bird table bracket . First off , the insert was too small for our 1.25 '' pole so I wrapped it with many layers of electrical tape until I made it stout enough to fit . Jammed it in and it worked for a year until last night when it simply broke off . The weld points are pretty small . It would be better as a one-piece or if it had a solid weld .
 Very thin , do not absorb urine . Urine just runs off on floor . A newspaper would work better .
 These pads are not worth it as one needs two rather than one to keep the floors from getting wet . Even then , it is not guaranteed . The are terrible quality , much unlike their competition sold by other companies . Even the discount brands sold by others are better than these . Do n't waste your money .
 I was a little disappointed to find that the padding within each pad did not cover the entire plastic on the potty pad . A little frusterating , when your dog is anticipating on going on an absorbant portion of the pad.For $ 20 , you really ca n't beat 100 potty pads . But then again , I guess you get what you pay for .
 If you have kitty litter tracking problems , you may feel like I do that any solution that actually works is worth its weight in gold . For that reason , and that reason only , i 'm keeping my kitty privy . We have a two-bedroom condo with nowhere to put the litterbox except out in the open , no spare closet or utility room , so having an enclosed box and litter control are extremely important to us . I 'm grateful this functions as well as it does.I 've had this product for a week now and my rather large , overweight cat is actually adjusting to it and using it , and it does work.Worth its weight in gold not withstanding , i want to say i 've been frustrated and disappointed with this product . For 230 dollars , i 'd like to have gotten something with a solid feel and well-turned parts.First , the product arrived with an incomplete kit -LRB- missing screws - it 's a good thing i had some of my own that fit -RRB- . The laminate looked like it came straight off the lathe without the least bit of finishing - plastic fringes still hanging off the cuts . The instructions were generalized and tried to cover too many details with too few words . I 'm usually pretty good at putting things together and do n't need everything spelled out , wwhich is the ONLY reason why i eventually did get this together . If you are n't handy , I recommend you get an experienced friend to help.None of the parts were numbered or labeled to link them to the directions , and the directions themselves were incredibly spare or detail or diagrams , and crammed onto one double-sided letter-sized sheet of paper.Finally , the parts fit together only with a certain amount of physical `` persuasion '' and the overall finished product is not nearly as solid or steady as i 'd like . The removeable doors just fall off with the least encouragement if I try to shift the unit . The upper and lower front `` doors '' are both black , as opposed to one black and one white as shown in the picture.I think this product 's constructions provides the bare minimum required to function as promised , and shows zero attention to quality or pride of production.I called the 800 number included with the order to get help while constructing it and it rang about 15 times before I hung up.PROS
 The replacement pH probe that I purchased does work and did callibrate properly . However , I did have a couple concerns ... Firstly , this vendor appears to be -LRB- perhaps -RRB- selling this probe outside of it 's OEM packaging , judging from the fact this delicate probe was simply sitting loose in a largish , white box with no packing , paperwork , or documention inside and very little in the way of stickers or documentation on the outside of the box . The way this probe was packaged , I am surprised it survived shipment undamaged ... a little packing material inside the inner box -LRB- product , not the shipping box -RRB- would have gone a long way.Secondly , this is a very limited shelf-life product according to the manufacturer 's manual . However , nowhere on the probe I received , it 's box , or the limited documentation that came with the probe , is a manufacture date included , and the one I was sent had signs that it may have been sitting in a warehouse for quite some time . Most notably all the storage solution that protects and preserves the delicate `` bulb '' on the bottom of the probe had evaporated and/or leaked out of the cap , leaving nothing but a caked-on salty residue on the bulb . Since none of the residue was in the box that the probe was packaged in , perhaps it had just evaporated out slowly , or it may explain why the probe appeared to be repackagedWhen I purchase a replacement probe again , it will likely not be from this vendor . The product itself is sound and of good quality .
 Well the item arrived broken , but I did not see any evidene of damage to the shipping container itself . I contacted the company and they were far less than helpful . Essentially they told me they do not cover shipping damage and tough beans . So I contacted amazon and their A to Z guarantee did exactly what thet say it will do for you . Amazon was great - I ca n't say the same for Zoo Med . I would think twice before getting anything from these folks .
 My cats have been happily eating Felidae Platinum for more than two years . I just got a new bag and the shape of the food is different . They tried the new food when I first put it in their bowls and now the bowls sit full and the kitties will not touch the food . I 've noticed similar reviews related to formula changes in the past . Unfortunately , I now need to find a new food that my cats will eat .
 This not works on any of my two dogs.I have a # 1 Chihuahua and a new-born Fox-Terrier . I use on them and next day i have to teake the thicks by myself . I lost my money .
 THESE PRODUCTS KILL !!!! DO NOT USE !!!!! This made my dog sick and countless others . I am so lucky he is still alive . -LSB- ... -RSB- - get to know the victims and how awful this product really is . -LSB- ... -RSB- Sign this petition to help get this product off our shelves .
 I applied the recommended dose of Hartz to my yorkie , Rambo . About a day later , he starts vomiting and gets drowsy alot . I was going to go ahead and probably get another flea and tick product for Rambo . Plus , it does n't work . Buyer Beware . Do n't waste your money !!!
 Please do n't use this product on your dog . It caused liver and kidney failure with my dog . She was one of the lucky ones and pulled through , but after doing research , I 've learned that this is n't out of the norm for this product and so many people have lost their pet . If you do choose to use this product , please DO NOT follow the instructions on the package and apply from their shoulders to the tip of their tail . ONLY apply it at their shoulder blades . Please learn from my mistake and do n't put your pup through this .
 Please please please do not use Hartz brand on your pets . It has killed thousands of cats and dogs because of the harmful chemicals -LRB- pyrethrins -RRB- found in the products . If you would like some proof , go to hartzvictims.org or hartzkills.org .
 i wouldnt even give it one star except i have to to review it ! not only does this product not work , as soon as i put it on my 6 month old puppy , it made him very sick , he ended up unable to walk and couldnt even pick himself up off the bed in the morning ... it almost killed my dog my vet told me ... scrub it off with dawn dishwashing detergent and get down on their skin to get every last bit off ... my vet told me the horror about hartz flea and tick products as well ... its supposedly common knowledge that it kills cats , but dogs is less known ... dont put this on your pets !!! apparently hartz knows of this and still has a horrible shameful person as a vet who condones putting pure pesticides that havent even been able to be used as pesticides for years ! shame on them ! also i put advantix on my dog a week ago after the winter and he has been perfectly fine ... id recommend this , as would veterinarians
 Is it possible to give NO stars on this review ?!? in the 2 and a half years I 've had my female pug , she just started getting fleas a few months ago . Being on a tight budget , I bought this product in hopes to end her suffering . 2 months later and $ $ down the drain , this product did NOT work . The fleas would simmer down for a couple days , but I think it was because of the bath I gave her hours before applying the product . After reading reviews online , I am astonished to see everything online about poisoning in animals from Hartz products . I am ashamed I did not research this beforehand , and potentially subjected my baby to something like this . I am very thankful she did n't have a negative reaction , but I know others are n't as lucky . Be sure to check out HartzVictims . orgPlease research product information before applying this on your pet . Saving a few bucks is not worth killing a member of your family !
 Prior to applying the product we decided to give our dog the best shot for being without fleas . We bathed him , got a flea collar , and then applied the Hartz product . For a few days after application we saw a reduction in fleas . Then around four days later we started seeing one or two fleas . Assuming they had jumped on from outside and would be killed by the Hartz we shrugged it off . However , after a few more days the number of fleas was going back up . We continued to use the Hartz for another month before finally giving up.The product does not last nearly as long as it states . I am beginning to wonder if the bath prior to the first application had more benefit than the Hartz.We are now using Frontline and are seeing great results .
 I used the ONE MADE FOR CATS on my cats last year and they both had a severe poisonous reaction to it ! The larger cat seemed to come out of it okay after a couple hours , but the smaller one had to go to the emergency clinic , where the vet basically reprimanded me for being so stupid as to use a Hartz product !!! I was shocked that they 're allowed to sell this stuff ! The vet said he sees this all the time , most times it 's FATAL ...
 PLEASE DO N'T EVER USE HARTZ BRAND ON YOUR PETS !!! It has killed thousands of cats and dogs because of the harmful chemicals found in their products . If you would like some proof , go to hartzvictims.org or hartzkills.org.I have also had a horrible , personal experience with Hartz . My poor kitty almost died from these stupid flea drops . :-LRB- He was reallysick , convusling , would n't eat , could n't pee and had sores all over his body . I beg you - Please dont use Hartz . Please do your research . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Wish I could give this ZERO stars!Avoid at all costs . It did n't make my dog sick , but IT DOES N'T WORK . Use a flea comb every day , that works better than this garbage . Save your money and get Frontline or Advantage .
 This is such a dangerous product ! My small dog has always been so full of life and energy . After putting this product on a few days ago she has barely moved and worse yet suffered a seizure ! Crazy . If you love your pet stay far away from Hartz products .
 My mother 's dog has trouble with fleas as she lives in a heavy tourist area with dogs coming in from all over the country . She bought this as an inexpensive way to control the fleas but the reaction her poor dog had was extreme ; she had to be hospitalized and extensively treated . This `` inexpensive '' treatment not only almost cost her the dog 's life but she has many vet bills as well . Please do not risk your dog 's health -- there is no way of telling if it will react until you apply the medication !!
 My dogs have been using Frontline for the last couple of years but I decided to give Hartz a try since it had been recommended to me . I applied the appropriate dosage to my Pomeranian mix -LRB- 20lbs -RRB- , who immediately after began exhibiting odd behavior including vomiting , and rolling her eyes back . I called up the emergency vet who told me the horrors of Hartz flea treatments . I immediately gave my dog a bath , to get the chemicals off her and drove her to the vet . Unfortunately this product can be lethal , luckily my dog recovered just fine , but not all pets are so lucky . I ca n't recomendmd this product .
 I tried this product first as it was cheaper than Frontline.I was very disappointed as it left my poor pets constantly scratching.It does n't do what it claims , and I 'd never use it again.Sorry
 This product absolutely does not work . I put it on my dogs and it did not make one bit of difference with their flea problem . It is worth it to spend the extra money on Advantage , that one actually works , and works well I might add .
 I used the spray , and just got back from the Veterinary Hospital where I had to leave my Jack Russell Terrier . She had a bad reaction andis being treated . She vomited this afternoon , several times . After reading some of these comments I decided to take her in . She was in shock . HOpefully she 'll survive.I 'll never use a Hartz product again .
 I have this review under another listing for this product , ca n't believe it is still being sold!Amazon !! Please allow users zero or negative ratings on products !! ___________________________________________________________________________ Never !! Please , never ever use this product!We have two beautiful healthy young dogs -LRB- 4-5 yrs -RRB- , with a pristine health record -LRB- until hartz of course -RRB- . They get premium food - Timberwolf Organics , Acana , Origen , Blue -LRB- I mention this because poor diet is often associated with illness in your pawsy companions -RRB- . We had new neighbors with dogs move in a few weeks ago and my little one had started itching a bit . I was going to order frontline from petmeds and instead picked this up in a split second decision while walking out from Wallys . My logic being , `` hey if it does n't work , I can still order the Frontline '' . Plus it was priced at only $ -LSB- ... -RSB- On Saturday evening , I showered the girls and applied this on my itchy one . The next day my dog started showing signs of minor epileptic shocks - yelping in her sleep ... yes I do know about dog dreaming , but these dreams , if they were that , were , with shock , pain and disorientation . Since it was Sunday , our regular vet was unavailable . We had no idea how serious this was about to become ! That night , convinced that she was having a series of bad dreams we made sure she slept close to us on the bed . The episodes continued that whole night , a couple of hours apart.Next morning I noticed some swelling on her snout and one of her eyes . There was also a red spot on her belly . By that time we had read other peoples reviews on this product and were shocked that this poison is still put out for unsuspecting consumers !! Alarmed we called the local emergency care and described her symptoms . They urged us to rush her there . By the time we reached the hospital , my baby had gone into an anaphylactic shock . She had petechiae all over her abdomen and she was swollen all over!She was hospitalized after she was stabilized with steroids , antihistamine and antibioticts . Our woes did not end there though . I can go into more details , but I feel it suffices to tell you all that after about four thousand dollars and a homeopathic detox program , we were finally able to get her close to normal . After about a month and a half today , she still takes some herbs and supplements to support and balance her messed up immune system.Just ONE tube of the three doses !! The amount of anguish and death related to this product far outweighs the justification of dogs who might be ` flea free ' . In the course of that week we must have met at least half a dozen vets who just shook their heads when I mentioned the Hartz product !! It has killed hundreds of cats apparently and is more fatal to their littler bodies -LRB- my dogs are about 65lbs each -RRB- . There is a whole chronology of harm on -LSB- ... -RSB- Please do not , do not buy this poison !!
 Please do not poison your dog or cat with Hartz flea medicine . My cat almost died . It was horrible . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 My dog and probably cat were attacked by hartz products . I have given my dog the 3in1 probably 6 times in her life time . This last time was August of 2007 . 24 hours later she was having seizures and I had to take her into the emergency hospital . She was stabilized but it took a month to get her back into some semblance of health . Go to Hartzvictims.org and read all about unsuspecting families inadvertently poisoning their beloved pets . DO N'T BUY ANYTHING -LSB- ... -RSB- you 'll always be sorry .
 as a petcare professional , i strongly urge no one to buy any type of OTC -LRB- over the counter -RRB- version of flea & tick control . as stated in the first review , it can kill or make your pet seriously ill . my Russian Blue almost died a few years ago when i stupidly tried to save money & i KNEW better ! 300 bucks later & a few bags of IV fluids , my Jake started to recover but he may have residual kidney damage.IS YOUR PET 'S LIFE WORTH SAVING A FEW BUCKS ?? not mine.even if its worked well in the past , w / new formulas & products , you are putting your pets ' life in danger w / every product such as this you put on them . besides , they do n't work as well , last as long or kill a variety of stages like the rx . so you really are n't saving money in the long run.hope this helps.pwps ... at least Hartz pd my vet bill !
 As an acting ER veterinarian , we see a number of small dogs and cats that have had adverse reactions to these products . The price difference between this product and safe more effective products is no where near what it would need to be to use . Trust me , go with a vet approved , vet supplied product . Even the OTC products like Frontline blow this stuff out of the water . My 2 cents . I try write these reviews when the ER is slow , visit the website for blogs on other topics.Dr Tripp Stewartwww.greenbrier-emergency . com
 I am shocked that Amazon sells this product . I put the proper dosage on my 60 lb pitbull and she immediately began exhibiting odd behavior - not moving , not responding , not eating . We have never seen her act this way in the entire 21/2 years she has been alive . We looked online and found countless horror stories about this product , and then we called our vet who said to wash it off immediately . It was terrifying . It is unbelievable that companies will sell such an unsafe product , which has killed dogs and will likely continue to do so in the future .
 Hartz products have a long history of causing lethal reactions in pets . Unfortunately a friend of mine used this product with very bad results . The two pets did not make it through the night.Please be sure to google ` Hartz Kills ' to see the information on class action lawsuits and numerous websites with further information.These products , drop on the neck , flea collars by Hartz , etc all have the same ingredients . So even if you do n't use this particular product the results might be the same . So for this reason I would caution against using any of Hartz 's flea and tick products .
 i used all 3 doses and no results so i went and purchased the expensive stuff and voila no more flees .
 This did not do the job , in comparison to Frontline , what ive used in the past which last a full 30 days , after one week I had to put more drops on the dogs it last for about a week
 i applied this to my dogs thinking i 'd see how well it worked . They were flea-free at the beginning of the month but picked up fleas while on Hartz . I immediately switched them back to pet armour -LRB- the frontline knock-off -RRB- and it cured the flea problem in 24 hours .
 I work in animal rescue , and have seen way too many emergencies from Hartz products being applied to dogs and cats , from night-long pacing to seizures and death.Do not apply this stuff to your animal . none of the products . I am sitting tonight again holding someone 's hand through the seizures of their beloved dog , a day after applying Hartz . It 's gut wrenching .
 Hartz product sent my pet into seizures . It was the only change I 'd made in his life and within 10 hours of using the product he was seizing . I rushed him to the vet , with the Hartz packaging and the vet confirmed the Hartz caused it . $ 700 and two days later , my pet was out of danger . No Hartz product is worth the risk . FYI , the vet also told me he saw several dogs per week with Hartz caused problems . Really , find other product .
 If only I had seen these reviews prior to making this purchase . This product did not kill my dog 's fleas and nearly killed my cat who consumed it from the dog . The word `` terrible '' is cringing for having to be associated with this product .
 Hartz products will HARM OR KILL your pet.THE EVIDENCE OF HARTZ POISONING ANIMALS IS OVERWHELMING . -LSB- ... -RSB- -------------------------------------------------------------------- EDITED
 I am so angry ! I used it on my 5 year old dog today , and he died ! Hartz does n't want to help dogs , they want to kill them !
 DO YOURSELF A FAVOR , and check this website before you think about using this product on your pet :[ ... -RSB- This company has been peddling this garbage as a worthy substitute to actual , helpful flea medications , and prolonged use will likely result in the death of your furry friend because of harmful pesticides . I used this on my dog , and within the first hour he had it on , he began vomiting and limping , and would n't eat . I had to shave him , bathe him three times , and spend lots of money at the vet to make him better , and that 's only because we got lucky and caught it before he was too far gone . If you care at all , you 'll just spend a few extra bucks and buy something from your vet that wo n't result in the premature death of a pet you care a lot about .
 After applying this to my little shih tzu , he became very sick , agitated , and aggressive . He seemed to be unable to breathe properly and acted as if he were hallucinating . I googled the product and found HUNDREDS of reports of Hartz products killing and injuring dogs . They have been reprimanded by the EPA and contain harmful poisons . Yes , most flea and tick meds are literally pesticides , but other brands are much , much safer for your pet . I am outraged Hartz products are sold anywhere ! For the safety of your beloved pet , google this before you purchase and apply this to any living creature . If you have applied it already , bathe the dog immediately with a powerful dish soap and contact your vet if it exhibits alarming symptoms .
 I used this on my 12 week Great Dane puppy not thinking it would be harmful . She started sneezing a lot and had runny eyes . I thought she was allergic to the smell of it . Then she got extremely lethargic and would n't respond to anything , eat , drink or even move . I looked up the Hertz product and was astonished to read the amounts of death and poisoning from this product . I am absolutely sick that I used it on my dog . I called the vet who told me to immediately bathe her with Dawn dish soap and try to scrub it off her skin . She is still extremely ill and if not better by tomorrow I am supposed to take her in . I am heart broken I did this to my dog and devastated . If something happened to her I do n't know what I would do . DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT !!!!!! IT IS POISON !!!!!!!!!! The vet explained it is a non regulated pesticide that goes directly into the blood stream , which in turn poisons them . Frontline and Advantage vet approved flea and tick work through the sweat glands and is not harmful to them . PLEASE STOP buying any Hertz products . Read the blog Hertz kills !
 In 2005 , the EPA canceled permission to use phenothrin in several flea and tick products , at the request of the manufacturer , Hartz Mountain Industries . -LSB- 1 -RSB- -LSB- 2 -RSB- The products were linked to a range of adverse reactions , including hair loss , salivation , tremors , and numerous deaths in cats and kittens . In the short term , the agreement called for new warning labels on the products.As of March 31 , 2006 , the sale and distribution of Hartz 's phenothrin-containing flea and tick products for cats has been terminated . However , EPA 's product cancellation order did not apply to Hartz flea and tick products for dogs , and Hartz continues to use phenothrin in a concentration of 85.7 % in many of its flea and tick products for dogs . -LSB- 3 -RSB- I bought this as a quick solution , and thank heavens I read reviews before applying to my beautiful Yorkie . < 3
 I used this product exactly as indicated on my dog , an 11 pound dachund , and it did nothing to remove the fleas . I was sure to spread his fur apart on his back so that the product would get on his skin . I made sure that he did not get wet or anything for a couple of days . Two weeks later , he had more fleas than he did before I gave him the product . I gave my other dog Advantage and her fleas are gone . The only reason I tried the Hartz on my smaller dog was to save money . I wish I had read these reviews first .
 Like many people these days , I am always happy when I find a `` good value '' . Well , please do n't try to save money with this product ... My darling dog had some strange side efects-stiff legs , limping , whimpering , crying for 2 days after using it . Thank God he got better , but it really scared me . Yes , I used the appropriate dosage for his weight . I feel so bad for trying to save a buck . The rest of this stuff is going in the trash !!! Cut corners somewhere else !!!! Do n't risk your friend 's health !
 I recently discovered that my poor doggies were infested with fleas ! My bf and I decided to bathe them -LRB- cause I noticed that they were scratching more and that they smelled -RRB- and we killed about twenty five fleas -LRB- using Hartz flea and tick shampoo -RRB- off my 8 pound Chihuahua and at least fifteen off my sixteen pound Italian Greyhound . I came to my apt last night and saw a few fleas that were lying around -LRB- I was extremely upset ! -RRB- , so I went to Ralphs and was so excited to see that there is an OTC flea medication for dogs -LRB- Hartz -RRB- . I bought the ones for my dogs and applied them last night -LRB- about 27 hours ago -RRB- . I also got flea spray and powder to kill those little buggers that decided that they would later bite my dogs . I am still seeing fleas on my dogs!I usually use Advantage , but , even if I ordered them last night , I would still have to wait for them to arrive . I wish I would have waited ! I do n't know if maybe it just takes a lot longer for Hartz to start working -LRB- unlike advantage , I check the next day , and I can not find any fleas because it starts killing them within the hour that you put it on ! -RRB- and I just am impatient -LRB- I really want them to die -RRB- , but I expected more from Hartz . Although , they cost about ten dollars for three months of applications , I now feel like I have to wait almost a month to put the good stuff on!I was reading up on these stupid fleas and one flea can bite upto 400 times a day ! That means that a dog having 10 fleas can be bitten 4000 times in a day ! Imagine the 25 that were on my poor dog -LRB- 10,000 -RRB- ! On average , a flea 's lifespan is two to three months . However , pre-emerged fleas -LRB- not living on a pet -RRB- can survive undisturbed and without a blood meal for more than 100 days.The female flea can lay 2,000 eggs in her lifetime . That means that if all 53 million dogs in the United States each hosted a population of 60 fleas , the U.S. would house more than six trillion flea eggs . Laid end-to-end , those eggs would stretch around the world more than 76 times ! It 's important to kill fleas before they get a chance to lay eggs . The female flea consumes 15 times her own body weight in blood daily . The largest recorded flea is the North American Hystrichopsylla schefferi . Found in beavers , it can measure 12mm in length - almost 1/2-inch ! Just a little bit of info : -RRB-
 We recently got a puppy and like so many people we decided to try this because it was so much cheaper than the `` good '' brands . Thankfully a family member works at a vet 's office and quickly warned us of the danger to pets , so we stopped using it after one treatment . Do a simple online search of `` Hartz kills pets '' and you will find many horror stories of people 's cats and dogs being severely injured or killed because of this product . Do n't take the risk - spend the extra money and get a reputable brand .
 I purchased this 3 pack at local store in April for regular price in WI where we did n't have a cold enough winter this year to kill some of these parasites . I applied first dose after removing 2 small deer ticks fro inside of ears . The package came with 3 doses and I continuously was removing ticks through the constant treatments . Many of them completely engorged dog ticks . I called the customer service number only to be told that the product was not a preventative to ticks and that I should be using flea/tick shampoo in conjuction . Ridiculous !! You buy these for your pet so you do n't find yourself having to apply 6 different things . I did stupidly finish the treatments thinking it was just coincidental , only to be removing at least one tick on the chin per week . Company does have MONEY BACK GUARANTY for those of you who do n't know . Also another important tidbit of information is that most flea/tick medications work by having the flea bite which allows the pesticide to enter parasite and kill it . If flea / tick season is bad where you reside and you 'd like to avoid the bites all together , the only product that claims to be a preventative product is the K9 Advantix . Hartz - you 've been around for years and should n't suck this much !!!
 Does not work at all !! Do n't waste your money on this.I used 2 applications in a 2 week time frame and it still did n't work . Spend a little more money and get something better .
 Hartz flea and tick drops have been reported to BURN pets skin , cause seizers , vomiting , and sometimes death.Dont believe me , google it ... there are tons of web sites and pictures of pets with hairless burns down their back from using this product.If you love your pet , dont go cheap !!! Get a vet recommended product . -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I bought this product because I noticed a few fleas on one of my dogs . They were not scratching or biting . They have never had fleas and I have always used HALO herbal dip . I ran out and could not get it at the local store , so I just got his instead . After a few hours of applying this stuff , they began to bite and scratch . They were biting and scratching the entire night , and for the last several days . I am about to give my dogs a bath to wash the stuff off , and I got some more herbal dip . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ! Buy some herbal did that is twice the price , but I used my bottle for a good 8 months between two dogs before it ran out .
 This product does not work at all !!!! There are always live ticks found on our dog . They are found on the belly side but also in the line of medication on his back - WASTE OF MONEY !!!!
 about 3 days after using the hartz flea and tick drops on my 2 dogs they began throwing up and lost their appetite . I began examning several possibilities and after reading reviews of the product online , i now know exactly what it was . So buyer be ware . If you have any doubts then just google problems with Hartz products or go to hartzvictims.org and read about all these other people loosing their cats and dogs due to hartz products .
 I am horrified after reading some of these reviews . What did I put on my dogs ?! One of my dogs -LRB- A 25-lb Cav King Charles -RRB- does n't seem to mind the stuff , but it makes his normally beautiful , shiny , silky coat a gross oily mess . My other dog , a 12-lb Yorkie Bichon , goes crazy after we apply it . She runs around like a maniac trying to itch her poor back . I started researching and found all of these awful reviews ... I 'm going to shell out the extra bucks for oral pills from my vet . This is ridiculous , and I ca n't believe they 're allowed to sell this stuff -LRB- after reading other reviews -RRB- . -- I should note that we 've never had flea or tick problems , before or after using this product .
 I suppose this stuff is cheap enough for anyone to try once and it is easily found at most stores . I have two indoor dogs with no yard -LRB- townhouse -RRB- that do take daily walks and spend time at a dog park . I used this product after I noticed a few fleas on my lighter dog . It was cheaper than other products and I was at the pet store to get some flea shampoo so I decided to try it out since the vet was closed at the time . I used a dose on each dog and it has been about two weeks and they are still scratching all the time and I can see the fat fleas crawling on them . I do vacuum daily and keep their bedding clean so fortunately the fleas are only on them and not all over the house . All in all you get what you pay for and the stuff is cheap in price and value . I will be going back to the more expensive stuff for the health and comfort of my dogs .
 Great price , but do n't be fooled . If you need real flea control , you 've got to shell out the bucks for Advantage or Frontline . We have a 14 year-old American Eskimo with a very thick coat . Advantage and Frontline do work for her , but I been much happier with our latest scheme
 DO NOT USE HARTZ PRODUCTSHartz products contain a very toxic pesticide that WILL sicken and KILL your pets . Hundred of pets have been sickened or killed by these products to date . If you value your pets , do not use anything from Hartz . For more details , see this website :[ ... -RSB-
 Almost killed my dog . STAY AWAY . research online ! Hartzvictims.org . Had about $ 1000 in vet bills !!!! The vet told me she sees lots of these cases every year . The cat stuff is even worse !!!
 The drops made my pug really sick , I am praying he does n't end up with major organ damage.Times are really difficult , and you try to take care of your pet the best you can , thedecision to buy the cheap stuff ends up having a devastating backlash . Insult to injury , just when you think things could not get any worse , corporate inhumanity comes through again.nice
 I ca n't be 100 % posistive , but I put the medication on my little buddie and less than 24 hours later he died ! All I can say is just do the research !
 I ca n't believe this is still on the market . I used once on my dog and he had a horrible skin reaction that lasted for days . His skin became red and irritated , he wouldnt let me come near him , and was whimpering . Even after repeated washings he was sore to the touch . I now use frontline or get the Rx for first shield . Do NOT buy if you care about your pets health .
 I put this on my dog and immediately he started to scratch until he was missing patches of hair all over his body . I did some research online about this product to find that this is a common problem and we are lucky that our dog was just itchy , not dead . Do not use this product !
 Read these two websites for very sad stories of how Hartz products have killed pets : http://www.hartzvictims.org/http://www.hartzkills.org/More sites to read to become informed : http://www.nrdc.org/health/effects/pets/execsum.asp
 Used on my 10 pound poodle . Within a few days had fleas again . Two weeks into treatment had a tick ! He 's four years old and has never had a tick . This product is absolutely worthless ! Not to mention , after putting it on him , he ran around the house like a nervous wreck for 24 hours and salivated a lot . I felt terrible ! Never again !!!! I wrote the company a letter and they sent me a form letter reply , telling me to send them the unused portion and original receipt for refund . That 's it . No , `` we 're sorry you were disappointed , '' nothing .
 My brother 's dog got a bad reaction to it after I applied within two hours . It made her get even more fleas and irritated her skin . Luckily , she 's okie now . Do n't buy this crap , it sucks and its not worth the money .
 I bought this for my dog a couple of times just because it is cheap ... you get what you pay for . This stuff is a total waste of money and does n't kill the fleas or even reduce the number of them .
 Sure , it 's not guaranteed to kill your pet but it CAN . I now have two friends whose dogs have died from a serious reaction after using this product . Even if 2 out of 100 dogs dies , it simply is not worth taking that chance . What if your dog is one of those two ? Not worth the gamble .
 We 'd gotten our kitty a few weeks ago -LRB- she 's 6 months old -RRB- and noticed a few flea bites on our legs , so we decided to treat her for fleas . She 's an inside cat , always has been , but you never know ! We live in a small town , so our shopping option is kind of limited to Wal Mart . We purchased this Hartz Flea and Tick medication and applied just as it said . Since she 's over 5 lbs and more than 12 weeks old , we figured she 'd be safe . But we were very wrong . Her hind legs started twitching just a few hours after the product was applied . We figured it was just the fleas dying off , so we left her alone . That night , she could n't stop itching her neck where we had applied the product . She usually sleeps with us , so she kept us up all night long . The next morning , we woke up to her on the couch in a pool of her own urine . She could n't get up !! We got online and googled the product and the first website that came up was hartzvictims.org . We immediately gave her a bath and called the vet . They told us that if she did n't start to come around after the bath , then to take her in . Luckily for us , she started moving around again . It 's been two weeks and her legs twitch every now and then still , but we 're lucky to have her alive ! I STRONGLY recommend that nobody uses this product , EVER ! If you live in a small town like me , GO TO THE VET FOR FLEA PRODUCT ! It 's worth the money to have your four legged friend be healthy .
 I bought the Hartz Ultra Guard Plus for my Wheaten Terrier at Walmart . She weighs in at 34 pounds . I bought it because it was inexpensive and I thought Walmart would sell a decent product . I applied it and two days later it looked like I had poured Cooking oil all over my dogs back . In between the shoulder blades down to her tail was oily and wet . A few days later dirt had been absorbed into the oil making her look a mess . I could n't get the stuff out . I ended up taking her to Petsmart to be groomed and they had to use a special shampoo to cut through the oil.So what I thought was going to be a savings actually cost me $ 53.00 for a grooming . I do n't know if the Ultra guard actually worked because no one wanted to pet her because her coat was such a mess.Look elsewhere for your flea a tick needs . This one definately is n't worth it .
 I have four cats who are all suffering through a flea infestation . I bought the Ultra Guard one spot because I figured that Hartz is a reliable pet supply company and the cost of the product was much lower than the other flea control products . I applied the product to my cats and not one single flea has died . After 24 hours , live fleas are still walking on my cats and on me !
 Do not use Hartz flea and tick drops !! I bought them because they 're cheaper than Frontline . I put them on my dog in the afternoon and by evening , he could hardly walk . I called the Hartz 800 number and the woman told me to bathe him immediately with Dawn Dish Soap 2 or 3 times.Even though he 's a big dog , I had to bathe him in the bathtub . I watched him during the night and in the morning he seemed to be o.k. but a little lethargic . I talked to my vet and he said the Hartz drops should n't even be on the market . He said there have been too many bad reactions reported and some dogs have had seizures and some have died from those drops.If I had n't seen him walking funny before we went to bed , my precious companion could have died during the night .
 Used shampoo and spot on nine year old cat it KILLED him . Told Hartz they said products should n't be used together . Does n't state that anywhere on the product . Do not use . See hartzvictims.org
 Shipment was 3 weeks late and when received it was the wrong Salt water test kit . It was a test kit cheaper than what I had paid for . I ordered the red sea test kit and instead I got an API test kit .
 This pump was a waste of money . Rio claims it pumps at a flow rate of 270 gallons per hour at a 4 ft head . This pump actually barely managed to do 5 gallons per hour . Buy another brand - do n't trust Rio 's claims ...
 This pump lasted me 5 months . It completely stopped working . All instructions in use and full water submersion were followed .
 I had a Rio 1800 pump in my aquarium and and another Rio 2100 that I got about five years ago that I use for water changes . The Rio 1800 in the aquarium died after being used for 10 years and I replaced it with the Rio 2100 I was using for water changes so I bought Rio 12HF in 2010 and that one failed after eight months where I was just using it once or twice a month to pump water into the aquarium during water changes . Got another Rio 12HF that also failed after six months . The FH series with the titanium shaft and ceramic bushing is suppose to be a better product but I ca n't recommend the Rio FH series pumps as they seem to have a very short lifetime .
 My cat is 20 + lbs . and she suffers from Megacolon , a condition that causes severe constipation . I bought this to save me numerous and costly trips to the vet , just to they could administer an enema . However , this was not enough to relieve my cat . Even after two she was still having a problem . Now I buy the super size ones right from my vet . I guess if your cat is normal sized it may work but please be careful using it . Your vet should show you how . If you do n't know what you 're doing you could severely injure your cat .
 The balm does n't asorbed in the paw pads . It gets all over when you 're pet walks around . It defeats the purpose . A lttle pricey .
 The rub is very greasy and left stains on my hard wood floors that still will not come up . It is also so strongly scented that my black lab sat there with long strings of drewl coming out of her mouth . She never drewls so it was quite odd . Overall I was very let down and returned the rub .
 I could not believe my eyes when the dog treats arrived . I had not checked how much my $ 12 would buy , but there was 3 oz !!!! That brings the price per pound to over $ 60 . Do I want to feed my dogs Kobi beef or Russian caviar ? No . And I surely will never buy this again either . What a mistake . It baffles the mind that this product is in production . It seems immoral to waste resources to dry tribe , put it in plastic lined foil bags and ship it.Yes , one of my dogs ate it , the other not . So save your money .
 This review will make me sound really stupid , but whatever . I do n't really care as long as people find out what 's real and can avoid my mistakes.I got my wonderful little sweet Bella Bean when she was a few days shy of three years old . She had been bounced around from house to house and eating whatever was cheap . I have had cats around me my entire life , for about twenty-five years now . My mother always just fed them whatever , the kinds of food you buy in the supermarket - Friskies , Nine Lives , Kit & Kaboodle , stuff like that . And our cats were always fine , at least in terms of their eating habits . They would eat in the morning , stop when they were done , come back , and eat some more when they got hungry.My housemate at the time was working for Hill 's and assured me that this was the best food ever made , so great , so on and so forth . I now know that she is an utter buffoon , but I initially trusted her judgment , which is so unfortunate because she does n't think . She also had plenty of coupons for free or deeply discounted bags , which made it a much more attractive choice.I first tried feeding the little Bean an unmeasured amount of Science Diet in a bowl , but that did n't work , as she would devour it in one sitting . So then I took to measuring it , and she did the same thing . Then I started parsing it out to twice a day . That did n't work either , because she would start going crazy in the middle of the day , running around , intentionally destroying things , deliberately spilling her water , crying , etc. , until she got more food . So then I split it into three servings . Same thing . Then it got to be four servings . That was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times . So then it went back to three . All the while , I was trying to reduce the amount of food I was feeding her to less than 3/4 of a cup because she was a little chubby . Reducing was hell . She became even more hungry , but I figured she would get used to it . Not really.For over a year , she would wake me up every morning looking for food in a serious way , knocking things off my desk , ripping up any paper she could find , scratching at the door and committing general acts of mischief . As soon as she got food , she was back to her sweet self , but only for three or four hours.We thought she was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder . She always wanted food . It was kind of funny but in the end it was just sad.A few weeks back , we took her to a new -LRB- good , non-money factory -RRB- vet for her second checkup since I 've had her . I talked with him about her being always hungry . He asked what she ate , and I told him the adult indoor Science Diet . Without saying as much , he basically told me that this food is garbage and I should look for something else . He said cat food should have a protein followed by a carbohydrate as the first two ingredients . Science Diet does , in a very loose , by-product kind of way - ground up slaughterhouse leftovers and corn dust . Then they put a bunch of vitamins in it to make it `` healthy , '' instead of just using good ingredients from the beginning . Not that I care about spending money on the Bean , but this food is way too expensive for what it is.So we began transitioning her onto Wellness indoor formula about two weeks ago . She is still eating 50 percent Science Diet with 50 percent Wellness -LRB- you really should n't just give a cat different food one day out of the blue -RRB- but SHE NEVER FREAKS OUT ANYMORE . It 's amazing . And it 's 100 percent because she is eating real food now , along with that sawdust and chicken hearts I still regrettable have to feed her . We have her down to eating twice a day , only 1/3 cup in TOTAL . She was eating three times a day , 5/8 of a cup in total . Now she eats some in the morning , walks away , eats some more a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding . No more knocking things over , no more trashing Dad 's papers on the desk , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor . It 's incredible.I feel so bad that I was doing this to her for so long . We really thought she was just being dramatic or whatever . But no , she was genuinely hungry because she was n't eating any real food.Do your cat a favor - buy her or him so food made with real ingredients , things you would eat - Wellness , Halo , Innova , Evo , whatever . Figure it out for yourself , but please do n't feed your cat this . It 's garbage .
 Cats are carnivores.Science Diet has no meat.Instead , you get cheap corn filler , spent rice leftover from brewing beer , and meatless chicken parts that humans do n't eat , like beaks .
 My kitten -- now a hefty 11 pound slug -- went through the same antics as the 1-star review written about Bean.I could n't figure out why our Tiki was always hungry . Why she got fat and lazy and was always panting , but never too satiated to turn up her nose at Science Diet . She was always begging for it , every 4 hours . And her litter-box smells , and the size of the poos -- I swear , they were human-size ! I thought okay , she 's a growing kitten , she must know more than I do about her nutritional needs , so I kept filling the bowl . But she got so huge so fast that I knew something was wrong.So I did my research and learned all about sub-standard pet food , and what cats really need . It 's not Science Diet , that 's for sure ! Yet our local pound where I adopted Tiki insisted on keeping her on Science Diet , because `` it 's good for the cats and they love it '' . Hmmm.I began weaning our Tiki off Science Diet about 2 months ago . It has been a long and tortuous change for both of us . I have to put up with pitiful meowing all hours of the night . Unfortunately I have to keep a small bag of Science Diet in the pantry -LRB- long story short
 Please do your research on pet foods and what is actually good for your cats . Hills science diet is a horrible food filled with horrible ingredients . They charge an outrageous price because it 's the # 1 vet recommended food . This is a joke and the only reason why it 's rated # 1 buy vets is because Hills gives money to soon to be vets to help them go through school . Then they sell the cat food to them cheap so they can jack up the price and make a nice profit off of your marketing foolishness . Read the back of the labels of Hills brand and you will see that most of the top ingredients are grains or cheap meat by products which are the feathers , bones , unwanted organs from animals , basically all of the stuff we would n't eat . try something like orijen or evo .
 This review will make me sound really stupid , but whatever . I do n't really care as long as people find out what 's real and can avoid my mistakes.I got my wonderful little sweet Bella Bean when she was a few days shy of three years old . She had been bounced around from house to house and eating whatever was cheap . I have had cats around me my entire life , for about twenty-five years now . My mother always just fed them whatever , the kinds of food you buy in the supermarket - Friskies , Nine Lives , Kit & Kaboodle , stuff like that . And our cats were always fine , at least in terms of their eating habits . They would eat in the morning , stop when they were done , come back , and eat some more when they got hungry.My housemate at the time was working for Hill 's and assured me that this was the best food ever made , so great , so on and so forth . I now know that she is an utter buffoon , but I initially trusted her judgment , which is so unfortunate because she does n't think . She also had plenty of coupons for free or deeply discounted bags , which made it a much more attractive choice.I first tried feeding the little Bean an unmeasured amount of Science Diet in a bowl , but that did n't work , as she would devour it in one sitting . So then I took to measuring it , and she did the same thing . Then I started parsing it out to twice a day . That did n't work either , because she would start going crazy in the middle of the day , running around , intentionally destroying things , deliberately spilling her water , crying , etc. , until she got more food . So then I split it into three servings . Same thing . Then it got to be four servings . That was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times . So then it went back to three . All the while , I was trying to reduce the amount of food I was feeding her to less than 3/4 of a cup because she was a little chubby . Reducing was hell . She became even more hungry , but I figured she would get used to it . Not really.For over a year , she would wake me up every morning looking for food in a serious way , knocking things off my desk , ripping up any paper she could find , scratching at the door and committing general acts of mischief . As soon as she got food , she was back to her sweet self , but only for three or four hours.We thought she was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder . She always wanted food . It was kind of funny but in the end it was just sad.A few weeks back , we took her to a new -LRB- good , non-money factory -RRB- vet for her second checkup since I 've had her . I talked with him about her being always hungry . He asked what she ate , and I told him the adult indoor Science Diet . Without saying as much , he basically told me that this food is garbage and I should look for something else . He said cat food should have a protein followed by a carbohydrate as the first two ingredients . Science Diet does , in a very loose , by-product kind of way - ground up slaughterhouse leftovers and corn dust . Then they put a bunch of vitamins in it to make it `` healthy , '' instead of just using good ingredients from the beginning . Not that I care about spending money on the Bean , but this food is way too expensive for what it is.So we began transitioning her onto Wellness indoor formula about two weeks ago . She is still eating 50 percent Science Diet with 50 percent Wellness -LRB- you really should n't just give a cat different food one day out of the blue -RRB- but SHE NEVER FREAKS OUT ANYMORE . It 's amazing . And it 's 100 percent because she is eating real food now , along with that sawdust and chicken hearts I still regrettable have to feed her . We have her down to eating twice a day , only 1/3 cup in TOTAL . She was eating three times a day , 5/8 of a cup in total . Now she eats some in the morning , walks away , eats some more a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding . No more knocking things over , no more trashing Dad 's papers on the desk , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor . It 's incredible.I feel so bad that I was doing this to her for so long . We really thought she was just being dramatic or whatever . But no , she was genuinely hungry because she was n't eating any real food.Do your cat a favor - buy her or him so food made with real ingredients , things you would eat - Wellness , Halo , Innova , Evo , whatever . Figure it out for yourself , but please do n't feed your cat this . It 's garbage .
 This food is not a good food and is not worth the money . It contains by products and lots of corn . It will make your cats fat and lazy . My friend 's cat was vomiting and had been to every vet and had every test but when she switched the food to Innova Evo , the cat stopped vomiting . Do not buy this food because for the same price you can buy Evo which is grain free and made with table-grade meat . SCIENCE DIET IS GARBAGE !
 I have two cats and have always been feeding them this food , one is 5 and the other 9 years old and they are both 15 pounds.So they are fat and I could never figure out why , since they only got to share on cup between each other all day.So about two weeks ago I did some research on this food and my eyes were opened.I feel horrible that I fed them this junk food and I thought I was giving them the Best out there , since my Vet gave it to me and said it was great for them.So anyways my male cat is now on Wellness Indoor dry and expensive wet food like Blue Buffalo , Wellness and Merrick.He loves it and I had no problem switching him over and I already notice the difference in his energy level.But my biggest issue is my female cat , she will not touch any other food than her Science junk food.I tried mixing it with the new food , starting at 75 % old to 25 % new , nothing she would n't touch it.So I tried 90 % to 10 % , still nothing.She cried and wined and did n't eat one morsel in four days and was just laying in one spot all day having even less energy than before.So I called my new Vet and she said now it is getting dangerous because she would n't eat at all.I had to give her her old junk food back , because I did not want her to die.I have no idea what to do , she is so addicted to this food and I ca n't get her of it.She hates wet food with a passion.I am worried about Diabetes if she will get any bigger.So I am really sad that nothing seems to work with her.I made her a junk food addict , it 's my fault.I wish I never started her on this food at all .
 this bark is beyond bad for the water . it turned the whole tank yellow/brown and when i would replace the water it did it again in 2 days . i boiled the bark and it still continues to turn the water a brown color ... not to mention my RES turtle has an awful time trying to climb up on it ... this is a bad product i would never buy it again .
 I have never posted a review before , but because I am such an animal lover , I could n't help but warn any pet owners thinking of giving these treats to your babies . I was told these treats , Texas Toothpicks , are `` safer and healthier alternative to rawhide '' for dogs of all ages and sizes . My beloved dachshund , Tele , began vomitting blood this past Friday . I rushed her to the vet , and they immediately took her for x-rays , as they assumed she must have ingested something dangerous . There was a huge , pointed and jagged bone fragment lodged in her upper abdomen . They feared that the bloody vomit might be due to the stomach being punctured , so they needed to do emergency surgery to remove it before it did puncture the stomach or worse . It was also clear by the size and shape , that she would not be able to pass it naturally and safely , even if it was n't lodged . Luckily , Tele is recovering so far , but it has been hell for me -LRB- and her , of course -RRB- , especially considering I , as a loving parent , had given her this treat . So , after $ 2,000 in medical costs , the fear of almost losing my beloved Tele and 10-14 days of recovery for her , I urge you to reconsider Texas Toothpicks for your pets!I have seen at least one other posting about this concern with bone fragments and their small breed dog . I wish I 'd seen it beforehand , so hopefully my posting will help .
 Merrick 's Texas Toothpicks Value Pack -LRB- 6.5 oz bag -RRB- From the first look the cow tails are very dry and stiff , look old and are dark in color . Besides those , when my dog started chewing on it , we saw that she is spitting out these bone fragments that she can not chew on . After examining the treat , I saw that the middle part of the cow tail is just like a bone . This is a very dangerous treat for specially small dogs like Multi-poos . I usually buy cow tails from my local pet shop and have never had such problem . The middle part is spongy and easy to chew . I do not recommend this product !!
 I ordered 3 of these . I got 3 individual bags not 3 cases of 12 bags . I paid shipping on 3 cases 19 lbs what I recieved was not even 11/2 lbs . White Dog Bone claims the description means 12 texas toothpicks are in the bag . I think they are mad because when I ordered they had them listed at a significant discount and did not want to honor it . I filed a complaint with Amazon and they agreed with me.The product itself is great . My dogs love them . I just wish that White Dog Bone was more concerned about customer service . They were very rude and refused to even talk to me exept to say that it was `` Amazon 's problem . ''
 I have -LRB- 7 -RRB- small to medium size dogs and I buy them a variety of treats monthly here on Amazon . I like getting them things they can chew on and that is good for their teeth so I thought these Texas Toothpicks would be perfect ! Maybe these are only for larger dogs because my small/medium size dogs want nothing to do with them and they do love to chew on bones and treats but not these sticks ! So this was unfortunately a waste of money for me and my furry `` kids '' and I thought other pet owners might have the same reaction as my dogs did . I will take them to the animal shelter because maybe there are those `` bigger '' dogs that might appreciate these sticks and they will not go to waste at least !
 Have been a trusting Merrick customer , but recently had bad experience . Our Cocker Spainiel loves to have a chew treat at night . Texas Toothpicks were our choice . Recently was wakened by him throwing up undigested `` little bones . '' They looked like small finger bones -LRB- four in total -RRB- , from a 1/2 to 1 '' long . Had no clue where they came from and thought he had eaten some animal -LRB- highly unlikely -RRB- . After two vet visits to make sure no obstructions were present -LRB- there were not -RRB- ... i disected some of the new toothpicks . Low-and-behold ... the toothpicks are filled with these small bones . DO NOT GIVE THESE TREATS TO YOUR DOGS ... ESPECIALLY SMALL BREEDS . Our Cocker male is 34 pounds . Stick with Bully Sticks ... much more healthy and digests with no problems .
 My Shiba Inu ate the first one -- the second time I offered him this treat , he just carried it around and whimpered until I took pity on him and threw it away -- there 's something about the smell/taste of this that he does not like !
 Advertised as 10 x 10 x 2.4 inches , but they are not . I ordered four and they are ` all ' about 10 '' x 6 '' x 2 '' . So if you are OK with the 10 '' x 6 '' for the price then I would recommend it .
 A bit of disappointment in this bully stick due to lack of thickness . Product Description is
 Had this lighting setup for about 2 years , which is not bad , but then it just unexpectedly stopped working . This is because there is NO water blocking shield on the light at all , which over time caused water to build up in the unit and caused it to die . This could easily be fixed by a simple shield , unfortunately the light does n't come with one . I was disappointed to see it go and will be switching to an Aqueon LED setup .
 I 'm not sure if this product actually works or not as far as helping to establish your beneficial bacterial colony . The &#34; bacteria &#34; is mixed in with bran flakes and floats around on the water surface . Really messy in a small aquarium . Might be okay for a pond or outside water garden with fish .
 I 've reviewed few things on here and it 's usually good , but I feel as if I should warn you about this product ... I set up my freshwater , planted tank a few weeks ago . I decided to splurge on a Fluval 306 canister filer , which is INCREDIBLY quitet compared to my old HOB filter . Who does n't want to speed-up the bio process ? Not I !! So , I went to my LFS -LRB- no , I did n't buy it from a vendor or site -RRB- , BUT ... my happy -LRB- non-fish -RRB- tank water went from clear , to having some sort of white scum on the surface after adding this product . I had followed the directions and thought to myself that it 'll clear up in a day or two.Nope ! It stayed and stayed and stayed . Hmm ... a week into my trying to `` pre '' cycle my tank was meeting with misery , so I figured I 'd throw a few Otos in -LRB- I always start my tanks with cleaners -RRB- to add some ammonia to the mix and get everything in order . The beneficial bacteria does n't really take root till they have some sh*t -LRB- ammonia -RRB- to feed on . No change ... So , after doing extensive reading and research , I found out that this is something seen with a mass influx of proteins and lack of surface agitation . Long story short , I adjusted the outflow nozzle to stir up the surface water and ... WOW !!! It sucks , but my tank looks like I just churned up the `` mulm '' from the gravel after months of not cleaning it . I 'm psyched watching the intake suck up the crap that 's been sitting up top get sucked into my tank 's intake ! 45 minutes later , the surface water in my tank of clean . One of my Otos looked at me and winked , so I know it 's all good under da ' hood . ~ Billy
 I wish There had been a better description of the size of these fish . They are so small , I would be very careful about giving them to my kitten when she 's bigger . She took a look at them and left them on the floor with barely a paw tap .
 I have no idea why toys like this do n't amuse my beast , but I have any number of cute , adorable cat toys laying about untouched . I keep thinking maybe I 've found the exception , but if one exists I have n't found it yet . She picked it up once , and that was it . Since she is apparently immune to catnip , I 've finally concluded that anything filled with the weed wo n't work . I 'm happy for those folks who say their cats love it , and do n't understand why mine wo n't cooperate .
 I have had to treat ich many times over the course of my life and have had 100 % success with no loss of fish using the heat/salt treatment . I recently had an outbreak in one of my tanks that i did not have a heater in so i decided to have this medicine overnighted and give it a try . After reading all the reviews i figured it had to work . After 5 days of treatment , following the directions on the bottle exactly , the ich not only was not cured but had spread to more fish and one of my glass catfish was dead . I immediately did a 50 % water changed and but the carbon back in my filters and started turning up the heat and adding salt . After about 2 days i had the heat to 88F and 2 TBS salt/5gallons and 3 days after that there was no sign of ich and i had not lost any more fish . This medication is not only a waste of money but it is also harmful to fish . I have used the heat/salt treatment with all sorts of fish -LRB- including ones they say do n't like salt ; such as plecos and cory 's -RRB- and have never lost a fish and always got rid of the ich that way . Do yourself and your fish a favore and do not put this poison in your tank .
 This product KILLED my Betta OVERNIGHT.I bought this my Betta who was suffering from Ich . I read all the instructions and warnings , and followed them to the letter . My poor fish seemed happier when I put him in the new , treated water , and after a few hours -LRB- I went to the grocery store -RRB- it seemed that the parasites were in fact coming off . As I went to bed , I noticed his fins were a little black at the edges , and thought that maybe it was fin rot , in which case I would buy more medication for him the next day . This morning I woke to find my Betta completely chemically burned . His fins were entirely black , and I was n't able to save him . The chemical burn was so bad , that it continued to burn him after I put him in fresh water . He died within 15 hours of using this product.I did some online searching , turns out , Formalin -LRB- # 1 ingredient in this product -RRB- , is highly toxic to Bettas , and I should have only let him be in the solution for a max of 1 hour . Wish that had been on the warning label -LRB- It says `` Do not use on Baby Whales , Elephant Nose , Shrimps , Snails , living rocks or invertebrates . '' -RRB- Do n't buy this for your Betta . It is a slow and miserable deterioration . I am sure that this product works well for other fish , and customer service was very nice , but please , do n't kill you Betta .
 Inferior quality . I would not purchase again . The picture is 10 times better than the actual product.Very cheap material .
 It worked okay for a year and a half . Then , when one of my cats came in through the door , the corner of the plastic flap broke . I tried to superglue it , but that did n't work . The only way to replace it is to get a whole new unit . The company wanted to charge me more than I paid in a store for a new unit . So much for their `` limited lifetime warranty . ''
 The cat flap is less easy to use than expected . The magnetic catch at the bottom adds resistance and confuses the cats . The large external door restricts the entrance to slender cats .
 This cat door did not work for me at all . I wanted a magnetic , four-way cat door so my cat could let herself in and out and I could keep the neighborhood cats and raccoons out . First of all , after paying someone to cut a hole in my door and install the thing , I find that it does not work . The magnet , whether held in my hand or on my cat 's collar , does not click the latch to open the door as it should . So I take the magnet off my cat 's collar , but she figures out a way to open the door anyway . When she is outside , she reaches in and hooks her claws under the edge of the cat door and pulls the flap towards her . This worked fine for awhile , because she could get in and out , but eventually the other animals in the neighborhood figured out they could get in as well . One neighborhood tom cat kept opening the door by just batting on it very hard with his paws . And then the raccoons started coming in and eating my cat 's food at night . And then , in the middle of the night , the whole flap and hinge assembly popped right off and I found it on the floor the next morning . Whether it was my cat or a raccoon that broke it off , I do n't know . So right now , I have my cat door hole blocked off with a piece of cardboard and I am online to buy a new , and hopefully better , cat door .
 We were disappointed it only had one magnet , as we have two cats . I must have missed something on the description . ? drg
 I have cloudy water in my tank , I tried this product as directed , it had absolutely no effect at all on the water.12-2011As a follow-up , I just put up a review for Microbe-lift Special Blend . It worked so well I gave it five stars . So to the three people who said this review was not helpful - well try a product that is helpful . You 'll change your comment about this review as quickly as my water turned clear with the other product !
 If you are looking for a bag of filter media that does exactly what it is supposed to do , look no farther . I believe you can use this stuff in either fresh or saltwater aquariums and it is desinged to rid the water of harmful organic waste material . Like all living things , fish dont like an over ubundance of poo or urine in their home . Enough waste with time will cause amonia levels to become lethal in your aquarium.I learned all of these little tid bits about filtering fish tanks by a weird sort of coincidence . See , I do n't own a pet fish , I have never owned a pet fish , and I will never own a pet fish . I do n't get the desire some people have to keep a fish in their home so they can see it all the time . I believe that it probably stems from some sort of internal desire to have companionship for those people who know that they are too pathedic , ugly , or both to ever have any sort of human companionship . Either way , I would imagine that if you profiled all of the serial killers and pedaphiles for the past thirty years , you would find that an abnormal number of the convicted had pet fish , and the most successful ones probably used the chemi pure in the aquariums . I came across this product after I was busted by the five-o for smoking reefers . I was put on house arrest and probation and had to submit random urine samples at the laws leisure . Well , about a week into it I found myself with a hot little spanish enchilada and about two ounces of some of the sticky , icky , icky ... if you know what I 'm screaming . Well , I should have held my ground but , I did n't . My number got called and I had to submit a sample that I knew would come up dirty . I came across this stuff when my buddy brought it to my house and told me to drink it like a tea . I did just that , hot water and I let this stuff steep in the water for twenty minutes . The `` tea '' was the color of crude oil and tasted something awful . I took it like a champ though and went to provide my sample with the up most confidence . Later that day I was detained and sent to county for violating the condition . The only problem with having friends that are bigger heads than you , is the fact that they will lead you astray . Lond story short , this stuff is for fish water , it is not a human system cleanser . Not by a long shot .
 From the start I really liked this tool . However , almost immediately the adjustable handle locks got really got real flaky and would become unlocked . Now after 7-months the spot welds on the pan came apart making it unusable . It is a real shame because this could have received 5-stars with a little quality control.Updated * - I contacted the manufacturer directly and they sent out a complete new unit with no questions asked .
 Upon receiving this item , it seemed nice , but not quite as nice as I had hoped . Still , I would say my initial impression was 4 stars . Spade and scoop are both a very reasonable gauge of steel . Rivets and plastic are pretty nice . The spade seems a bit wide for the scoop ; it makes it in but a smidge more clearance would n't hurt my feelings . The aluminum shafts seem a bit on the flimsy side . All in all , a pretty good product though.So , why only 1 star instead of 4 ? Well , it broke the second time I used it . I could n't even tell you how . It seemed fine the first time I used it , but when I went to use it a second time a week later , the adjustable section of the spade was loose , and kept falling down . I tried to tighten it , but to no avail . I 'm actually very familiar with the type of mechanism that is inside , as I used to fix trekking poles as part of my job . Its the same concept . This one ; however , is just poorly made and unrepairable . So sad to see a good product with real potential fall flat on its face due to a simple issue of cutting corners . For fifty cents more you could have a quality locking mechanism . I would have rather seen a simple straight unadjustable one piece shaft than one that fails so easily . That or use a quality mechanism ; I 'm willing to pay the difference .
 I purchased this in anticipation of a lot of clean up `` duty '' and for the fact that it looked like it was pretty heavy duty and could be left outside all year . Everything was OK except that the telescoping shaft of the scooper/shovel would not securely lock into place , so it 's always very loose and wiggly . The black piece used for tightening it also split the second day . That piece however , does n't seem to make any difference when you tighten the two pieces together . Even when tightened as hard as you can get it , the `` joint '' is still loose . I am thinking about trying to take it apart and put a piece of dowel wood to reinforce .
 falls apart , adjustable part breaks easily . I set it and never adjusted it , broke with in 6 months of limited use .
 This item lasted only 3 uses . During the third use , the metal pole connected to the pan actually bent while emptying it out . Complete waste of money .
 I bought this for my Labrador who has an open would on his rear leg . The info . say sit will work for everything but the front paws . This is not true . I measured and cut this exactly per the instructions and my lab was able to easily reach is back paw . This may work for other areas but it definitely does not work for dogs with longer rear legs . I am going back to the E-collar .
 I was very unhappy with this product . Although easy to use , it most certainly did not do the job . Ended up giving it to the animal shelter
 I bought this pump and for a few days could n't have been happier with my purchase . Little did I know that this pump would n't even last a week . I would n't recommend this unless you like stuff that breaks down in an unreasonable amount of time .
 I must have very sensitive ears , because the Rena 300 sounded like a truck running . The tank is in my son room which is on the other side of the house ; down a long hallway , past a bathroom no where near my room and I could hear that pump Buzzing away . By 2am I co n't take the noise anymore & had to unplug it , and when I did my son said `` do n't ever plug it back in ! `` I bought 6 different air pump -LRB- ranging from $ 14 to $ 50 -RRB- and I learned they ALL make noise , there no such thing a silent & quiet air pump . I co n't take any of the Rena -LRB- I tried the rena 100 , 200 & 300 -RRB- , and I tired the Tetra 10 & 40 they too where way too noisy . But the Tertra whisper 60 surprisingly , was quiet enough where we could sleep . I think it all depends on what your ears can take ; I say buy couple different sizes & brands till you find the one your ears likes .
 I just filed a return request on this pump for the second time in less than three weeks for the same problem
 Works well enough but much too noisy ; be aware you can easily hear this pump , even in the next room . Placing on small piece of carpet helps , but describing this as an `` Ultra quiet '' pump feels like outright deception .
 I was really excited about getting this air pump for my 60 gallon fish tank . I plugged it in , very quiet but when I turned it up to its max air flow setting , it could n't even blow one air bubble into my tank with an 8ft hose . I dont know if it was malfunctioning or just got damaged during shipping but I had to return it and was left with my old and noisy pump . I now have to wait for my refund and go to the pet store later this week . Not cool RENA AIR PUMP PEOPLE ... . NOT COOL . : -LRB-
 This air pump works but it pretty regularly starts making a very loud noise as if it is revving up an unseen engine before the green flag comes down . Unfortunately , it wo n't stop making this noise until you pick it up , look it over for some hint about why the air pump sounds like an experimental music festival , and then put it back down . Even if you put it in the exact same spot , the Rena Air 200 seems satisfied because it will return to the quiet hum ... for a half-hour or so.I gave it to Goodwill who will hopefully help it find use some place out of ear shot .
 I 've had this product for about 2 years now and it 's worked fine . Very quite and and I like rena products . I have 3 of their xp filter setups and have been very happy with them . I needed to re-arrange some things with my tanks and the nipple the hose goes on broke off when I tried to remove the hose from the pump . Now the pump is useless .
 Was buying this pump to replace an old , loud one -LRB- of a different brand , Whisper -RRB- that we just could n't stand any more . This was for our 29 gallon tank , so figured the one for `` up to 30 gallons '' would suffice . Well , right out of the box I noticed it did n't generate nearly the same amount of air our last pump , of the same size , did . It still put some air out , and I hate going through the refund process , especially with a reseller , so we decided to live with it . The , about 30 minutes later it developed a loud hum . Yeah , 30 minutes after opening the brand new box . As much as I do n't want to , this thing is going back asap .
 Not what is represented or I have a bad one . I do n't know which . Should have returned this one but did n't .
 Unfortunetly the picture lies about this item . Mine arrived as two pieces and they were only about 4 `` x5 '' and there was no way to put them together becuase they were completely opposite from the other . I might give it a second chance and see what shows up this time .
 The picture displayed on this item shows a half-log of cork . Additionally , its description lists its dimensions as `` 10x10x2 .4 '' , implying it is long , wide , and short -LRB- like a tunnel -RRB- . However , it is NOTHING like this.The product received is actually a full-log of cork , and its dimensions are strictly 10x2 .4 -LRB- it 's just a little bit bigger than a paper towel tube -RRB- . Do n't buy it . Do n't get ripped off .
 My dog was doing fine at first and would eat all his food when I set it down . I had used a football shaped dispenser before and he did really good . I do n't think he likes the orange ball as much because , yes it is a lot of work and I think he gets discouraged or bored after 20 minutes . He does n't even bother getting all the food out , he just gives up . Especially when there are a few 4-5 pieces inside that I ca n't even get out easily he just leaves it there . Sometimes he will practically leave half his food in there . He began letting the ball just sit there and lingering over it . Now he just walks away from his food after one bite . I think he is disinterested in the ball , maybe my dog is lazy . But then I tried walking him then setting his food in the food bowl and he still did the same thing , he did n't eat it up like he used to . So I do n't know if the ball made him take a step back in learning/training or if he 's just not interested in food anymore . But the ball definitely made him start to just let the food sit there and I think it 's because he thinks the food will be there whenever he wants it so he 's gon na eat it when he feels like it not when I say he should be eating . I do n't think that behavior is right and he used to always eat when I said it was time to eat .
 I tried everything . After figuring out what my cat 's favorite kind of treat was , I loaded the ball with them . My cat simply did n't care . He looked at it for a couple seconds and walked away from it . I then added some catnip . He played with it for maybe seven or eight seconds and lost interest . I tried catnip spray , tossing it to the cat , attaching it to a string and any number of other tricks , but nothing worked . I thought that it would give my indoor cat some exercise , but nothing helped . He just could n't be bothered . I then gave it to a friend with multiple cats . My friend actually had some luck . I guess that his cats were concerned that the other cats would get the treats first , so they actually used the ball and managed to get some treats out of it.In short , the only reason that a cat would use this ball , at least as far as my experience can demonstrate , is so that another cat will not be able to get the treats within . It is an ugly statement about the nature of cats -LRB- just kidding -RRB- . I guess that my family will be sticking with fuzzy strings on the ends of sticks for our cat .
 I got this toy for my 14 month old goldendoodle thinking she would love it and play with it all the time . She dosnt even touch the thing . No matter what treat or how much I put in the ball , I would come home and it would be untouched . I was hoping it would be like those dogs on tv pushing it around with their noses but they just dont do that . My dog is very smart and knows just about every trick in the book . If your dog can figure this ball out they are very smart . If anyone has any tips for me on how to get your dog to use this please tell me them . I very much regret buying this product .
 My golden destroyed it in under 20 minutes . What a waste of money .
 BEWARE of these balls ! They REEK of a chemical/plastic smell . I 've emailed the manufacture through their website inquiring about the balls safety and the fact that it 's a very STRONG chemical smell that lingers on my hands , and dog 's mouth LONG after he 's done playing with it . This , combined with the fact that it 's MADE IN CHINA and God only knows what type of ingredients and chemicals are used.I NEVER HEARD BACK FROM THE COMPANY AFTER MAKING THREE -LRB- 3 -RRB- EMAILS TO THEM !!!! Great customer service eh?My email was simple , is it safe ? Non toxic ? Why the smell ? and MORE IMPORTANTLY , would they let their infants/babies put it in THEIR mouth?It smells so strong , I put it in a bag -LRB- while awaiting my response that NEVER CAME from the company -RRB- and it started to smell up the entir cellar way !!! ` BUYERS BEWARE!Oh yeah , it also is VERY SOFT and after only 2 playtimes with my Cairn Terrier -LRB- which only lasted about 10 mins . each time , it has puncture holds , and little bits coming off of it .
 My dog is a basset , a hyper basset . He is always on the go and chewing various toys that we give to him . We baught this toy thinking he would use it alot -LRB- bassets are know for their noses -RRB- but when it does get his attention it is only for a brief time because no matter how much he rolls it and despite the different treats and amounts we have put into it , nothing comes out . They only come out some of the time when we try to do it ourselves.Unless your dog goes for a while without enforcement , this toy is not for your dog.I only wish we could return it.Hope this helps .
 I bought this for my Golden-doodle , who is 18 months old and an AVID chewer . This looked to be sturdy and durable , and from the reviews I read , money well-spent . Boy , was I wrong ! Within 2 hours it was trash , torn to shreds . A better buy is the Everlasting Fun Ball , which is a few bucks more expensive , but well worth the difference!If your dog is a moderate chewer , then this one may be for you ... but it was a waste of money for us !
 I filled it with kibble and our dogs got working on rolling it around . I walked away for 30 seconds . I came back and there was a hole in it . My dogs get feeder toys all the time , and they are quite good at using them but this was so easy to tear apart our doberman went for the path of least resistance . It happened so incredibly fast . Just one purposeful bite.If your dog is n't a big chewer , maybe it would be great . Or maybe for a small dog who could n't get a good bite on a toy this large . I liked that it was soft , so it did n't make loud noises when it hit the walls . Too bad it did n't last one whole day .
 My 9 month old pointer mix chewed through it in no time . It is way too soft . It was difficult for him to get the treats out so I guess chewing them out was easier . He has yet to chew through a red Kong .
 I bought this ball for my big mouthed golden retriever because he gets bored easily and I thought this might keep him entertained . I tried showing him how to get the treats out , but all he wanted to do is take it to a corner and chew on on it . He had a small hole chewed in it within the first ten minutes . I have taken it away for now and will try to teach him a few more times , but if you have a large dog who is a chewer I would not recommend this toy . I will definately not be able to leave him unattended with it .
 Our Jack Russell is 9 years old . We bought him one of these from Petco when he was a puppy . He had this treat ball for 8 years . It finally started getting beat up so we bought him a new one , the same exact thing we bought 8 years ago . We noticed immediately that the material is thinner and more flexible . He has destroyed this new one in less than 6 months . He does n't chew on it , he picked it up by the hole and brings it to us and asks that we fill it . Just carrying it around in his mouth from time to time has cracked it and broken the plastic down to where the hole is ruined , treats will no longer stay in it , they just fall out immediately . We are ordering him another treat ball of a different brand .
 I purchased one of these toys for my Lab about three years ago and he still plays with it all the time . The quality was excellent and it still looks the same as when I took it out of the package . However , I recently purchased another one for my Dad 's dog and the quality is just not the same . The older one I got for my dog , is more rigid . I gave the new one to my Dad 's dog yesterday and after playing with it for a short time , the side was already caved in . I was able to push it back out but the quality is just not the same . The material it 's made of is much softer and I really do n't think this one is going to last because it will be much easier to tear . I 'm very disappointed in the lesser quality of the new ball .
 Opened the package to a very strong smell . Packaging also says to keep toy away from children -- hmmm ... wonder what 's in it to make it soft ? I will probably use this on a very limited basis . I washed it before I thought it all through , so ca n't return it .
 Maybe I have an unrealistic expectations , but I expect dog toys to last longer than 10 minutes . My 4-year-old Jack Russell pawed it around and understood the treat comes out the bottom part but did n't want to waste time and went right for it . What a waste of money !
 This may be alright for a dog that does not like to chew , but our Olde English Bulldogge made short work of it . In about 20 min she had chewed THROUGH the ball to get to the treats . You also need to STUFF it FULL with treats or they will not come out no matter what you do . Obviously , she got so frustrated it was easier to make her own exit for the treats ! Also , it has a really strong plastic-chemical smell for anyone who is chemically sensitive . Hope you have better luck than we did ! : -RRB-
 I 've purchased five different food dispensing toys . The 5-inch IQ Treat Ball , the Omega Paw Tricky Treat Ball , Large , the StarMark Interactive toy , and the Premier Pet Busy Buddy Twist N Treat Dog Toy , Medium , and the Premier Pet Busy Buddy Twist N Treat Dog Toy , Large.Please note that you can not clean the insides of the StarMark or the Omega ball . Unless you want old gunk hanging around for months , these two toys will last ... very short . I kept each for only a couple of months before tossing them out . The only two I use to this day are the Premier Pet Buddy , Large , and the IQ Treat Ball.Of all of these , each one has its benefits and shortcomings : The Omega Paw Tricky Treat Ball is the perfect material for my dog - he 's not a huge chewer . It hits the wall and makes a gentle `` thud '' sound . However , with the new design , the hole that dispenses the food is much too large and dispenses a ton of his treats right from the getgo - this is not enough to keep my dog entertained for more than a few minutes ! The Omega Ball fits the most food - I believe I can get up to a full cup of kibbles into it . Note that the only way to clean this toy is to put water in it and shake . I made the mistake of putting dishwashing liquid in it , shaking , and trying to get rid of the suds . It did n't happen - the suds persisted . There 's a tiny air hole on the other side ... not that that helped get rid of the suds . I threw the toy away.The Premier Pet Busy Buddy Twist N Treat Dog Toy , Medium is my least favorite . Whilst it also does not make a lot of noise , you ca n't necessarily control how fast food comes out because it relies on twisting it just right - and when the toy is knocked around , it untwists , and just spills out all the food , too - well , at least makes the hole bigger so food comes out much too fast . This is my least favorite food dispensing toy . The Buddy is also the smallest - you can only fit 1/4 to 1/3 cups of food in here if you seal it tight . The one great thing about this toy is that you can actually clean it.The Premier Pet Busy Buddy Twist N Treat Dog Toy , Large , is my very favorite . It 's sturdy , food comes out at a decent pace and when my dog knocks it around , it does n't cause the opening to get bigger . I can put his entire meal inside this toy -LRB- unlike the medium size -RRB- easily and it 's not a huge balancing act to make sure nothing falls out . I can clean it , and it does n't roll away like the IQ ball into places my dog can not reach . It 's slow rolling so he can guide it easier . Plus , it 's quiet and only makes a gentle thud . No matter the size of your dog , get the large . My dog is a 25-28 pounder . The large is much sturdier than the medium.The StarMark Interactive toy is very large . You can fit a lot of kibbles in there . That 's a bonus . Also , you can make the dispensing method more difficult in two places . However , you can not open the thing to clean it and I certainly would NOT put water in there , as it 's odd shaped , and I really do n't like what may happen if I try to pour water in there and shake . I would highly recommend that you start with this toy rather than one of the balls if you plan on buying a StarMark toy . The reason for this is that my dog was used to rolling or pushing a toy to get his food out . So instead of gently nudging the StarMark toy , he would try to roll it , which ended up being really loud for me . He has never figured out that you just need to push the top to get the food out and just pushed harder to get the thing to roll.Finally , the 5-inch IQ ball is perfect in the sense that it lets you control how fast it dispenses , but it 's SO LOUD . My dog gets all worked up at the ball and gets very aggressive with it because of the loud noises it makes . He reacts to the noises and I think it gives him anxiety . Not to mention all the loud clanging makes ME have anxiety . I 'm worried the neighbors will complain!Another thing about the IQ ball is that because it rolls so easily and fast and furious when my dog pushes it and it is so small , it often goes under a piece of furniture so that my dog ca n't reach it . So much for keeping my dog distracted so I can do other things - I often have to get up and get the ball for him out from underneath a piece of furniture . This was not a problem once for the Premier Pet Busy Buddy Twist N Treat Dog Toy and not so much for the Omega ball because it rolls more slowly and when my dog pushes it , it does n't travel that far . Obviously this is not a problem for the StarMark toy , as that toy is quite large.Finally , the IQ ball only fits about a 1/2 cup of kibbles . There is a white enclosure to manage the dispensing of food . You can fit another 1/4 cup above the white enclosure , but it 's a pain because you have to make sure none spills over to the side before twisting - hard to explain , but trust me , it 's a pain . 3/4 cup of kibbles max , and only a 1/2 cup is easily put in .
 `` This challenging ball entertains big dogs for hours . `` My yellow lab took all of 7 minutes to chew a hole in it to retrieve all the goodies - and he 's not the sharpest tool in the shed . Good in theory , a waste of money in reality . I guess I 've spent money in worse ways , as long as a lesson is learned , which is `` No more Tricky Treat Balls , Large '' for us . The final insult will be when he throws up all those orange plastic pieces on my carpet .
 This is not for heavy chewers , but we liked it so much that every time Zoe would chew through one , we 'd buy another . We would put her food in it and while it dispensed slowly , it gave us time to get other things done , as she ate . Now the hole is larger , so her food just falls out . We are greatly disappointed and trying other products now.Omega Paw TTLG6 Tricky Treat Ball - Large
 BEWARE of these balls ! They REEK of a chemical/plastic smell . I 've emailed the manufacture through their website inquiring about the balls safety and the fact that it 's a very STRONG chemical smell that lingers on my hands , and dog 's mouth LONG after he 's done playing with it . This , combined with the fact that it 's MADE IN CHINA and God only knows what type of ingredients and chemicals are used.I NEVER HEARD BACK FROM THE COMPANY AFTER MAKING THREE -LRB- 3 -RRB- EMAILS TO THEM !!!! Great customer service eh?My email was simple , is it safe ? Non toxic ? Why the smell ? and MORE IMPORTANTLY , would they let their infants/babies put it in THEIR mouth?It smells so strong , I put it in a bag -LRB- while awaiting my response that NEVER CAME from the company -RRB- and it started to smell up the entir cellar way !!! ` BUYERS BEWARE !
 My 1.5 year old AmStaff Terrier/Pit mix torn this ball apart in 3 play sessions . It only lasted this long because I was able to pry it off his mouth the first 2 times . While it lasted he loved it , much more than the buster cube which was noisy and hard to get treats out . However , for the price , I might as well get bully sticks which will last longer .
 My dogs really love food dispensing toys and I had high hopes for the Tricky Treat Ball after reading other reviews . Although my shepherd mix seemed to really like it at first , he quickly got frustrated when the food stopped coming out -LRB- it is really difficult to get food out of the middle chamber once it is fairly empty -RRB- and he resorted to chewing . Before I could take the ball away , he had cracked it in several places . This toy is not at ALL durable if your dog likes to chew . I 'm really disappointed . Will stick with theEverlasting Fun Ball LargeandStarMark Bob-A-Lot Interactive Pet Toy , as they seem to be much more durable .
 due to the nature of the opening where you drop in the snacks , there is a well created within the ball -LRB- i had to feel around the inside of the ball because my dog was getting frustrated from not being able to get the treats out and he is a smart dog -RRB- . the treats sit in the well and would n't fall out of the ball when you move it around as the toy description says . i shook it all over the place and still could n't get all of the treats out . wo n't recommend this product .
 Neither dog even gave it the time of day , even when filled with treats . Then after shaking it for 10 mins trying to get the treats out they would n't even eat the treats ... It has such a strong scent that it masks the scent of the treat and stays on the treats afterward ...
 My 12 lb poodle mix destroyed this ball in less than an hour . The concept is what I have been hoping for.However , no company seems to be willing to make it out of better material . It just needs to be madewith a better plastic/rubber material . It does keep your dog very busy , but then it gets ripped apart tooquickly .
 This ball is terrible . My dog had it ripped into pieces in minutes . The starmark treat dispensing ball is MUCH better -- she 's never destroyed those -LRB- although after a few months , they invariably get lost -RRB- . We bought this ball after the last starmark was lost -- big mistake .
 This is a great concept . The ball looks fun , the dents in it make it easy for a dog to pick up and toss around . However , it is not made to withstand even moderate chewing . The second my dog got a hold of it she decided that rolling it around to get the treats out was for chumps . Within 2 minutes she had chewed through the sides and got them out her way . So the ball goes into the trash along with all the little pieces that she chewed off of it . She normally is n't a terrible chewer , but this ball really did n't stand up too well against her .
 Our medium-sized -LRB- 45 pound -RRB- terrier tore this into bits in about 15-20 minutes . This might be a fine toy for smaller or older dogs , but I would n't recommend it for a strong chewer .
 I had high hopes for this product after reading the reviews . I have an Australian Shepherd Mix . I gave the ball to her for Christmas and by 10 am it was already chewed through to make her own treat hole . Not for heavy chewers , I showed her how to push around the ball and also that treats would fall out . She pushed for a few minutes and I guess figured chewing it was more fun . Unfortunately , had to throw it away .
 We purchased another treat ball a few months ago , and our dog adored it . Sadly , it was chewed up by a larger dog he was visiting for the weekend . We ordered a replacement ball , but this one 's different : - The material is softer , and it 's not nearly as robust as the previous model . The kibble chute is more flexible , which could be a plus if you wanted to pick bits of kibble out by hand . However , we had no problem giving the old one a few shakes and getting the last few pieces out . I 've seen a lot of reviews complaining about the ball being attacked by heavy chewers -LRB- not a problem with our fella , yet -RRB- , and I fear this one will be even more prone to that problem . - The kibble hole is bigger and more obviously marked . This is a plus in the sense that it 's easier to find -LRB- before , you might have to turn the ball around a few times to find the opening -RRB- , but I can see our dog has already find out he can more easily fit his lower teeth into the hole for chewing . I also have a feeling the kibble will come out MUCH faster with this one . This would defeat the two main benefits of the ball for us
 It does n't work unless you fill it pretty full , then it dumps a lot of crumbs and food . If you fill it with treats a little larger than their food size , then they do n't come out at all . How do you clean the thing ? It has an internal rim that prevents you from being able to clean it or get the remaining food out.I am so disappointed . My dog hates it worse than I do . She loves toys and challenges , but this does not constitute either.Don ' t waste your money on the ball or the shipping !
 This tricky treat ball is made of very soft plastic and the 60 lb dog ripped a chuck off of it the first day . Maybe it would be good for a smaller dog .
 Loved the idea , but the ball material was too soft and pliable and my lab mix ripped the ball apart in half a day . One day I will probably buy her another one but not put treats inside because she loved the ball itself .
 The ball is not designed correctly . The treats do get stuck up there really well ... so well in fact I had difficulty trying to get them out . After my dog gave up I wanted to get the treats out so they would n't be stale . It took me forever to shake out the kibble . It would be better if the ball screwed and unscrewed together .
 This ball is made of soft material . From the picture , it looks like a harder , more durable material . My dog had chewed this to bits in no time .
 We purchased this product based on the highly positive reviews we read here on Amazon . Our dog , Oscar , loves frozen Kongs , the Busy Body Squirrel , as well as the Bob-a-Lot and Kong Wobbler -LRB- basically anything that makes him work a little to get his food -RRB- . However , he did not like this toy at all.We use the other toys to get him to slow down as he eats . Oscar is a 9-month old Laborador Retriever , and since he was about 4 months old he has scarfed his food down in seconds -LRB- only to become bored very quickly after -RRB- . So very early we began to explore ways to make feeding time fun and a little challenging for him.We filled the Tricky Treat Ball with his food , just like the other treats , and put it on the floor and waited for him to seize upon the new toy -LRB- like he does with other treat systems -RRB- . Instead he pushed it and then ignored it.The problem is that the food/treats do not reliably dispense -- it is basically a ball with a very long cylindrical piece attached to the entry -LRB- like a long tube that goes down into the ball -RRB- . The dog really would have to turn this over and over and over to get treats to roll out . It has no weighting to it -LRB- like the Kong Wobbler or the Bob-a-Lot -RRB- , so it just kind of randomly works . I think it makes it less of a ` puzzle ' to figure out as the dispensing pattern is infrequent and random -LRB- and most often actions result in ` no treat ' delivered -RRB- . Hope this review helps . I do see a lot of dogs like this , so it may have to do with how your dog is used to ` working ' for treats.Woof !
 This toy seemed great at first until my weimeraner got upset that the treats would not come out and ripped a large chunk out of the opening within the first 10 minutes .
 This treat ball is NOT worth buying.I 'm interested in every treat toy I can find because I use them to feed my dog . I do n't use a bowl to feed him , instead I divide his meals between a few treat toys so he can `` hunt '' , use up some of his excess energy , & help to slow him down while eating so he does n't eat too fast . He LOVES his treat toys!I thought this would be a great treat toy BUT once the kibble was in it was near impossible to get out , especially if it was only partially filled . I even had trouble getting it out & my dog found it near impossible although he tried & tried . This is because there is a rim around the inside of the treat hole that traps kibble rather than letting it bounce around & fall out as my dog rolled it around . He could have , & did , roll it around for an hour trying to get food out w/o much success.Save your money on this & purchase something better for your pup .
 I really had high hopes for this one.My dog had a hole chewed in this in literally 5 minutes ... disappointing . . If your dog does n't destroy things quickly , it 'll probably be a great toyfor them ...
 In less than a day our Labradoodle and Pit mix were able to chew through the ball to get the treats . Until that , though , it worked well .
 I have a chocolate lab and I got this for her when she was 6 months . It did not even last 24 hours . She had it in pieces and chewed through all the rubber and then I had to go around and find a whole bunch of little orange stuff everywhere . Fun toy , but not for agressive chewers .
 my chocolate Lab played for about 15 minutes then proceded to chew a large hole in it to get the food out ... not indestructible !!!!
 The snacks fall out too easily as it is just an open hole but my dog enjoys pushing it around the room.Much prefer the cube .
 The dog loved this toy when I gave it to him to play with before Christmas . The dog however is a strong chewer and it only took 15 minutes before he decided to chew a hole to get the treats out instead of rolling it around on the floor . It was a pricy toy for one day use so I would suggest they put a rating on it for chewers .
 These were very expensive -LRB- we got 2 of them -RRB- . Gave for Christmas presents and the dogs have already chewed holes in them -LRB- 3 days later -RRB- . I would not recommend this product . Needs to be made of more sturdy rubber .
 Omega Paw Tricky Treat Ball , LargeHad the original Tricky Treat Ball and it lasted 61/2 years . When it finally gave out ordered this one , the newest , and it lasted about 1 hour . Not made of the same strong rubber , whole too big , my dog got his bottom jaw stuck in it . Threw it out within 2 hours of arriving .
 We purchased this at the same time as the `` hide a squirrel '' toy , and that toy beats this one hands down . Maybe I will have to find the `` correct '' size food , but I seem to find too big or two small food/treats . So all the dog has to do is roll this across the floor , and he 's left with a trail of kibble ... that he may or may not eat . The food comes out way too easily . I Thought there would be a challenge , but about 75 % of the time , the food will fall out of this ball with one push . THe ball is stinky , smells strongly of plastic and chemicals ... its loud , and a waste of money . I will try again , with some different treats , but I am disappointed .
 The toy was great at first for our pitbull . She could n't figure it out for a while . Once I showed it to her , it seemed to be almost too easy . She had it down and emptied it of treats in a minute or two . Once empty , she was convinced there had to be more treats inside and proceeded to rip it open at the hole by giving it a few good chews and tugs . We were really happy with it at first since she seemed to like the toy and it kept her busy but it is n't durable enough for heavy chewers . I also think it dispenses treat a tad too easily .
 This is n't a good toy for chewers , the plastic is too soft.Unfortunately , my dog likes food puzzle toys . She is already a masterKONGsolver , and recently got a `` Premier Twist 'N Treat '' . Both involve chewing the toy . We have been trying to train our dog to roll the Tricky Treat ball . We have NOT left her alone with it so it is still in one piece . Unfortunately , because all her existing food puzzles involve chewing the treats out of the toy , she is having trouble figuring this one out . She keeps trying to chew it , and wo n't try to roll it . The main design flaw in my opinion is that it is made out of very soft plastic , and even light chewing will very quickly destroy it . Something like a `` Buster Food Cube '' , which I believe is made out of more durable plastic , is probably a way better version of this style of toy . However , the Buster Cube is hard to find in stores.Bottom line
 So this toy looked like it had a lot of potential but my little dog chewed it to bits the second time I gave it to her . She is n't particularly rough on her toys either . Most of her stuff lasts a while . Also , it says `` hours of fun '' but she could get all her treats out in a matter of minutes . Save your money , buy a kong or something similar .
 Yup , the other reviews about heavy chewers are correct . If your dog regularly chews through most toys , they may make quick work of the Tricky Treat Ball if left unsupervised . I left my 8 month old pit/hound alone with it for less than 5 minutes and she found an unfortunately fast solution for getting to the treats
 I bought the small Omega Trick Ball and can honestly say it 's the worst treat dispenser I 've purchased . : - -LRB- Basically , it 's an overpriced piece of plastic ; has nothing interesting in the design , except for the `` bubble design '' on the exterior.There are a lot better options out there for a few more dollars , such as the Tug-a-Jug , Dog Pyramid , Buster Cube , and plain ol' Kong ... all available on Amazon.com.I seldom regret buying my dog anything , but this toy is a total waste of hard-earned money . This is a total ripoff.Spend a few more dollars and buy something truly worthwhile .
 The good news is that my 11 month old , 15 lb . puppy loved it . However , he managed to chew off a chunk of the plastic in roughly five hours of supervised on-again , off-again play . So I had to throw it in the trash on the same day that it arrived - how disappointing .
 It lasted just over an hour from delivery to having the entire bottom chewed to pieces.Cannot recommend this product as the material is far too soft and easy to destroy.It would be great if it were made from a better quality rubber -LRB- like kong toys -RRB- .
 I bought the ball to slow down my pound puppy 's ravenous appetite . I love the ball for feeding as it does stop rolling with the indents in the ball and limits the amount dispersed , but it IS NOT CHEW PROOF . My yellow lab loves to knock it around and get the food out , but when the food does n't come out , she chews at it and now it has much larger holes in it and the food comes out easily . I would like a `` More chew proof '' toy . It lasted about 2 weeks before she figured out to chew it apart and the food comes out . Would like a ball that lasts longer than this one .
 I purchased this Treat Ball to entertain our 7 month old Bernese Mountain Dog while she recovers from being spayed . It arrived today -LRB- quick shipping -RRB- , and we popped it open and filled it with kibble . We set it rolling on the floor , and the kibble fell out in big glumps . Our dogged stepped over the kibble , nosed the ball across the floor , watched more kibble fall out , and walked away . Sooooooooooo not a lot of stimulation there . Now , granted Bernese are not hugely food motivated , but she spends tons of time playing with her Busy BuddyPremier Pet Waggle Dog Toy , Medium/Large . The waggle toy is adjustable for different size treats , and my dog picks it up and throws it around for 15 minutes or so at a time . I suggest going with the waggle toy for a more stimulating toy . I wo n't bother to return this because it just does n't make sense with the shipping costs . I 'll look for some giant treats to fill it with , perhaps that will at least get her to pay attention for a few minutes .
 I loved the concept of this . Anything to keep my Lab busy for awhile . Unfortunately within 15 min my dog had chewed through the ball to get the treats . I wish the ball was made of sturdier plastic or hard rubber . I guess that 's what I get for ten bucks . Wish it would have worked for me .
 Before even opening the packaging , I could smell the stench of chemical off this toy . Dogs having 40x the smell sense of humans , I can not imagine the assault on their noses . It may likely even cause the treats placed inside to have an altered taste as well.The design of the ball is one solid peice of soft plastic . You can not take it apart for cleaning ; if simply rinsing out with water and soap , good luck getting all of the water out . You have to wait for it to dry completely before using . And since it ca n't be cleaned , you 're stuck using hard , crunchy treats as anything else is certain to spoil or contaminate the inside.Good in theory , but design poorly executed and seemingly low quality materials used to produce -LRB- made in China ! -RRB-
 My 20 lb miniature pincher ate through this toy in 10 minutes . Do not get this for a dog who likes to chew . I 've had much better luck with the hard plastic food puzzle toys . The ball itself is soft and does n't make noise when it rolls -- might be fine for a different kind of dog .
 I was VERY disappointed ! My 1 year old pup had this toy destroyed within 5 minutes ! Would not recommend for a chewer !
 At first the pair I got for my dogs -LRB- got 2 balls -RRB- looked like a toy they enjoyed ... then the next day they became toys I did n't enjoy - instead of nudging the ball to get the treats out , one of them found out it was easier to just chew a hole through them and stick his head in to get the goods out . End of the day . I have 2 balls with large chewed out holes and a dog pooping out orange plastic ...
 My Shih-Tsu mix chewed a hole into it in less than 30 minutes . Yes I bought the small size , but I really thought it could withstand the chewing of a small dog ... . Would not recommend this to anyone . It is not made for any dog .
 I got this for my Weimaraner and Black Lab puppy . I took it out of the package , filled it with treats and tossed it to the pups . 30 minutes later it had a hole it in large enough for the dog to stick his whole snout in and just eat the treats that way.Might be good for smaller dogs or dogs that are n't chewers , but for larger dogs this ball just is n't tough enough . It 's soft plastic and I have little pieces of it all over the house .
 Recommended by others owning Greyhounds , but inside of 7 minutes the dog had chewed gashes in the ball enough to ensure that with more chewing he would be eating orange plastic chunks as well as kibble . Not sturdy enough at all !! Returning this item , very disappointed .
 took less than 5 minutes for my dog to just chew up the ball rather than try to work it out . Also very tricky - needs a lot of treats in it to make the toy work properly for the dog . She just did n't find it enough fun to try to figure this one - and with a long list of tricks and recognized phrases , shes a smart dog .
 I am a trainer and recommended this product in my classes and to private clients since I found it to be one of the most amazing work-to-eat puzzles on the block ... and yes , I had tried them all . I have three highly motivated pit bulls and two of them are heavy chewers . However , I would give them the Omega and knew how long it would take them to work all of the treats out of it , so would remove it or refill it after said time . This was a fun and highly motivating toy since the kibble would fly out initially and then take longer to fall out due to the cone shapes acting as stoppers on the inside the of ball . Amazing fun for the motivated dog.However , the company ` upgraded ' -LRB- ? -RRB- the design and made the hole in the top larger and the materials much easier to chew . What a let down ! I actually purchased two of the new version and have not even opened the second one , and rarely use the first one . Actually , I have an old design that I still use even though it is pretty shabby now . The new design basically allows the treats to fall out without the dog having to do anything . I may as well just toss the kibble/treats on the kitchen floor!I was so disappointed that I contacted the company but they were not really interested in my opinion . Of course , I would assume the opinion of a trainer who recommended this particular puzzle to everyone would mean something -LRB- especially since all my trainer friends did the same -RRB- . Now , I just give people a list of recommended puzzles and mention the Omega and also tell them all the things that are wrong with the new version.In the end , this particular puzzle would only be good for the dog that gives up easily , or the less than smart pooch who might still think it is a challenge.So , I give this version 1 star , but the old design a definite 5 stars !
 I bought this for my collie along with 5 other toys . He loves just about everything , but wo n't touch this . As another reviewer mentioned , it has a very strong plastic smell that is overpowering . Even with the treats in it it smells like plastic . Then , after a few days the treats began to turn rancid and really stink . There is no way to get the treats out or clean it . I tried everything short of drilling a hole in it . I do not see how anyone could give this anything more than a three . This was a waste of money .
 I bought a case of 12 only to find that my dogs can destroy this thing in 5 minutes flat . I placed dry food inside , which came out relatively easily as it rolled - however my 3 labs are very adept at these kinds of toys . After it was empty , they each easily tore through the plastic to look inside . Not fun ... On a plus side , the orange plastic is easy to spot to clean up . Unfortunately , this ball proved too big for my mother 's small dog - which leaves me to wonder - what 's the perfect dog for this thing ? However , we really like the soft feature , which is nice for inside non-carpeted play . A medium sized dog that is not an aggressive chewer would be the perfect candidate for this toy . For aggressive chewers or sharp-teeth puppies the Buster Food Cube is a better choice and comes in multiple sizes .
 What a waste ! I do n't even consider my dog a heavy chewer and she has other toys that have lasted for a long time . But not this toy . It was chewed into little orange bits in mere minutes . I would have sent it back the day after receiving it , but it was n't worth the hassle . Received the Everlasting Treat Ball -LRB- large -RRB- the same day , and it is still in one piece and keeps her occupied for hours .
 My 18 lb. , 18 month old puppy destroyed this item within half an hour . I was very disappointed and felt that it was a waste of money .
 This toy was too soft for my serious chewer . My dog had a hole in this in about ten minutes . If you have a dog that is not a chewer it will be fine .
 Our dog had a similar ball to this one for about 5 years and it was his favorite toy ever and after 5 years of daily chewing never once left a hole or loose plastic pieces . When we went looking for a replacement , we found this item . This item looks almost identical to the one we had for 5 years , but this one is made of soft , easily-removed-by-dog plastic and only lasted about 3 weeks before we had to take it away from him because we were concerned that he would swallow the plastic that was easily coming off as he chewed it . We ordered another one and after only a few weeks , we will be tossing this one as well . Our dog is less than 20 pounds and is 13 years old and had no problem chewing this ball apart very quickly . This is not a safe toy for your dog . This item easily presents a choking hazard for dogs and I would NOT recommend purchasing it .
 Love the concept of this toy and thought it would be a nice change from the standard kongs my pups get . Unfortunately , the first day I left it with my girl , she put two holes in it . The next day , she turned it into a bowl . I guess she prefers efficiency to finess .
 I ordered two of these treat balls ; one for my dog and one for a friends puppy . I gave the ball to my dog , watched her play with it for a few minutes then she took it into another room and within five minutes it was in tiny pieces on the floor ! The rubber is not durable for dogs ! It was a total waste of money ! Great concept , but terrible quality !
 My two weimaraners shredded the ball within minutes . What a waste . DO NOT BUY if your dog is a chewer . Also , not meant for use with kibble ... comes out in handfuls .
 The hole is much too large for most kibbled dog food . I bought this as a replacement for a lost feeding ball looks the same as the one in the picture . They are not the same . The hole in this new ball is much larger . It used to take Rusty about ten minutes to empty his old ball , but only about a quick minute for this one.The whole point is for the treat ball to be `` tricky '' , as in this ball 's name . There 's no trick and no fun in this one .
 My standard poodles chewed through this flimsy thing in about 20 minutes . I wish I could have my money back !
 We had this toy for three days , and left our dog for 5 minutes and she chewed a hole through the side . She is really tough on her toys , and chews through most of them within a day .
 So yesterday after about a month of having this toy and my dog never playing with it I had to fish out the stale dog treats and it was a pain . The dog can not get the treats out easy enough and he got bored after a couple minutes . I think this toy should be redone with a better way for owners to get the treats out that the dog does not get and make treats simpler to get out so the dog stays interested . I 'm sure this toy is fine for some dogs but in my house we are not a fan .
 Perfect size ball , perfect size hole , bad material . Might work great if your dog never chews . Mine did and destroyed it in the first hour .
 I am a pet sitter and just wanted to remind people that if this ball has only one hole in it , a dog biting down on it can create a vacuum and the dog 's tongue can get sucked in and the dog will not be able to pull the ball off . I have seen a heartbreaking case of a large dog that 's tongue got sucked into the ball and before anyone noticed , the tissue had died and the dog 's tongue had to be amputated . Please be sure this ball has at least two openings in the boy before giving it to your pet . Make sure there is no vacuum created if the one hole is stopped up . Save you pet from permanent damage .
 The strong smell of rubber is nauseating and has persisted for a few weeks already -LRB- despite repeated washing of the ball -RRB- . Also , my dogs are not really interested in this toy because , depending on the size of treats , they can be nearly impossible to get out.Glad to read other dogs tend to like it though .
 My lab chewed it apart the first time he played with it . What a waste of money ! I should have just bought a Buster Cube in the first place !
 Our golden retriever chewed pieces off this ball in five minutes . It went directly to the trash . We picked up little bits of orage ball off the carpet .
 I have a Boston Terrier and this toy simply would not hold up to slight play . In less than 30 minutes he had busted around the hole where you insert treats . I was very disappointed with this item .
 My 45 lb Basset Hound / Australian Shepherd ate this right up after about 5 minutes ... bummer ! He did love it while it lasted though , so if your dog does n't chew , it * might * work . I ordered this ball because a friend of ours has one just like it that my dog loves , but that one was a harder plastic -LRB- same shape and color though , so I assumed it was the same -RRB- . Guess we 'll try another tricky toy !
 How do you clean this if the dog takes it outside , gets water in it and the treats gets moldy ? Impossible!We love the ball , but we are on our fourth one because we ca n't clean the inside out.If you purchase this , DO NOT let your dog take it outside !
 This works fine for dispensing treats , but it has a very bad , sort of sweet plastic smell that you can smell several feet away . Did n't seem to bother the dog any , but it was very unpleasant for people . I 've had it for about three weeks now and the smell is diminished but still not completely gone .
 My dog really loved this toy but I found that I could n't trust him to be alone with it because he would begin to chew it . The rubber it is made out of is not hard enough and a heavy chewer can chew through in a few minutes . Watching him and telling him to roll it and not chew it helped , but I did n't ever leave him alone with it . After playing with it a few times he did manage to chew open the ball . Its a great entertaining toy if your dog is not a strong chewer , but if he is I would recommend finding something else , especially if the goal is to entertain your dog while you are away .
 After reading the reviews , I decided to give this product a shot with my 1yr old Am Staff mix . Filled it with kibble , all was well for about 15 seconds . When he realized there was food inside and it was n't coming out fast enough , he chewed a hole in this item in about 5 minutes flat . Several reviewers have said this was better than the Kong Stuff-A-Ball , but to be honest , he did the exact same thing to that item too . Chewed off the flaps that are supposed to hold the treats inside . I would highly recommend against purchasing this item for any of the `` bully breed '' dogs , as if they 're anything like mine , it wo n't even last a day .
 This toy only last about three hours with my boxer mix . She quickly figured that it would be easier to rip the thing open than to roll it around to get at the treats . As stated , she only had it for about three hours before it was destroyed . It might work well for a smaller dog , but I would n't advise getting it for a big dog .
 Dog never touches it . Try to get her interested , but no luck . Usually loves balls .
 My dog Emma loved the Omega Paw Tricky Treat ball ; and it succumbed to her devotion in short order and now lies in pieces on the carpet . Emma is admittedly qualified to be the ultimate tester for the durability of dog toys . She was able to rip the top off a Kong within minutes The one toy that Emma has loved more than any other , and it does n't have even the tiniest bit of damage after 6 months of her ardent attention
 The concept of this ball is great . My dog loved it and quickly figured out she could roll it around to get treats . However as soon as she started to chew on it -LRB- even though we got the larger size so she could n't chomp down too hard -RRB- she managed to destroy it within 10 minutes . I had to throw it out so she did n't choke on the plastic pieces she was ripping off . I was really hoping this would be more like the green `` everlasting '' treat ball that we have had for years and is still in one piece . My dog has gotten so good at that one that I was looking for a new challenge , but that did n't work out .
 We bought this for our 9-year-old black lab , and she chewed through it in minutes . The treat dispensing was far too slow for her , so she got impatient . Once she got her teeth maneuvered into the dispensing hole , it was over for this ball . The rubber has little stretch to it , so she just tore it up.I 'm also not sure what kind of treats would have really worked for this . We tried baby carrots , crunchy milk bones -LRB- the small ones with marrow inside -RRB- , broken up dog biscuits , kibble -LRB- hers is the size of peas -RRB- , and broccoli florets . None of it really came out . The design of the ball is such that a tube goes into the hollow ball , ending about 2/3 of the way into the ball . That 's really not enough room for the treats to get into the tube and get out of the ball . Plus the treats get caught on the sides of the tube and wo n't fall out.It 's also a pain to wash , because you ca n't shake all of the water out due to the design.We bought our lab a Premier Pet Waggle Dog Toy a few days ago , and that is a much better treat dispenser for a heavy chewer . With the Waggle Toy , you can control the rate of treat dispensing , and the rubber material is so stretchy and pliant even our dog ca n't bite through it . I 'd recommend the Waggle Toy over the Omega Ball in pretty much any case .
 I bought two treat dispensing toys . I have two Airedales and they both were excited by this toy and wanted to play with it even after the treats were gone . However , within minutes , my `` chewer '' had rendered it useless . The large kong is still intact and enjoyed . I previously had a Bobs a Lot and that lasted for many months until the chewer got the top off and chewed the neck of it . Really wish the Omega ball was longer lasting . It had great potential .
 My dog is 30 pounds , she tore this up like it was paper . This is not something you put a treat for a dog that can tear things up .
 My dog likes bully sticks , raw hides , pig ears , treats and bones . She is not picky . But for some reason she did not like these bones . I did n't like them either because they made a mess in the house .
 If you are looking for a frisbee to throw and catch with your dog outside - might want to keep looking . Cute toy for inside , though .
 Like a few other reviewers , I also received a product that is different than what is being depicted on Amazon . The toothbrush , toothpaste and soft finger brush are there , but in the place where it shows the stack of doggy mints , there is another identical soft finger brush . I ca n't fathom why I would want two of them . In addition to the picture being inaccurate , the product description on this page clearly states
 This Product came to my home and i was happy but when i opened it i noticed that there was no mints for the dog just another toothbrush they didnt tell me they were going to give me a diffrent product buyers beware
 I was disappointed with this purchase . The small finger brushes were SO small , they would not even start to fit my finger . I even tried my pinkie -LRB- little -RRB- finger . No way ! Also , the chewable breath mints were not there . The toothbrush is ok , but my dog does not like the toothpaste at all .
 Whomever makes guinea pig food with Alfa-Alfa is not very knowledgeable about the piggie diet . Alfa-Alfa has calcium in it . Eventually the calcium builds up in their bladder and gives them bladder stones -LRB- which tend to be painful to pass -RRB- , and `` sludge '' in their urine -LRB- also uncomfortable if there is too much of it -RRB- . The best Guinea Pig food is Oxbow . It has no Alfa Alfa or small seeds -LRB- which are a choking hazard -RRB- .
 I bought the Pink Medium from another seller here on Amazon for $ 6.95 . I bought a Pink Small on eBay for $ 6.99 . I also bought 2 blue medium ones on eBay for $ 14.99 with free shipping , total price , less than $ 30 for all 4 . Look elsewhere to get a better price . To rate the shirt , the doggie sweatshirt is perfect ! I have 4 Maltese , 1 small female , 2 9 pound males and an 11 pound mommy . The picture of the dogs wearing these looks almost the same as my dogs when they are wearing them . I can not say how many times they are complimented at the off leash park . Everyone that sees them just smiles and says , `` Cute ! '' The legs fit snug and the belly gives the dog room to breath . The little boys have a tendency of getting the underbelly wet , so I have sewn up the belly part so it does n't get wet any more . With the rainy season here , the weather can be a bit chilly and this keeps my little ones warm . If you want something practical , warm and well-fitting with good quality sewing and machine washable , get this , but go to another seller . Do n't pay this ridiculous price of $ 1,000 . I do n't think this seller really wants to sell .
 The box or flat type container is not very handy to use . It wants to collapse on you . The better idea for this item is the triangular box they make that stays open . As for the product , it works great , it trapped the moths and eliminated them from my house .
 I live where the water is so soft there 's almost no minerals in it at all . Maintaining a Ph of 7.0 was difficult but possible , but my snails had the white pitting and my guppy had fin rot that he contracted during the time when I was totally new to fish keeping and did n't understand how important it is to snails and guppies to keep the Ph at or above 7.0 . I had finally got the situation under control . My guppy 's fins were regenerating and my snails had new shell growth that was healthy.Then I made the grave mistake of trying this product . Aloe vera ? So what . Looked like a stupid gimmick . Since when do fish need aloe vera ? Do we need to pull them out of the tank and rub moisturizing cream on them too ? How about some Lubriderm?Anyway , shortly after switching to this product my Ph crashed to 6.0 . My guppy 's fins started rotting and got worse than ever , and the healthy growth on my snails that survived me climbing the learning curve last Summer now have white calcified shell damage . I do n't even recognize the two I named just a few months ago!I was doing emergency water changes morning and evening just to keep the Ph at about 6.4 . -LRB- My tap water is totally soft , but comes out of the tap at PH of about 7.2 -RRB- . My hands got raw and cracked because I was washing my hands so much after working with the tank so much.I asked myself what had changed when this started , and the only thing I came up with was switching to this aloe vera stress coat . Then I looked up aloe vera juice on the Internet and found it has a Ph of 3.5 to 5.0 depending on where I looked . Wow , I thought , maybe putting something with Ph that low in the tank could throw the whole Ph down quite a bit.I bought some Tetra brand stress coat and did a few more water changes -LRB- some cracks in hands bleeding now , maybe MY hands could use some aloe vera !! -RRB- and soon the Ph climbed back up to 6.8 . I did two emergency salt dips for the guppy , whose fin rot had begun on his body too . It looks like the rot has been halted . The damage has been done to my snails . Maybe once I get this under control I 'll have time to just stare at the tank a while and figure out who is who again through all the shell damage.So , thanks API for putting my fish and snails through hell . Brilliant idea mixing a super low Ph substance in with water conditioner . Did you test this thoroughly before you put it into production ? Anyway , I could rant further but I think it 's time to rub some Vaseline moisture lotion on my cloud fish . They really need to chill out .
 This sounds like a great toy in theory and if anyone would make this with quality materials it would be a great seller , this however is made with cheap plastic , there is not a casting function , and the string is not long enough to cast the mouse anywhere , fully extended it would make a good dangle toy . I thought about cutting the string and adding more , but I do n't feel I should have to make improvements just to have a less than adequate toy .
 before you buy consider arm room for dog . What 's needed is stretch knit arms . My dog could n't walk well .
 One must put front legs through sleeves , very difficult to do and uncomfortable for the dog . Over all bad design .
 Material is real cheap !!! Doesnt keep my baby warm ! I need to put a sweater on her under the coat !! To keeo her from shaking !
 Water easily gets trapped underneath this mat . I bought this mat because it was large enough to hold two very large feeding bowls for my German Shepherd . I could n't find another mat that size that could contain a mess . The water trapped under the mat has caused my wood floors some damage . I am currently looking for something better .
 This product stinks chemicals so strong - when I just opened the package , my poor dog rushed to the other room and barked ! I hung this coat outside in the backyard for already two weeks , tried to wash the stink away - nothing works ! It smells like naftalin and causes headache and seasick . Biological weapon of mass distruction !
 Just received the item . Very cute coat , BUT the package and the coat smell mothball/chemical so intensely . I got nauseated from just opening it ! I will not put this on my pet . So unfortunate because it looks like something we could use . I even thought of soaking it in soap or something to take the smell off . But , reading others ' reviews , I may just as well return the coat . Why does it smell so bad ??? DO N'T BUY !!!
 I have washed this coat many times and ca n't get the smell of moth balls out of the garment , yuck !
 Dog would n't accept wearing it . It was a little hard to get on my schnauzer and the size was n't as good a fit as I thought . I had measured him for it and hoped it would work . He 's fussy .
 I am giving this two stars solely on the strong odor this coat has . It is actually the second one I ordered . The first was a size small and my puppy just got bigger so its coverage was not great . The first coat was a thicker , heavier vinyl that had no odor . This medium coat is a completely different material . It is much thinner even though they were both Guardian Gear coats . They did come from two different suppliers . The coats are identical in look but the heavy burnt plastic smell that this coat has is ridiculous . When I got it I immediately noticed the smell but thought it would fade . I hung it in my garage where it has been for a couple of weeks . We had rain today so I actually used it for the first time . After our walk I brought the coat in the house to dry . It stunk up my entire kitchen and I had to put it back in the garage . Apparently the manufacturer uses different materials but they have identical descriptions here on Amazon . I am really disappointed with this product because it is a great coat and fits really well .
 This product is unusable because it does n't fit my dog and the `` merchant '' has made it more costly to return the item than it would be to keep it . So I am stuck with a dog raincoat that is too big for my dog . I will never purchase from this `` merchant '' again .
 Purchased the jacket for my Afghan Hound . Very disappointed to see the product was made you know where . The XXL length was good but the girth was gigantic . Even with the chintzy velcro tie as tight as it could be cinched , the belt was hanging loose . I have 3 Afghans and the jacket was swimming on my chunky one . Aside from size problems , I did not feel there was much quality here for the money . Sent it back and got the usual top notch service from Amazon in the return process .
 This coat is a nice heavy weight rain coat , but it has a terrible odor that did n't go away after 24 hrs and it stunk up my entire kitchen . My dog would not let me put it on her !! I am sending it back .
 Really wish this had worked out . The smell is absolutely horrible . We hung it outside in the fresh air under our patio umbrella for 3 days . The smell is so strong , it still stinks up the entire house & gives me a headache . Tried washing it in the machine on gentle . Still smells like gasoline . When is the deadline to return it ? We can not keep this in the house .
 Do not buy this product !!! The raincoat has a terrible , offensive odor in it . Airing it out , or washing it will not remove the odor . It is in the fabric and smells similar to strong camphor-mothballs . I wish I could return it and get my money back . This is an item I should have purchased at a locale pet store !
 My review of this was not posted . After the receipt of this coat , we noticed an aggressively foul smell in the house . We traced it to the jacket . At the time of my last posting -LRB- 3 days -RRB- hanging it outside to airout had not worked . It has now been at least a week , and things are not better . I would NEVER put this toxic junk on an animal . Caveat emptor !
 This dog rain coat is good for the fit , however , it has a very chemical odor to it . My dog only wore it once . He even had the chemical odor on his coat after wearing it .
 I received this rain coat and I like the coat . But it smelled of kerocene or some kind of fuel that almost made me sick . It is saturated in something . I do n't know if you had it setting in a location that smelled of some type of fuel or what happened to it but it smells sickening . I could not possibly put this on my dog to wear . I am disgusted that I paid for this item . It is totally unusable and not worth even shipping back . It smells so bad it needs to be thrown out . Only you know where you had this item sitting and why it smells like kerocene or whatever fuel smell is saturated on it to make it smell like this . I would never purchase anything from you again .
 Need to order one size larger , but is made well , collor good , no smell from mine , just need to return for next size up .
 This coat does not fit the head of the dogs good and I was not happy because the coat it self is great quality but they just do n't make the hood large enough . So the dogs heads get wet . These coats are probably good for small dogs not medium dogs like mine I even ordered a larger size . I had to ship back the size that they say would fit my dogs . Not to happy with them .
 The raincoat looks great , but it has a strong chemical smell which is sickening . I 've had it hanging outside for 36 hours but the odor is still too strong for the dog and me . I may have to return it .
 This coat is not a rain coat , it is a windbreaker . My dog was completely wet after we went out in the rain , and so was the inside lining of the coat . It did not keep the water off him at all and it soaked through to his back.As far as the fit , the belt was too long like others said , so I had to cut it down and cut down the front flap so he would n't trip over it . Had I not done that I could have returned it , now it 's too late . I felt so bad for my poor fella . I would n't have made him stay outside for so long if I knew he was getting so wet .
 I was initially more pleased than not with this raincoat . Although the hood was not very well designed -LRB- the connecting piece is not long enough for the hood to remain secure on my dog 's head -RRB- he hates hoods anyway and would have shaken it off even if it did fit securely . The leg elastics were useful when they worked . They kept the coat in place in high winds.HOWEVER ... My dog has worn this coat for barely two months and it is already showing signs of wear and tear . The leg elastics are completely worn . While that would be an easy fix , the wear on the vinyl is not . The vinyl is so worn in several places that the white underlay is visible . I am particularly disappointed because my dog 's previous raincoat which is at least two years old is still wearable . The older coat is in much better condition than this one !
 I ordered this raincoat for my Pomeranian . He 's a peanut . I do n't know if it fits , as the ODOR of this garment is so repulsive , that we can not get close enough to try it on . We 've hung it outside to `` air '' out . It 's day three and we still ca n't get close enough to try it on . Anything with such a rank smell after three days would be toxic to a seven pound animal . It goes in the trash .
 before you buy consider arm room for dog . What 's needed is stretch knit arms . My dog could n't walk well .
 One must put front legs through sleeves , very difficult to do and uncomfortable for the dog . Over all bad design .
 Material is real cheap !!! Doesnt keep my baby warm ! I need to put a sweater on her under the coat !! To keeo her from shaking !
 Amazon !! Please allow users zero or negative ratings on products !! ___________________________________________________________________________ Never !! Please , never ever use this product!We have two beautiful healthy young dogs -LRB- 4-5 yrs -RRB- , with a pristine health record -LRB- until hartz of course -RRB- . They get premium food - Timberwolf Organics , Acana , Origen , Blue -LRB- I mention this because poor diet is often associated with illness in your pawsy companions -RRB- . We had new neighbors with dogs move in a few weeks ago and my little one had started itching a bit . I was going to order frontline from petmeds and instead picked this up in a split second decision while walking out from Wallys . My logic being , `` hey if it does n't work , I can still order the Frontline '' . Plus it was priced at only $ 5.99 On Saturday evening , I showered the girls and applied this on my itchy one . The next day my dog started showing signs of minor epileptic shocks - yelping in her sleep ... yes I do know about dog dreaming , but these dreams , if they were that , were , with shock , pain and disorientation . Since it was Sunday , our regular vet was unavailable . We had no idea how serious this was about to become ! That night , convinced that she was having a series of bad dreams we made sure she slept close to us on the bed . The episodes continued that whole night , a couple of hours apart.Next morning I noticed some swelling on her snout and one of her eyes . There was also a red spot on her belly . By that time we had read other peoples reviews on this product and were shocked that this poison is still put out for unsuspecting consumers !! Alarmed we called the local emergency care and described her symptoms . They urge us to rush her there . By the time we reached the hospital , my baby had gone into an anaphylactic shock . She had petechiae all over her abdomen and she was swollen all over!She was hospitalized after she was stabilized with steroids , antihistamine and antibioticts . Our woes did not end there though . I can go into more details , but I feel it suffices to tell you all that after about four thousand dollars and a homeopathic detox program , we were finally able to get her close to normal . After about a month and a half today , she still takes some herbs and supplements to support and balance her messed up immune system.Just ONE tube of the three doses !! The amount of anguish and death related to this product far outweighs the justification of dogs who might be ` flea free ' . In the course of that week we must have met atleast half a dozen vets who just shook their heads when I mentioned the Hartz product !! It has killed hundreds of cats apparently and is more fatal to their littler bodies -LRB- my dogs are about 65lbs each -RRB- . Please do not , do not buy this poison !!
 I applied Hartz Flea & Tick to my dog right before taking him on a 2-week camping trip in Baja California , Mexico . Within a couple days , he could n't wag his tail -- it just hung limp . While I do n't know for sure , I suspected the Hartz Flea & Tick drops which I applied along his spine and base of his tail , where he gets more fleas . Being out in the middle of nowhere , I could n't take him to a vet , but his tail function returned to normal gradually within 2 days and he 's fine now.When I returned home , I related what happened to a vet friend of mine and she warned me against using Hartz products because they have an atrocious safety record.Bottom line
 I used one tube of the Cutter Flea & Tick for dogs over 66 lbs . on my 98 lb . Rottweiler on Saturday . By Saturday night , she was scratching like crazy , and could n't walk for more than 5 or 6 steps before her hind leg would come up to start scratching again . We bathed her first thing Sunday morning , and scrubbed the best we could . It is now Wednesday , and the poor thing is still itchy . She 's been on 25 mg of Benadryl 2x a day , which seems to help , but as soon as it wears off , she 's scratching again . As you can imagine , we have not had a full night of sleep since this started . The vet ca n't see us until Friday , and I feel like an awful person for putting my poor dog through this !
 Does n't work nearly as well as a frontline . When I use this my 17lb cockapoo still scratches : -LRB-
 this product does n't work . save your money , and go elsewhere . by frontline . you get what you pay for . your dogs needs something that works .
 Over a weeklong period I found this made my two dogs itch more . Had to scrub them down and put Frontline on them .
 This product smells so severely strong of fish that I had to take it out of my home immediately . My cats literally took off running to the far end of the house when they smelled it , and my cats do n't usually turn anything down . It 's a really foul smell that permeates everything and wo n't go away . I ca n't get the smell off my hands no matter how hard I scrub . It 's not even the typical fish smell that would attract cats , it 's a very different fish smell . Luckily I only lost six bucks on the product .
 I purchased the Salmon oil in hopes that it would help my cats dandruff clear up . Only problem is , they wo n't touch their food if I put on any of this oil . I 've even tried to stir it into the wet food and they still walk away . The pump bottle does work well but I 'm hoping there 's another product that might not be so offensive and the cats will actually consume it with their food .
 I 've used this on my cat who has dandruff for over a month now with no noticeable change.Probably time to hit the vet 's office .
 My cats would not touch this salmon oil . Perhaps because it has the herb rosemary in it . The Amazon site for this product does not list rosemary as an ingredient .
 Product description on this page does not disclose that this product contains rosemary -LRB- used as a natural preservative -RRB- . Unfortunately -LRB- in my experience -RRB- , most cats do not like rosemary . Additionally , there is some controversy whether rosemary is even safe for cats to ingest as cat biology can not handle most plant essential oils safely . Dogs should have no problem with this -LRB- same salmon oil is sold for both dogs and cats , just different packaging -RRB- , but I would look elsewhere if you have cats . Amazon customer service processed a return credit for me on this item with no issues - one of the reasons I like shopping here so much ! Thanks Amazon !!!
 My cat turns her nose up at this stuff . I guess it ca n't work it the cat will not use it . It is useless to me and my cat .
 I was hoping this product would be enticing to my cats with its yummy salmon scent and flavor . Unfortunately , my cats hate the salmon oil and wo n't go anywhere near it . I 'm not sure if it 's because they 're not used to it , but they really do n't want to eat it , so now it 's just collecting dust in my pantry . At least it was affordable , so I did n't waste a ton of money buying it . Maybe someone else 's cats would like it ? Or a dog , maybe ? Better luck to anyone else who buys this for their pets .
 I purchased this oil because of the statements on the site . I wanted to add some extra fish oil to the cat 's diet . This was not the product to duo it
 My cat would not touch it ! It could just be my cat . My dogs love the dog version of this .
 It did n't take long before one of the tines of the comb broke off and scratched my poor dog . She had a scab for a week . This should n't have happened .
 Ok , it has the bonus of being fairly cheap for a cat post but it 's very flimsy . We got ours today and the first thing we had to do was nail a crosspiece on it to hold the top steady . The base , post and cubbyhole at the bottom are well made enough but the top would never have supported the weight of even our smaller cat -LRB- less than 7 pounds -RRB- . With the crosspiece we added it should hold the cat but we should n't have had to go scrambling to fix it before we could let the cat at it . Buy something else .
 My puppy loved this for the first few days . Then I put it in the mircowave to heat it up like the instructions say and it started smoking and burnt a hole thru the material !
 I have a tiny 4 pound Yorkie mix that I take everywhere . I purchased this product to use to keep him warm when I take him outdoors with me in his `` bag '' . He does not care ~ normally he can be located on the opposite side of his bag than this warming pillow . Furthermore , I would have liked a bit more direction . It does not state how long to place the warmer in the microwave . I tried 1 minute & it started leaking fluid -LRB- ?!?!?! -RRB- . Then I tried 30 seconds & that seemed to do the trick but it does not retain the heat for longer than 20 minutes which is much shorter than the heating pads filled with dried corn , rice , cherry pits , etc made for people . All in all , I love most of the Petstages products but this one just does n't do much for me or my little one .
 The price is great compare to other retailers but unfortunately , The heat does n't last long . It 's cute and perfect size for puppies ! My shih tzu puppy uses it as a pillow sometimes but most of the time , ignores it . Would n't repurchase !
 I have 19 week old GR pup and in less than 4 hrs he manages to rip apart this product ... may differ from dog to dog but i will not buy this product again ...
 Awfully small . I have a Yorkie and it was like a pillow for one foot . I thought it would be like a bed pillow . Very disappointing .
 I thought this toy was great . Unfortunately , it lasted about a month . I have a yorkie poo who loves it . It makes the greatest noise but once she got hold of the label , the seam opened and it was over.I wish it had lasted longer . I wo n't buy another unless there is some kind of warranty . But who would guarantee a dog too ? NO ONE
 did I like it , no , not for the cost , they just ignored it , and the little ones just drug it around they wo n't sleep with it ... they perfered a warm just out of the dryer soft blanket , would I buy again NO , would I recommend ... . No not for the price ... 1.99 maybe .
 I was vey disappointed in this product . We had gotten a product close to this 3 years ago when we got our first pup . It worked so well that we passed it on to my brother when they got their first pup to . She ended up using it as a chew toy . But its so small , we are getting a great dane puppy this week . And she is already 5 times the size of this . The original one we had bought and I can no longer find was 4 times the size of this one . You could also use the velcro on the bottom to bunch up the stuffed rabbit so the puppy could actually cuddle with it , or you could lay it flat so the puppy could actually curl up and sleep on it . It was large enough that it stayed warm for most of the night if not all night . This little one is not worth the money to small and doesnt hold heat that long at all .
 This dog toy is very poorly made . My puppy had the bag in the middle out in about 5 minutes and shredded it apart in about 10 minutes . Very poorly made .
 This was purchased for our Golden Retriever puppy . She was only 8 weeks old when we received it . Would probably work for small dogs but our dog tore it to pieces in a few weeks time . Would make a great chew toy but there are a lot of tiny pieces of material inside . Debris was everywhere .
 First of all there is a bag of BUCKWHEAT inside this product ! If you look on the list of toxic substances for animals buckwheat is on the list !! What kind of a company would put a toxic substance in a dog toy ? Soo stupid !! Yes , it was good for keeping him company as a two month old puppy . But as soon as he was ready to chew on it It was harmful to him . I took the bag out and my dog loves playing the the toy case . But im sure a piece of cloth would have been just as good .
 This product is supposed hold several hours of heat for a puppy to snuggle with , but it cooled off completely within 15 minutes . I could n't believe it ! It 's a shame , because it 's cute and well-made . I think I 'll buy the snuggle-safe heat pad instead , which reputably holds 8 hours of heat.It 's also smaller than it appears -- about the size of a 6 `` x8 '' note card .
 I was excited about getting this for my golden puppy I was about to bring home . She however did not want anything to do with it . The idea of warming it up for comfort seemed great , but she would not snuggle with it , even in her crate . She occasionally will chew on it a bit but that 's all . Seems to be made well though .
 Our new puppy is 12 weeks so I used this in his crate at night to help him settle without his littermates . The second time I used it he quickly bit open the toy and the sack of grains inside , spilling them all over his bedding . Hoping he did not ingest them - glad I have a vet appt . today . Our pup is not a destructive chewer and is not teething either . Do not give this toy to a young puppy - much safer to let him adjust on his own . Also did not stay warm long and is very small - much smaller than he is at 12 weeks old . I wish I still had the box as I would return it immediately . What a terrible idea .
 This product is made with BUCKWHEAT . According to the ASPCA Buckwheat is toxic to dogs ! If your pet ingested this contact your local veterinarian or the ASPCA Animal Poison Control Center at 888-426-4435 . Following is a link to ASPCA site -LSB- ... -RSB-
 quality is good , only thing is the descriptions of the product . it says rock but its actually made of some fiber but its durable . and another thing is the picture shows rock like color and it even says rock but for the large size , it only comes in green or pink . wth zoo med ? you could 've made it look a little more natural
 I ordered the small corner dish for my gecko cage . How stupid of me to expect something that was actually small . This thing is pretty massive , and I would definitely not recommend unless you have a much bigger cage .
 Very disappointed ! I have a young puppy with terribly itchy skin . I have hydrocortisone spray but it 's hard to get the spray on his skin through his hair . I wanted the lotion with the applicator tip so hopefully the lotion would reach the skin . He 's biting and scratching constantly . Our vet is trying to determine what allergies he has but in the meantime we 're just trying to give him some relief ! Now we 'll have to wait to get the correct item .
 Pros : I do think it soothed her itchingCons : smell ... my cat did n't like the smell so she became more hesitant around use of the product.The smell was n't really that bad . And I did use it some . But eventually I started to use something else that she did n't hide from
 We have n't used this long enough to get a good reading on if it works as a curefor hot spots . But , I 'll share a few things , and update when we 've tried it longer . -LRB- Note that we received a bottle with a different design . Hope ours was the new oneand not the old one ! -RRB- First off , this has a photo of both a cat and dog on the label . So , you could assume thatthis is for both types of pets . I am not entirely sure of that now.When I saw the word `` spray '' , I had assumed it would be a mist that would easilycover an area on an animal . It is n't . It is a sloppy wet spray that drips easily.It took a long time to dry off of a comforter that we had placed the cat on to spray him . -LRB- He has a hot spot he keeps going after , even tho he is worm/flea free . -RRB- Secondly , this has propylene glycol in it . I am NOT happy about that . That is an ingredientoften used in making anti-freeze and other car fluids . It is n't something I wanted to seein my pets ' products.This might work well for dogs who do not normally lick themselves a lot , esp on their backs.For our cat , this is going to be tricky . We did n't restrain our cat , since I thought it wasjust hydrocortisone and aloe . But , we later found out that it was much more.Not sure what kind of damage that this might do when cats lick for grooming , and will ingestmuch more of the product than a dog would . It would be possible to put some sort of collar onour cat , I suppose , but I did n't want to do that.So , not happy with the product at all at this point.Good for dogs , bad for cats.It might have to go back .
 This spray applicator works minimally if at all forcing the user to apply directly having to unscrew the bottle cap . The resulting waste factor makes for `` a very poor experience '' only further challenging the product itself who 's chemical concentration appears suspect if not significantly dilluted . Convince me otherwise ? Thanks .
 good product but did n't get the 4 oz as advertized , the bottle was n't even half full , was just about 2 oz of product in the bottle , for 10 bucks is n't worth the trouble or money to send back , the product left in the bottle did seam to work .
 Did n't work . The only thing that did , and my dog has major allergies , is Band Aid spray calamine lotion . Dog on steroids = sad but we 've tried everything . At least this gives him some relief .
 I just received the product , and apparently the seller does n't stick to the named brand . I received Excel Hydrocortisone spray with Aloe Vera . It probably does n't matter , except that I thought I was purchasing one product and received another . I 'm glad the dealership did n't take that approach on my most recent car purchase.Also , the product leaked all over the package . Not a lot of the product was lost , but having veterinary grade cortisone spray all over the packaging of my wife 's prenatal vitamins was not what I expected .
 Bottles opened during delivery . I received a soggy opened box . One bottle was empty the other had small amount still leaking out . Ca n't tell you if the product works or not . I can only assume the shipping box and the mail truck are not itching . Poor packaging for shipping .
 We have had 2 of these tanks and they seem to be OK at first . They do n't look bad and it 's small so it does n't take up much space on top of a book shelf or a dresser . But we have and 2 of them . I never put the trees in because I was afraid the fish would hurt themselves on them seeing as the space is limited as it is . The first tank we used the `` water release cap '' every time we changed water unless I was going to clean the whole tank . One day I cleaned the tank and the next morning the water was almost completely drained , poor fish ! And the DVD 's , VHS videos , and the CD 's I had in the shelf that the tank sat on were all wet ! I was extremely unhappy so I took it back to the store and got my money back . I went back to the pet section of the store and talked to the department manager who said they have never had a problem with them and sell several . So she convinced me to get another one . I brought it home and set it up but this time I have n't used the water release cap in the bottom of the tank , I only poured the water out of the top of the tank to change it . Well , I will say that this tank lasted a little longer than the first one but again , this morning I woke up and found the poor fish almost dead in about a quarter of an inch of water and again , my shelf of CD 's , DVD 's , and video tapes all wet again ! I have called the company this time but of course , they were busy `` helping other customers '' and I had to leave a message for them to get back to me . They have yet to return my call.So , the bottom line with the product , if you value your pets and your furniture and do n't want to put your fish bowl in a bowl to catch the draining water , is do n't waste your time and money on this fish tank . It will cost you more in the end to replace the damage that it does than buying a decent tank to begin with will .
 My cats had ear mites , so I tried this product for 2-3 weeks and a round of Revolution with no success . I took my cats to the vet and it was confirmed they had mites . The Rx -LRB- Tresaderm -RRB- worked in a couple of days , which its expected since its a prescription and stronger . But for an OTC , this product did nothing to clear the ear mites , so my recommendation is to see your vet for something better . I paid $ 12 for a bottle of Tresaderm that cured two cats , and still have half a bottle .
 The glycerin is oily and sticky and made my cat have more earwax than she had before . I stopped using it after a few days and stuck with moist pad wipes instead . My cat hates this so much she would run and hide underneath the bed at the sight of my holding up the bottle whereas she would tolerate the moist pad wipes .
 My cat hated this stuff and I hated holding him down to apply it over and over again . Makes the fur around his ear all oily and dirty for weeks . Revolution applied to the back of the neck kills all ear mites with just 2 applications given 3 weeks apart . Much easier .
 found out product contained pyrethins after I placed order . Found info on another website . One would think that as important as pyrethins are it would be listed in the product features !
 before you buy consider arm room for dog . What 's needed is stretch knit arms . My dog could n't walk well .
 One must put front legs through sleeves , very difficult to do and uncomfortable for the dog . Over all bad design .
 Material is real cheap !!! Doesnt keep my baby warm ! I need to put a sweater on her under the coat !! To keeo her from shaking !
 before you buy consider arm room for dog . What 's needed is stretch knit arms . My dog could n't walk well .
 One must put front legs through sleeves , very difficult to do and uncomfortable for the dog . Over all bad design .
 Material is real cheap !!! Doesnt keep my baby warm ! I need to put a sweater on her under the coat !! To keeo her from shaking !
 My puppy didt like the enervite so have an unwanted tube it was n't exactly a great price either !! Maybe someone else might have better luck with their pooch !! : -LRB-
 A Legitimate Medium door wall kit could not possibly be 6 '' high by 8 '' wide or visa/versa , and whats more there are no exterior walls 2 '' deep/thick .
 Your demesions must be reversed , and if it is titled wall mount why do you describe it as 2 '' D ? i 'm looking for wall mount 12 '' tall or a little more have any ?
 before you buy consider arm room for dog . What 's needed is stretch knit arms . My dog could n't walk well .
 One must put front legs through sleeves , very difficult to do and uncomfortable for the dog . Over all bad design .
 Material is real cheap !!! Doesnt keep my baby warm ! I need to put a sweater on her under the coat !! To keeo her from shaking !
 Please do not buy this toy ! It is fun and the cat loves it very much ! But it will tangle and will choke the kitty . If I was n't home , my kitten would 've choked because it got warped around his neck ! Because it is a string , it will tighten itself and the more kitty struggles to get it off the more pressure is places on the tangled body part ! Please spare your kitty 's life and do not buy this ! I cut the string off right there and then and threw it out ! Be very cautious with this and do not let the kitty play with it alone !
 Cats love this toy , but they need close supervision when using it . My cat has wrapped himself in the string when hauling it around the house , and once I thought that he might choke if I did n't release it myself . The safety release does n't often release , and so the whole contraption comes down off the door trim that it hangs from , which then gets stuck when the cat runs around the house with the mouse in mouth , increasing the `` getting wrapped up in the string '' potential as he circles around chair legs etc. . The rubber tips on the ends of the metal door jam grip come off almost immediately , and are hard to find . -LRB- Have lost several . -RRB-
 Not only is this ridiculous and cheaply made piece of junk a choking hazard due substandard quality , but it stinks ! Real fur carries a decomposing scent even with sanitizing , and it reeks of decomp and vomit . Ew . ZERO stars if I could .
 I tried this product because it was recommended by my local fish store to cure my rummy red nose tetra since i noticed the white spots all over their body and is getting worse . I separate them , put them in a different container and used half the dose . with in a day 1 out of 6 died . then i added another half dosage to make it a full dose and 2 more died -LRB- 1 died instantly , the other with in 2 hrs . -RRB- So i change the water with clean water and they seems to be doing better -LRB- still weak and white spots but at least not swimming upside down . -RRB- im giving this a 2 star instead if 1 because for some odd reason it worked on one of the fish -LRB- no more white spots -RRB- but i think the rest are n't going to make it.Over all , it doesnt work well to cure fish of those annoying white spots and might end up killing them instead.oh by the way , on the back it says '' WARNING
 I tried this based on store staff recommendation . 2 days later I had 2 fish instead of 7 fish . The ich is gone , but just as likely because I raised the tank temp to 82F as the directions on the bottle suggest . When I went back to the store , two other staff told me it was not a great product . They also told me that raising the tank temp so high in a short time -LRB- as in 1 degree per hour -RRB- was bad for the fish .
 i agree with everyone else , had a clown loach with ich while the rest of the tank was so far spared . this killed all my neon tetras , teh other fish seem to be doing ok so far but i would not buy this again , would not recommend it
 I bought some of this because a new guppy I had bought was scratching and soon after my four minnows were scratching . The first dose of this killed my weakest minnow which I was almost positive would happen . The second dose killed the remaining 3 minnows . Now all that is left is the guppy.Dyed the seams of my aquarium and all the suction cups blue . I also think it tinted the glass blue . Hopefully bleach will get rid of the blue and the tint after I have a chance to break down the aquarium for deep cleaning.You live , you learn .
 As soon as I put this product together , I noticed some design flaws.First , the chamber that holds the `` dirty bits '' is raised about 1/2 an inch above the grate . As soon as I noticed this , my first concern was that some clumps would get caught underneath it . Truthfully speaking , this probably would n't be too big of a deal , but it was something I noticed.Second I noticed the latches . Yes , everyone seems to comment on the latches . They are flimsy , and I could see how they would fail -LRB- why not use a toggle style latch -RRB- . Additionally , there is no latch on the right side -LRB- the side you roll over -RRB- , so there is potential for a litter mess . You will probably have to use a sharp knife to make sure that the latches all fit smoothly , but ugh.But this is all speculations as to how the product could fail . I have n't made it that far yet.There are four pieces to this litter box . -LRB- 1 -RRB- the base , -LRB- 2 -RRB- the lid , -LRB- 3 -RRB- the `` dirty-bits '' container , and -LRB- 4 -RRB- the grate . When I installed the grate , there is a part that you have to bend over for the `` dirty-bit '' container to rest on . When I did this , the lid would not fit on properly . As I looked more closely , the grate piece was severly warped , and actually broken along the seam . So , I 'm returning the product to Amazon for an exchange of the same product . I will at least give it a second chance.And to Omega Paw
 I 've been using the large sized one for about 2 months now and although it offers some conveniences it is not perfect by the longest stretch of imagination . The gaps in the grate are too wide and smaller clumps will go through and you will have to scoop the out if you do n't wa n't your kitties going in poop filled litter . Another drawback is that this needs huge amounts of litter , so you will end up going through a tub pretty quickly . If you fill it abut 1-2 inches from the bottom , some clumps stick to the bottom and will need to be scraped using a scoop.In the end you end up doing double the work you did before , first rolling it over and then scooping whats left in the filterate.Only if the grate had smaller gaps this would be a lot better .
 We have used this for a few months now , and I am reasonably pleased with it . I read dozens of reviews on Amazon , and gleaned a bunch of useful tips regarding , for example , the clips , which some complained were easy to break . Ensuring careful alignment of the 4 clips is vital before you lock them into place.We have six cats , including a 15 lb Havana Brown , and use four litter trays with inexpensive -LRB- Big Lots -RRB- , unperfumed , $ 4.00 per 14lb jug , of clumping litter . All cats took to this tray immediately . . novelty , mebbe ! After a few weeks they are using all covered trays equally.The first time I rolled the box , I had urine seep out on to the wood floor . To be fair , this only happened once . I do have one boy who wees standing up , and although the urine does not leak out of the `` join '' between upper and lower , I do have to remove the lid most days and clean down the sides of the box , and along the join , as I do with all of them anyway . The same cat will occasionally turn around and wee through the entrance from time to time , which is why I will also recommend the PetFusion Smart Grip Litter Mat -LRB- see my review -RRB- from Amazon : PetFusion SmartGrip Cat Litter Mat -LRB- Gray and White -RRB- This mat is such a good product that I ended getting four of them!Probably my main gripe with this litter box is that it is too short from front to back . . my large Havana Brown can get in and then has a heck of a job turning around and positioning himself to use it comfortably . Sometimes he will give up and head for another box . The toileting compartment IS considerably smaller than my other litter boxes.Also , my cats DO sometimes wee on the grid , and yes , it will smell after a day or two ! And yes , it 's a bugger to clean ! When this has happened , I have removed the litter , dismantled the box , and used the hose to wash it down thoroughly before drying and re-assembling it . I have done this twice so far , and it is fairly time-consuming . When the cold weather hits , this will be an impossible task . . and no , I refuse to wash it down in the spa tub -LRB- the only receptable large enough for this box ! -RRB- . This is how I personally perform the empty : Roll the box to the right until it is almost on its side . The unused litter can be seen/heard passing through the grid and the clumps and poo will move beyond the grid -LRB- mostly . . small ones from my petite Siamese girl DO sometimes get through with the clean litter -RRB- . At this time , I peer into the box and check to see if any clumps have stuck to the sides or floor of the tray . If they have , then I whack the outside with my hand to loosen them . I then complete the movement , slowly turning the tray on to its roof . I wait until the movement of litter has stopped and start to rotate it back to the left , gently . By doing everything slowly , it avoids the clumps breaking up before they get to the colection receptacle . When around 50 % of the litter has moved back into the `` cubicle '' area , then I remove the receptacle and empty it into a plastic bag -LRB- those thin grey Walmart plastic carrier bags are the best as they generally do n't have any holes in them -RRB- before moving on to my next litter box . I replace the receptacle and tilt the box to the left , holding it , until most of the clean litter has moved back into the cubicle area . I then place the box level and use a scoop to level the surface.UPDATE
 We tried using this for 2 months before we gave up and threw it away . I did n't see any benefit to it whasoever . It does not trap litter , litter still scatters everywhere and all around the floor around it . Our cat did not seem to clean it 's paws on it at all . We now use just a regular old towel around the litter box which is far superior . Do not waste your money on this product .
 I want to love this item , i really do . The first few weeks were great . Rolled and worked just as described . Then one day my cat made loose stool and it just smeared all over the box and grates . I had to disasemble it and take it outside to completely hose it down and bleach it . That didnt stop , another semi loose stool and when i rolled the box it just got all over the sides . I now no longer roll it . I just scope as per usual and use the cat litter genie . Forget about the rolling unless you want to constantly take it apart to clean .
 What seemed like a novel idea , to filter and catch do-do and clumped litter by rolling the whole box , turns out to be a bad idea . The moist portions of the litter cling to the sides and the filter grille , and the clumps wo n't go into the collection tray . The tray then fills up with unused litter , wasting it . The area available for the cat to actually use is small , even though the box is huge , because the ` working ' section takes up over a third of the usable internal space . The fasteners are very flimsy and tricky to use . The side entry makes it awkward to place the unit in a recessed space . In fact , the Omega Paw is more work to use than a traditional litter box . So I have taken the guts out and am using it as a regular box until my replacement , a standard covered box , arrives and I can throw this Omega Paw in the dumpster . A shame I threw my relatively new traditional box away when this thing arrived .
 I was so excited to see the UPS man drive up with package - as soon as I found this listed as an easier and cleaner way to handle my litter box , I just had to have - arrived very soon , just opened package , follow instructions and all that was needed was to bend screen , snap securely in place and put cover on - screen bend snapped into 2 pieces as soon as I bent it as directed . I am so angry right now I do not even know how to express my thoughts . I do not drive which is why I ordered this online , to open , have product break , follow these stupid return instructions , be available for the pick up and have to wait further for my `` convenience '' of having a cleaner more sanitary litter box . I am disappointed in the box and Amazon and question my future shopping with them.Extremely unhappy customer-Amy Beth Carducci
 Very dissappointed . As huge as this is , and I bought the large one because I have 2 cats , the inside litter area is very small . The filter takes up about 1/3 of the box . My cats hated it !!! I had to take the top off and the filter out so they would have some room to move . The bottom is fairly thin , too , and when I either lift it or move it to clean out the dirty litter it `` bends '' . I also did n't like how it had to be rolled almost totally over in order to get the clumps out . I personally do n't recommend it ; it 's gawdy and takes up far too much room .
 This box absorbs odors after a week !! So for indoor use , it makes the house stink like dirty catbox . It 's too much bother to scrub the box , and liners wo n't work with the box size or the rolling . The rollover action works well enough , but too many finer clumps are left behind to keep the litter fresh . I got rid of the box after two weeks of use.Get a regular catbox , liners , and use the new clumping litter with crystals -- it works very well . Otherwise , plain crystals is the best for odor control .
 Like many cat owners , I was in search of a better litter box . This was not what I expected . I purchased the large one since I have two loving cats . The large is not enough for both of them . If you are the type of person who does not check the litter every day , this is not the box for you . I found that when I check the box every other day , it was n't sufficant . I was finding a box that gave me the freedom from cleaning each day . If you go away for a few days and have someone take care of your kittys , this would not be something you would want to come home to . Also , if you do not have it connected correctly , it spills every where . I went back to the traditional littler box since I have to check it everyday until I find one that suits my needs .
 I saw this litter box online , and thought it sounded like a smart idea . However , it turns out to be less practical than I had hoped .1 . The clips that attach the hood to the base are very poorly constructed , so each time I roll the box , litter pours out of the seams and all over the floor .2 . The waste tray does n't quite fit the space properly , so clumps will often roll into the space at the end , or underneath the tray . This means I have to re-roll to catch clumps on a second attempt .3 . If you roll too soon after your cat has used the litter tray -LRB- and there 's a wet clump in there -RRB- the clump will stick to the grill , requiring some unpleasant cleaning ! 4 . It 's quite small , so if you have a larger cat then it will be a tight squeeze . My orange tabbies do fit in there , but only just.Overall , I would not recommend this product . I now use it like a regular litter tray , just taking the lid off and scooping it , instead of trying to roll it . I find that it 's less work that way .
 most clumps form to the side of the box and slightly stick ... this method is ridiculous because it would cause clumps to crumble and pieces to be left behind . Its great if our cat only ever forms a clump the whole way around the urination deposit ... if you want MORE work and more stink ... then this is the box for you
 If you are looking for convenience , DO NOT BUY this product or frustration will be part of your purchase price . I was swayed too much by the positive reviews and did not take the time to read enough negative reviews . The product `` sort of works . '' It does `` mechanically '' remove cat waste , but here is the key point
 When our cat first started using this , I really liked the concept . Now , I realize the actual space inside for the cat is far too narrow for my cat . He sprays everything back up against the back corner and the clumping litter gets stuck on the grill and back wall and it is a real mess . Not all the used litter gets `` thrown over '' to the collection box , which covers half of the inside of the box , so you have to do it multiple times and I still have to use the scoop and then end up having litter spilled , as the opening is too small to manuever a scoop thru . we 're going back to the top opening litterbox ... less tracked litter too .
 We had just gotten 2 kittens and are new to the cat litter game so we saw the reviews and video and thought , could it really be this easy ? Boy were we wrong ! Great idea in theory but just not worth the trouble.Pros - Price was n't too badCons - SMALL litter areaIf you roll the box a little too much cat litter goes into the collection tray.Rolling causes some clumps to break apart and then smaller pieces slide thru the screen and stay in the litter.You need to bang the bottom of the box a few times to get all the clumps unstuck from the bottom and then they too can break apart.Poop and wet clumps touch the screen so the whole box needs to be cleaned on a weekly basis . MAJOR pain.At the end of the rolling we really were n't sure we got all the clumps so we wound up opening it up and scooping it . The rolling caused the clumps to break up a little bit and slip thru the scooper . We wound up taking the grate out and just using it as a regular box.I 'm probably going to get rid of it and get a regular box with a lid and just scoop . Not worth the trouble of cleaning all the parts , etc. .
 I am not that happy with this litter box . I only bought it because of the reviews it got here . I thought that since I had tendonitis it would do away with scooping and save the stress on my arm . Well ... A lot of the litter sticks to the bottom , making it necessary to bang and bang hard on the bottom to free it , and some of it still sticks . And you ca n't see what 's happening , since you have to keep the lid on . I have had to kneel down with a flashlight to see inside . Then , somehow the dirty litter gets stuck behind the receptacle and boy is that fun to remove.All this banging and kneeling and twisting is harder on my muscles than scooping ! I am disappointed ; this was a $ 40 outlay for a product that , once again , fails to live up to its claims .
 This litter box was great for about a month . It seemed so easy - just flip it over and pull out the pan . BUT then when you have to physically clean it with Soap and water and it 's a mess . TOO many parts . The litter area is too small for even a medium size cat to fit in . I threw it out today .
 Great concept , but as others have pointed out , the execution is flawed . The item is huge but usable space for the cats is cramped so our two were n't very fond of it -LRB- and these are n't fussy cats -RRB- . Unless you roll it several times a day , the scoop drawer overflows and spills litter all over as you pull it out , so you have to hold a garbage bag under it when emptying . The plastic fasteners holding the unit together were weak and easily slid into the unlocked position , so we narrowly avoided a few disasters until we learned to double check them each time we rolled it . We 'd read numerous glowing reviews of this product and ended up being so disappointed that we went back to a conventional litter box after a few weeks . Less hassle for us , and the cats were happier . No wonder the price keeps dropping ... . I 'd love to see them -LRB- or someone else -RRB- improve on it - perhaps I 'd try `` Version 2.0 '' .
 I an a new kitty owner and not an experienced litter box person but I had hoped this would do what it says - namely make it easy to clean the box . It handles all the little poopies the kitty makes and collects in the tray as in the video but all of the `` urine patties '' stick to the bottom of the pan and every day I have to take the kitty shovel and scrape , scrape , scrape and the odor is really bad . So , what is the difference in this box and the cheap pans ? You still have to clean it daily .
 This box because it spreads the smell all over the box can drive many cats to start `` hiding '' their pee all over your house !
 I actually used this thing for about a year before I finally switched because I realized how much I was torturing my cat with it . I initially bought it because 1 . I have a big cat and it 's a big box . 2 . My cat is a `` flinger '' so I wanted something enclosed , and 3 . I wanted something more convenient . In the end , all of those points worked against me ... and my cat.While the box is a great concept , it is n't executed very well and can easily harbor germs and unintentionally make you forgetful . First , the end leaks litter easily when you tip it over . Well , it does n't so much at first but with more uses you will have to sweep/vacuum up litter . It also does n't always catch everything , making it even MORE work to undo all the latches , scoop up the leftovers , and latch it back on . Defeats the purpose of the whole thing . Sometimes you wo n't even notice if did n't catch it all , and so the feces will stay stuck in that side compartment for awhile.Another annoyance - is that oftentimes clumps of litter would get caught between where the sift thing snaps into place , which again , made it less reliable and more germy . And all of this only added to the biggest problem , -LRB- which could just be a matter of self discipline and setting reminders -RRB- which is that because of how it keeps the smell in more than most boxes , and because it is covered , you forget to change it easily . It 's an `` out of sight , out of mind '' type of thing - which I suppose one could encounter with any enclosed litter box . But with this one in particular , I 'd not only forget but would often find myself putting off cleaning it when I remembered ! Just because of what a hassle it became.The last big downer for this litter box is how easily it can become a stink hole . Cat 's noses are SO much more sensitive than ours ... and with this thing , you 'd have to clean/empty it 3 times a day just to keep it comfortable for them ! And if you forgot to change it for a few days ? HELL HOLE in there . My poor cat . I hope he forgives me.I have now switched to an open box that just has taller sides , so there 's no problem with flinging litter . And I 'm back to a regular ole scooper , which has made my whole so much simpler and my cat so much happier .
 With all the raving reviews , I was so anticipating this litter box 's arrival . But it is a huge letdown . It is not the be all end all of all litter boxes as I had previously thought . I actually hate it , as it has given me way more work than I had to do before ! Before I go on , let me just say I had no problem with clips or getting it to work like some of the other bad reviews on here . I dislike it because I was using a covered litter box , with a in/out flap , so I NEVER had issues with litter flying everywhere . This box , the opening is too wide and too close to the floor that litter flies everywhere . So much so , that I find I listen for every time he goes potty so I can sweep up the litter everywhere . It 's horrible , and I bought this cause I thought it would cut my work in half and all it did was double and even possibly triple it . Some other minor dislikes are that the box is so huge , yet the actual size he go 's potty in is soooo small . Honestly , it 's really gigantic and ugly , even in a large bathroom . I think this litter box would be improved 100 fold if it had one of those swingy doors attached to keep the litter from flying . I do n't even know if it 's possible , but in the coming weeks , I 'm going to see if I can incorporate one somehow . _____________________________ LITTER _____________________________ Oh and on a side note
 Let me preface by saying I read all the reviews of this product before I started use and RE read them after we started having problems . I still hate it , and nothing anyone says will convince me otherwise.In theory , this is a great product . At first blush , I thought it was an amazing upgrade to our previous non hooded litter box situation . But as time went on , I started noticing the unmistakable smell of cat urine filling up my office where the box is kept . So I started searching for the problem -LRB- s -RRB- and they are :1 . My cat is a 15 lb 8 year old male . He 's never used a covered box before , and with this box and it 's limited space , his `` stream '' blasts up against the sides . Does n't matter how much litter he kicks against those spots , they reek .2 . When his `` stream '' hits the grate , then he kicks litter onto it , then I was left with clumps of urine AND litter . Stuck to the grate and NOT being sifted by the rolling `` self cleaning '' action . That reeked , too .3 . If you 're not EXTREMELY careful to use ONLY 3 inches of litter , the clean litter falls over into the dirty litter tray when cleaning . No easy way to get it back into the box . This part is on me , not the product , but still ! Annoying and wasteful .4 . It does n't ever sift completely ! With only 3 inches of litter , my cat kicks most of the litter over to the side , leaving clumps stuck to the bottom that never sift . Unless I take the hood off and scoop , they stay stuck . And again-you guessed it - they reek as well.I soldiered on for a few weeks-taking the hood off and scooping manually once a week . Emptying completely and washing it out and adding new litter twice a month . Finally I just gave up . We took off the cover , and the grate , and threw them out . Now , my cat is using only the BOTTOM half of a $ 30 + litter box-and I 'm scooping it daily - and FINALLY my house is odor free again !! Do n't buy this . Do n't listen to the positive reviewers . I was * diligent * and made every effort-and still , this product failed to perform . I do however , LOVE the Omega Paw Cat Mat-which I was forced to buy because the litter tracking upon exit from this box was HORRENDOUS as well ! That , I 'm still using and will continue to . The box though ? Ugh . Never again .
 I bought this liter box in hopes that it would make my life easier . However , after owning it for almost a year I found that the product design is majorly flawed . The box is not one solid piece , it is two halves held together by plastic clips . While I had no problem with the clips I found that over time every time the box is rolled litter comes out the bottom where the two halves meet . The concept is great , but in order for this thing to actually work properly it should be one solid piece and not two halves . I found this to thing to be more trouble then it was worth because every time it was rolled to clean the box there was a pile of litter on the floor that then needed to be swept up . Do n't waste your time with this product .
 I tried tipping it over fast , slow , and at a regular speed , but not just the soiled litter falls into the scooper . Lots of clean litter does too , which is just a waste . I have since taken out that part of the litter box and just scoop it out myself . I was so excited for an easier way to clean her litter box , but was thoroughly disappointed .
 After looking closely at so many reviews , I thought I 'd finally stumbled on the holy grail of kitty litter boxes . But really -- I 've found this to be a very frustrating box . I would not recommend it . I 've found myself actually working harder ; the litter gets stuck in the grid and is really gross . I ca n't seem to keep it clean enough and I 'm rolling it a minimum of 2-3 times a day . The clips that attach the lid to the bottom are really cheap too ; constantly coming detached and look like they wo n't hold up . Sometimes when I roll it litter that is not used falls into it and then I have to put it back in -LRB- so as to not waste it -RRB- . All in all , I 'm really not happy with this . Bummer . I should note that I have two cats and this is their one box ; I guess I need to have two boxes , but it 's a huge box ! Anyway , just my two cents .
 I 'm still debating on if I want to return this or keep it and use it as a large litter box that I 'm still going to have to scoop manually . Upon arrival the clip by the entryway did n't work . Also , they need to figure out how to put additional -LRB- better functioning -RRB- clips on the side that does n't have clips on it . Anyway , I held the plastic together where the malfunctioning clip was so I could see how the litter box would work if the clip actually worked . I rolled the box and then rolled it back and slightly rolled it in the other direction so the litter would come back in . I then looked to see what I caught in the pan . I was excited to see that it had caught one bunch of urine . However , I looked in the box and it did n't get the other things that the cat left . So I rolled it a couple more times according to the directions and looked and they never appeared . I then looked down on the floor and noticed that most of the litter was all over my floor . This would have been great had it worked like I thought it was going to ...
 When we got this , I was thrilled , thrilled ! It was so easy to use , so clean compared to other litter boxes . The box is now two weeks old and falling apart . When you clean it , it dumps litter all over the floor because all of the latches are failing . I would pay double or triple for a box like this that actually held up to use .
 Like many other cat owners I 'm all about a way to make the unpleasant process of sifting through dirty litter easier . I was very enthusiastic about the reviews , but underwhelmed by the performance . All said , I did n't find that the box 's sorting of litter was good at all , and it wasted lots of clean litter in the process . Also , worth mentioning , the option to roll this large contraption is fine if you have the room for it , but if space is tight , rolling this big boy around may be more trouble than the alternative . I gave it a shot for a few months and then gave it to the Salvation Army .
 This litter box has a good idea but bad results . The clips on the side are cheap plastic , the folding barrier inside took quite a while to relax enough to fit into the rim grooves . The main complaint is that my cat is inconsiderate and will pee partially on the side or dig down until hitting the plastic before going . Those will not loosen enough to be tipped into the refuse drawer and so the lid has to be removed and the box cleaned like a regular one . It is really hard on the cheap plastic clips so I 've now had to just leave the lid off and use it as a normal littler box -LRB- but a lot more expensive -RRB- . If your cat goes only in the center and not down to the bottom then this will be terrific for you . If not , then save your money and avoid this product.I really like the idea and if it can be improved I would consider looking into purchasing a new and improved model . The search continues for the better litter box .
 It 's great design and good idea . Simple to use and effective . I really loved it for the first few weeks but then the latch broke and the filter portion of the litter box was getting loose . Now , every time I roll the box , liter seeps out the sides and sometimes the filter/guard flips open and all the liter , not just clumped liter , ends up in the upper compartment/shelf . Like other reviewers have said , I think this would have been a great product if only the quality was better . Faulty latches and filters made this a big pain to use !
 In spite of all your suggestions , this litter box still slips open when tilted and dumps the litter on the floor !!!! This will not suffice !!! The design is bad ... the clips should be on the side that the drawer is on , as well . Buy something else .
 Got sucked in by all the great reviews . I guess I should 've known better ! I think if you had one cat , this might work well but we have several . The largest cat tends to pee on the side of the box and the litter than clumps to the side . When you roll it , that clump is going no where . I naively thought the box was working at first because stuff was coming out when we rolled . Then I opened it and realized , I 'd only rolled out about a third of what was in the box . I think if the waste did n't stick to the box and clump on the sifting crates , that it might work . Once I removed the lid to scoop the litter , I could never get it put back on right and keep ending up with a pile of litter on the floor when I roll the box . What a mess . I find it difficult to get the lid on perfectly to avoid this hassle . After a week , I 'm read to get rid of the internal screen and just use this as a normal litter box . I 'm sure my 17 lb cat would be thrilled to have more space to do his business.It 's a neat idea , but it 's not the sturdiest box and it wo n't handle the waste of a large cat .
 A simple , old fashioned box is much simpler . The tabs are flimsy , using the scooping mechanism causes you to waste a lot of clean litter . Litter tends to leak out of the sides . The scoop mechanism does NOT work completely . I just scoop mine manually .
 I really think the idea of this litter box is a good one . I just wish it worked as well as it is intended to work . I had a few very consistent problems that make this box MORE of a chore to keep clean than fully manual ones , and would routinely cause a mess on my floor.A lot of the problems seem to be rooted in the construction . I 've had a lot of problems , and opportunities to reassemble this box , so I 'm reasonably certain that I 've ruled out incorrect assembly as the cause of these problems . The plastic is more flexible than any litter box I 've used prior to this one , which would n't be a huge problem if it were n't for the fact that you have to roll it . When you roll it , the weight of the litter shifts , and causes the top and bottom to separate slightly , allowing litter to escape . Each time I rolled it , I 'd have to vacuum a straight line of litter off the floor . A few times , the screen would pop out of its support guides at the bottom of the box -LRB- which are n't nearly strong or secure enough -RRB- meaning I had to take it apart to reset that . Also - and this is probably my cat 's fault , but worth mentioning - somehow my 15lb cat managed to pee on TOP of the screen , under where the collection box rests . So , rolling the box some time after that , cat urine leaked out onto the floor . Again , total disassembly , and cleaning out every nook and cranny so the screen would snap back into place.I bought this because of the 4.5 star reviews here , and I 'm sad to say that my experience has been pretty awful . Two stars is a charity rating , based on the fact that the design CONCEPT is so smart . It 's just poorly made .
 This seemed very clever and fun at first and worked well but then the screen got clogged and also , using World 's Best Litter , attracted lots of pantry moths who hid out behind the slotted screen where all kinds of clumped litter also was hiding which somehow did n't fall into the drawer as it was supposed to when I turned it the box upside down . It 's much harder to clean than an ordinary litter box - the screen gets clogged so easily . I 'm going back to scooping - it 's quicker and cleaner .
 I wanted to like this product . I really did . And maybe it 's my cats . Maybe it 's the litter I 'm using -LRB- although I keep switching it up -RRB- . Maybe it 's the location in my tiny quasi-studio apartment . I do n't know . But this little box sucks.The cat litter never seems to dry out . I clean it about every other day , and it 's always , always wet . And perhaps because of that -LRB- I do n't know ? -RRB- urine does n't clump as well as it should.Which means the urine breaks apart in the rolling process , spreading wet , uriney litter around . Gross ! The cats are n't fans , either.Also , it seems to waste a lot of clean litter . I 'm going through litter faster now than I ever have before . I 'm used to one container lasting several months -LRB- and cleaning every other day -RRB- , but with this , it 's more like a month . If I 'm lucky.The litter does stay contained in here and the product seems very well made . I have n't had any issues with leaking litter and I 've liked having a lid . I have it in a corner behind a mini Chinese screen and people do n't even know I have a box in the house , if it 's clean with recently changed litter . But ... this box is n't for me.I 've had cats all my life , and currently have two . Litter boxes are part of owning cats , and based on this site and recommendations from a friend , I went for this . From now on , I 'll stick to a standard , cheap box .
 I think this product has great intentions but my cats are terrible with it . They pee in one corner which causes a huge iceberg of clumped cat pee . The clumps get stuck in the grates and I have to scoop daily or the box becomes a 30 minute cleanup disaster . Scouping with my cats is flat out disgusting . I had to buy a metal scooper because my plastic one broke.Maybe my 2 cats are just filthy when it comes to the potty but we are switching back to clay with a cat bag . At least I wo n't have to tend to it daily and can let it go 5 -6 days between cleanings . Sorry omega paw you are going out to the street for the trash this week.Bottom line I am sure this is designed to be a nice product but if your cats are idiots like mine ... beware !
 I 've been tending a friend 's kitties while she 's out of town , and she has one of these boxes . I 've become intimately familiar with it in the last week.Firstly , the thing is huge -LRB- huge ! -RRB- , so you must have extra space . The interior space is smaller than that of a regular cat box , even the ` large ' size . Multiple cats fill it quickly.Secondly , imagine if you will , how heavy a giant box full of wet litter is . Now imagine wrestling a plastic bin full of wet cat litter out of its spot , ROLLING the thing over on its head and back again . Heavy . Watch your back.Thirdly , you must pull the box out of its spot to roll it , and guaranteed , you 'll spill some litter on the floor , which the box then rolls on , and grinds into the floor , and on to its own top . So you will have some cleanup to do.Fourthly , and perhaps most importantly , is that anyone who has ever had cats and used clumping litter knows , sometimes the clumps of pee nearly fuse to the sides of the box , and have to be chipped off -LRB- even if you 're rolling the box upside down and back -RRB- . Well , there 's no really good way to a -RRB- see this in the dark depths of the box or b -RRB- reach in and scrape the clumps off the sides . The box does n't get totally clean , and the stinky clump remains . Do n't be fooled by the small opening - it serves as a chimney for cat stink , and seems to concentrate and focus odors right out toward your nose!Fifthly -LRB- is that proper ? -RRB- , filling the box is a pain , because the lid does n't come off . You 're going to have to pour it in the door , or use a small scoop a thousand times to fill it . Your cat is n't exactly going to rake the huge pile of litter from just inside the door , like a tiny , poopy zen garden . There is no way to avoid reaching in to the box completely . You 'll have to , to even out the litter , or to scoop the stalagmites.I guess if you are a person who conflates gimmicky , perceived ease of use over simple scooping , and over your cats ' comfort and ease , get this litter box . Otherwise , skip it . Actually , just skip it .
 I have one 7 lb cat . On day one on the first roll the litter would not fit into the disposal pan . Tried again several times with the same issue . The area that holds the litter is extremely small also . Total waste of effort and money . The concept is great , but just does n't work .
 This is an example where I am really disappointed with myself for counting on the reviews to guide my purchase.At first glance this litterbox performs as expected . The first day I happily tumbled and removed used clumps of litters from the drawer . Day 2 brought on a different experience . After tumbling I got noting out of the tray other than litter . It turns out my cat was not cooperative . She decided to urnitate on the side with the screen . This causes the screen to clog and litter to not pass through . So , I found myself digging wet litter out of the screen by hand to get it going again . On the next day I found my cat had settled into the habit of urinating on the screen side . I tried one more time to clean it out - yuck ! The following day I just gave up . I pulled the screen and now I 'm using it as a traditional albeit overly expensive , litter box.I gave it one star as I did n't have to throw it away . It still at least works as a traditional litter box .
 Length :
 This box had such high comments that I even had to look at the comments on other sites . Maybe this box works for come cats , but not mine . The litter you use also make a huge difference with this box . I was first using Blue Buffalo and when the clumps would hit the vent , it would break into the vent . I then read a user 5 star review on here explaining to everyone how to use this product because she could n't believe that negative feedback . She stated that she uses Worlds Best Kitty Litter . I tried this and it works better since it clumps harder , but so many of the clumps will stick to the box while it turning and then I have to scoop anyway . Also , not a lot , but a little clean litter goes into the scoop each time . The vent does n't catch it all . This is n't huge but a little adds up quick when you clean it out 1-2 times a day . This box does n't take a genius to figure out . It 's self explanatory . I think the two main keys are in the litter and your cat , and this box did not work with mine .
 Product said new and not used . I recieved it used with cat litter all over inside of it . If i wanted something thats garbage i would just use a cardboard box . Very dissappointed
 With six cats to scoop up after , I had really hoped this litter box would work out and make my life easier . Unfortunately , it did n't . Yes it catches the big , loose clumps and poo in the pull-out tray , but it left the clumps that were stuck to the plastic . Also , one of my boys likes to pee against the wall , so when I rolled the box , the litter clumped to the sifting grates - a real pain to get off . All in all , I was spending just as long , if not longer , having to clean the litter box each day . After a month and a half of fighting this thing , I removed the sifting piece and dremeled off the bottom plastic clips that held the sifter in place . Now my kitties have just a regular jumbo litter box with a window to look out of -LRB- where the collection tray slid in -RRB- when they do their business . Easy litter box clean-up seems to be just too good to be true . Too bad , really .
 It 's huge and hard to rock without the top falling off . The top never closed properly either , nor did it fit tightly
 I was so happy when this litter box arrived -- an easy roll right , slightly back to the left , and no more digging for soiled litter . I bought it out of consideration for the next cat sitter . However , in less than a month it quit working properly . Now , despite continuing to follow directions exactly as stated , sometimes when I pull out the tray , it 's mostly litter . Not always , but twice was aggravating enough . I 'm also concerned re ' how to actually clean the box . With all other litter boxes , I have followed the instructions of the vet who said to `` Clean their box with warm water and a mild detergent at least once a month , then let it sun dry . '' Does that mean I 'll have to disassemble this new box completely every month ? Is the screen strong enough to withstand being taken apart and reassembled every month ? Reading the reviews just now , I 'm not getting that others actually clean their litter boxes , but simply change out the litter ever so often instead . Ewww .
 I 'll keep it short , folks , its a litter box , and its like all the rest as far as smells go . If you do n't clean it often , its gon na smell , even with the high quality odor eliminating litter ! And you HAVE TO USE A QUALITY CLUMPING CAT LITTER in this design , I would hate to see the outcome if you did n't ! The design , where you tip it way over and then back to easily collect the clumps in the drawer , is pretty good but would have been a lot better if the box had been constructed in a way that did n't feel so cheap and flimsy . I mean it works good , but will it hold up to numerous uses and openings and closings ? That is where I have my doubts , as the THIN plastic slide locks that lock the top to the bottom are very generic and sometimes you have to work to get them to actually latch . And the box is somewhat divided inside due to the litter screen that is supposed to keep the good litter in and the clumps over to the slide out tray . I would say as big as it looks on the outside , and we got the biggest one , the actual ` potty area ' is a tad smaller than a normal open box , so barely room for a cat to turn around , much less cover the potty the way they like . Sometimes my cat actually exits the box to turn around and get at the area to cover up!In summary , I like the overall design of the clump removal system but they should have put more quality into the construction and the the actual area the cat uses should be a lot bigger . Considering those factors I would say its a bit overpriced .
 Would send this back if shipping was n't so high . I have accidendly spilled dirty cat litter a couple of times because it keeps comingapart when I `` roll '' it . And yes I have put it together correctly & made sure it was latched ... but the latches have a tendency to come unlatched ! It 's a great concept if it would just stay together . Maybe I just happen to get a lemon because most people rated it well which is why I bought it
 I have exclusively used electronic automatic self cleaning boxes , litter maid and Litter Robot , since i got our cat in the early mid 90s . Circumstances caused me to have to move temporarily to where i could not bring the Litter Robot and i was financially strapped and did not want to buy another electronic Litter Maid.I expected the situation to be temporary and i wanted to try just scooping litter from a box . However , after all these years of never having to think about litter for at least a week or two or more thanks to the automatic boxes , i could not remember to scoop the litter . The box is upstairs out of the way buy an exit -- that 's the whole idea , having it as out of sight and out of mind as possible , who wants to think about raw sewage in their home ? So i could not remember to do it . Or i would remember but it would be after i got home from work and i was really tired and i would procrastinate and then forget.So i was looking on Amazon to see if there was a compromise , an easier way to scoop once a day that i would n't be so avoidant of , and this Omega Paw seemed to be the one with the best reviews and the description sounded pretty good , just roll it over , pull out the drawer , throw it away.It never worked that way for me . I bought it directly at a Petco store , the regular size , i just have a 6 pound 17 year old cat -LRB- now 18 -RRB- . It was cheap compared to the electronic boxes , the one good thing about it.It was easy to assemble and i was one of the lucky ones , the clips fastened easily and tightly , it was solid once assembled.I bought the kind of clumping litter my cat was already used to from the regular scooping litter box i was using . I do n't remember now what kind it was . I had tried Worlds Best Clumping litter but she hated it for some unknown reason and proceeded to pee on the bathroom rug , something she never did before . -LRB- With the electronic boxes i have always used litter pearls or other crystals , which do n't clump -RRB- . the first thing i did n't like about the Omega Paw was the amount of space it took to roll it . Im used to large cat boxes , the electronic ones are not compact , but the need to roll it required me to have to move it out of its space to find enough space to roll it . Cumbersome . Annoying.But the worst problem was that it did n't do what it 's supposed to do . Absolutely no clumps ever went into the little box or tray . i eagerly rolled it , following the instructions , then expectantly opened the tray but there was nothing in there , just some litter crumbs , no clumps . I rolled it several times and tapped on it and shook it , but no clumps fell into the little tray . The sifting screen seemed too fine to allow the clumps through . I was mystified , it must be something i was doing wrong because other people get them to work as described . I could n't do it . And if i could n't get the clumps out of the cat box , then the cat would n't use it.This was about a year ago . I ended up buying another Litter Maid . I threw the Omega Paw away.I do n't know if this is related to why the Omega Paw would n't work , but after getting the Litter Maid , i came to realize my cat 's previously diagnosed Hyperthyroid condition was causing her to have a very high volume of urine . In retrospect , i do n't know . I did n't know at the time so i do n't know if that was preventing normal clumps from forming . It turned out to be too much urine for the new Litter Maid but it took me a long time to figure out that this was the cause of having to completely change the litter in the LItter Maid more often than once a week.I took her to the vet and i researched on the internet and finally got it figured out about the excessive urination and her medication has been increased and this has improved a lot . But during this long ordeal , about the time the medication was increased , she began refusing to use the Litter Maid at all any more , peeing on the 30 gallon garbage can liners i had spread out on the floor under the litter maid instead , causing a very bad odor . Even when she started urinating less , she refused to use it , i imagine the odor would no longer come out of the box when i changed out the litter and wiped it down.At that point , i decided to try a ScoopFree electronic box and it 's worked so well , i am ready to start a religion and worship it . But while the box itself is not expensive for that type of box -LRB- electronic -RRB- , actually less expensive and very simple , the upkeep is expensive , you have to replace the litter trays periodically and depending on the cat , it could be as often as once a week or up to a month , they cost $ 15 . But there is a work around for that , you , can buy a permanent tray from another company and buy your own litter at Target and then it 's not expensive anymore.fyi , if your cat is hyperthyroid or if he/she pees a lot more than average , that might cause the Omega Paw not to function as described . I do n't know , but think it could be a possibility . Why it did n't work at all for me remains a mystery , why there were no clumps in the tray , or very few , while the rest remained in Omega Paw.In sum , for Omega Paw : Pros : cheaper than an electronic boxmine did assemble correctly and easilyCons : takes a lot of space to rollhard to cleana lot of workdid n't work at all
 Hi , I have 1 cat who is 5 months old . I have this litter box . I like the roll feature but I have had my box lid come off while I was tilting it to side and litter went everywhere . Even with one cat , I have to clean the litter box several times a day , the area for the cat is just too small , the litter sifter and tray take up 1/2 the space . I do like not having to scoop the litter , but it would be easier if I had an traditional box . The clamps on side are cheaply made and you just have to be very very gentle with this box . Roll it very gently and hit the bottom slightly to loosen clumps . It does not have a filter to stop smells even with lid smells are a problem . It is hard to clean . You end up having to wipe out bottom and tray often , I would love to be able to use this box with a plastic liner but the lid will not stay on if you try to use with a liner . I am going to have to change to different litter box when my cat gets older and bigger .
 I bought this as an alternative to getting one of those expensive , automatic litter boxes . At first , it seemed as if it would work alright , and it did for the first time I tipped it over to try it ... but then I ran into a very big problem.This is not a good box if you have a lot of cats -LRB- you should have more than one box if you do anyway , which I do -RRB- , or one that pees a lot -LRB- like my cat -RRB- . She pees so much that by the end of the day when I would go to tip over the box to clean it out , the clumps were so huge they stuck to the bottom and even once I managed to bang on the bottom to get it loose so it would fall into the little compartment , it was actually too large to pull out without it scraping along the top as I pulled it out . Also , she managed to pee where that grate is , so that clumps would get stuck there as well . Pretty gross . I clean the litter box every single day and I still had this problem.I 'm sure this works well for `` normal '' cats who only pee a little at a time so that the clumps are smaller , but unfortunately for me , I 've had to go back to scooping it all out myself , since I ended up having to do that anyway with the Omega . I 'm going to have to trash the thing now.I have n't bitten the bullet yet and bought one of those robot litter boxes yet ... but it has been tempting . I actually use a normal , covered litter box along with the tidy cats Breeze , which uses pellets and has a pee pad underneath . This has been great since the other box often gets full very quickly -LRB- there are two cats in the house and my roommaet 's cat does n't like to use his own -RRB- so they go to that when it is full before I have a chance to clean it . However , I still have to clean the box every day , and it 's amazing how full it is by the end of the day . An automatic box would be wonderful ... if only it did n't cost so much!In short
 This litter box is just awful . My sister gave me her cat and this litter box . The box is awful . When you roll it over , you are not `` cleaning '' the litter box , you are making the entire box dirty with the cat 's `` business '' . So in a month when you change the litter completely , you now have TWO pieces to scrub clean ... the top piece and the bottom piece . Most of the positive reviewers fail to tell you that your cat 's `` business '' will clump and stick to the bottom of the box . So when you roll it to get rid of their business , you are only clearing out the free moving poop . The clumped urine remains stuck to the bottom . So you are n't really cleaning the box effectively , and really not at all . So I still have it because the cat wo n't use my other litter box with pine chips like my other cat does . -LRB- Pine is so much easier because it does n't smell , and you can flush their `` business '' right down the toilet because the pine disintegrates in water . No more poop to throw away -RRB- . So for now , I am using it as a regular box with a regular scoop . I remove the top , and shovel and sift out the business and use the drawer as a handy poop holder to take out to the trash . There are guides on the front of the box so you know how much litter to put in . The people complaining that the drawer fills with fresh litter is because they are filling the box with too much litter . I might try to transition the cat to pine and see how she does , because the pine is so much easier than clay litter because you can flush it , rather than dump it in the trash . The plastic is pretty weak for this litter box , it cracks easily . However , the clips have n't broken yet .
 I followed the instructions and tried multiple times , but I could not get this litter box to work the way it 's supposed to . I was loosing a huge amount of clean litter with the clumps and that was not acceptable to me . I ended up taking out the screen and the collection bin and just using this as a regular litter box . Disappointing .
 I had high hopes for this litter box . I only have one cat , about 7 years old , and she 's a little bit on the small side -LRB- probably being a former feral cat stunted her growth -RRB- . She has always had perfect litter training manners , never missed the box before or had an accident anywhere outside the box . My husband is not a `` cat person '' and he is very sensitive to the smell and litter getting tracked all over the bathroom and down the hallway . I did some research and decided to try a covered box to help with the smell problem . I 'll admit I do n't clean the box as often as I should , twice a week if I 'm lucky . I thought this rolling box would make it easier , quicker , and more fun -LRB- ? -RRB- for me , so I 'd clean it more often ... which would also help with the smell . I also got a bigger rug to put under the box , to help with the tracking problem , and switched to a low tracking litter.I was happy with the box at first , but then my cat started pooping on the rug just outside the door to the box , and flinging a TON of litter out of the box into a big pile on the rug . I did n't get the large size since they did n't carry it in the store , my cat is small , and it might not fit in our small bathroom . I guess I did n't realize that the actual usable interior size of this regular sized box is much smaller than the dimensions listed here , since almost half of the box is used for the sifting part . The dimensions say 20 '' L X 17 '' W , but that 's backwards . It should say that it is 17 '' long -LRB- from the front where the door is to the back -RRB- and maybe 15 '' wide inside at the most -LRB- since the sifting part takes up at least 5 inches , probably more -RRB- . Maybe it 's too small for her ? She 's had some behavioral problems since I got this litter box also , not sure if it 's related or not . She used to be a very quiet and mellow cat , but lately she meows at me ALL the TIME , and started hitting my leg with her paw as I walk down the hall -LRB- towards the bathroom where this litter box is -RRB- . I get the feeling she 's trying to tell me something.Anyway , it did n't turn out to be as easy as I thought to empty this litter box , since we have it in a small bathroom . First , I have to lift the box up out of the way on top of the toilet to clean up the mess on the rug underneath , then I have to put it back down , turn it sideways -LRB- since I ca n't roll it that way or would bump into the toilet -RRB- , roll it , bang on the bottom to get the stuff stuck on the bottom , then roll it back , then empty out the tray , then turn it on its back , pour in some fresh clean litter , turn it back upright , and sort of shake it to make sure the litter is level . I am always surprised at how much loose litter is in the tray . It looks wet , and STINKS -LRB- how is this better than before ? -RRB- so maybe the potty clumps break apart during the rolling and banging process ? Maybe I 'm using the wrong litter , or maybe you need to empty this thing daily for it to clump properly ? The last straw was when one of the back clips broke , and litter spills out onto the floor every time . So , I have to sweep the floor a second time after I 'm all done with this already lengthy process . My husband is pretty handy , so I 'm sure he could fashion some bolts or something to keep it closed , but I 've had enough.The one good thing I will say is that it does improve the smell overall from day to day , but I think that would be true of any covered litter box . And , as I said , the smell is MUCH worse while I 'm emptying it . I 'm normally not that sensitive to kitty litter smell , but this makes me gag . But it 's too big and bulky -LRB- yet too small on the inside where it counts -RRB- , the clips are poorly constructed , my cat apparently hates it , and there is litter and poop everywhere ! I guess I 'll try a bigger -LRB- read
 Bought this based on the glowing reviews , but it did n't work out . I used it with World 's Best Cat Litter , which is a clumping litter but possibly too soft for this box . The urine-soaked litter would get caught in the trap and stay there , and since the box is in my bedroom closet , the urine smell would linger . Also , the area in which the cat does his business is really small , since half the box is taken up with the screened off compartment ; when he started digging , he would throw litter out the front-facing door . The self-cleaning aspect was moot ; sure , I collected a lot of waste in the little tray , but even after emptying it out I still had to dig around to get it clean . I traded this in a for Clevercat Top-Entry Box , which works much better in my closet -LRB- no litter getting thrown everywhere -RRB- .
 After scooping litter for my two cats for 16 + years , I was ecstatic to learn about this product . What a rude surprise - it 's a bad joke
 It works fine , but some litter does spill out when I tilt it . I have to put tape over the seams to keep all the litter in while cleaning .
 I got this 2 days ago , delivered right on time . Nowhere on any of the pages that I viewed on-line , did it explain exactly ` how ' this thing worked . You are supposed to tip it up-side down , then right-side up , and whallah ! Magic , all the clumped feces and urine should be in the disposal shelf that can be pulled out.When I put it together I realized that Omega-Paw and I have different standards of cleanliness . When I remove clumped cat litter -- I remove ALL the clumps . This litter box is designed with wide open slots thru which the `` clean '' litter is supposed to settle , leaving the dirty clumps to fall back into the disposal shelf bucket.Only in reality -- ALL the small clumps of dirty litter fall thru the big slots along with the clean litter . So dirty litter goes right back to be reused -- and the rolling action has now broken up any other clumps and has made them even smaller and harder to remove.The one good thing is that it has a high top and the sides interlock well enough so that my male cats can not urinate right thru the seam of the top and bottom halves . That has been my problem all along . I am going to remove the slot compartment and just use it as a regular larger litter box.Make sure you have a huge space in which to operate this thing by turning it upside down and back ! It 's good for folks who only clean their `` large clumps '' . Linda
 The clamp seal that keeps the lid on is not secure enough to prevent bits of litter from escaping every time you flip it over . I use super clumping litter , but the action of rolling the container always breaks up the urine clumps - thus mixing it back in the the `` clean '' litter to go back into the container . Also , my cats do n't seem to like it . I basically have resorted to scooping out the urine clumps which defeats the purpose of this container .
 The design is a good idea and it worked well at first . However , the second time I totally emptied it to replace the litter , I could not get the tabs that hold it together fastened back tightly . As other people have noted , they are flimsy pieces of plastic . Unless the tabs are tight , the box leaks litter all over when it is turned on its side.I wish someone else made this design of better materials .
 It seemed like such a good idea in theory but has not worked out at all . I do n't wish to go thru the hassle of returning it but would not recommend purchasing this cat box . When the box is rolled as instructed , the debris box fills up with cat sand and does not filter out the feces . Cat sand ends up on the floor and one ends up scooping the poo the old fashioned way . Very disappointing purchase .
 The concept for the litter box is great . I 've had difficulty in using clumping kitty litter . It wo n't fit through the grids on the side , so I 've been scooping it although the reason I purchased it was to quit scooping ! Our kitty also is reluctant to go in the litter box , so I have placed the old one next to it so we wo n't have any accidents . In retrospect I should have spent more money and purchased a self-cleaning litter box .
 I 've broken two of the plastic tabs that hold this together . I broke one and have been very careful since . Well , I just broke another one and was not using any excessive force . If the clips are broken then the whole system does n't work . I used a zip tie on the first broken one and was still able to get into the container to fill it , wash , etc. . Now I will have to snip off one of the zip ties to get into the container . There is no reason to buy this product if this problem is not fixed . If the tabs are fixed then this product works well .
 It 's a simple and brilliant device . . and would be absolutely no fuss if it was made to hold together better . This unit has 4 clips to hold the top onto the bottom . 2 are on the side of the doorway where their is no stress of the bulk of the litter when rolling the box over . On the side where the heavy clumps land to fall into the drawer is no clips at all . Realize you are turning this thing completely over on it 's side with heavy used litter in it . The other two clips is in the front and back . There is no clips , nothing to secure the top and bottom together on the side the used litter falls on . Which is the top portion . The light weight clean litter goes into the bottom which has somewhat of the floor to stabilize it as you roll it over . The clumps fall onto the top part . Heavy clumps hit with some force on flimsy plastic where there is nothing securing the 2 pieces together . Overfilling even a slight bit can cause a disaster for sure . Plus it is difficult to know how much you are putting in unless you take the top off every time and I guarantee if you do this , the clips wo n't make it 2 months ! Now , if you have one light appetite cat , this may work for you providing you roll it over at least once a day CAREFULLY , and do not overfill it . Multiple cats , or a healthy appetite cat , you will need to watch this like a hawk . The clips were a pain to get clipped in the first place . They do n't line up nice and neatly . Just rolling the box over can unclip them if your not careful . When the clips stay clipped , litter can still come out between the top and bottom . There is no clips fastening the lid to the base there . This is a brilliant idea over-all . If it was made more solid , if the top and bottom fastened together more securely with a sturdier fastening system I 'd highly recommend it . As it is , I recommend you save your money ! I have one broken clip already , I used macrame ' cord to tie it shut . I am keeping my eyes open hoping some other company grabs this idea up , and makes one the way they should be made.I read the other reviews about how you have to be careful , trim the loose tabs if there are any , from the clip area . I read this before I bought it , and checked mine . Mine was fine . No poor quality control there . The clips just do not hold it together , and do not hold up . Do not buy this ! Cat litter all over the floor is not fun to clean up.I gave it 2 stars because it is a brilliant idea , and it looks great . My cat waited anxiously for me to get it put together and immediately had to try it out . The doorway is plenty large . If the doorway is n't large enough , alot of cats wo n't use them . . mine did n't find this one to confining . It 's just you ca n't clean it without it coming apart . So , it is pointless . A complete waste of money .
 The primary reason I have n't liked this litter box is because it is hard to secure the lid to the bottom of the box . It is frustrating to have to close the sliders and if you do n't the litter comes out on the floor when you turn it on it 's side . Turning the litter box does get some clumps out but it 's really easier just to clean it like a regular litter box for me.I read a review that said it `` really works , '' Not for me .
 I absolutely loved this litter box , so much so that gave it a second try after the close tabs broke the first time I used it . After the same thing happened with the second box I was back to scooping again . Great design , but closing tabs are too flimsy and you can not roll it without them . If not for that I would have given it a 5 stars.I had purchased these as a replacement for my LitterMaid automatic cleaning box . LitterMaid used to be really good when the rake was plastic , I had two that lasted for years . When they went metal rakes they never lasted more than 4 weeks before the motor would freeze up.If I was rich I would get one of the robot litter boxes .
 I was very disappointed with this purchase considering all the good reviews . I ordered the large cat box and I was surprised how small it was inside . My larger cat does n't have room to turn around so he does n't use it . The sifting equipment takes up quite a bit of space . My small regular kitty pan has more room than this thing.I used the World 's Best Kitty Litter , but let me tell you , that stuff is not dustless and when you started turning this box and moving the litter to be sifted there is a ton of that corn dust in the air . I had to wear a dust mask . Also , it has come apart several times when I tilt it , leaving litter all over the floor.If it was n't so freaking big I would send it back .
 The cats like this litter box . But I do n't recommend it do to being very flimsy . The cats seem to do their thing on the back wall . It sticks there and wo n't dump properly . To heavy and flimsy to turn over . We leave the lid free to take off and clean the litter as with an open litter box .
 I am giving this product two stars because the idea behind the litter box is brilliant . Absolutely brilliant ! The materials used to construct it , however , leave much to be desired . The plastic is cheap and the parts do not fit together as neatly as they should , thus it fails overall.It is unfortunate that the manufacturers can not be bothered to create a high quality product . As I said , the idea behind this litter box is great . It really is . And mine worked pretty well for almost a month before it started to fall apart.I would have no problem paying more for this item , if the construction were sound . Were it meant to last and be more integrated , I would be willing to pay twice as much . The convenience it potentially imparts is amazing . But unfortunately poor craftsmanship renders it useless . I am very disappointed .
 I ordered this since I have 3 cats and cleaning the litter box is n't exactly my favorite job.Anyway , I hoped that it would be everything people in the reviews raved about.It did work as promised , but kitty litter ended up coming out of the box and getting on the throw rug I use beneath my kitty box creating a further mess.The box is very sturdily made.I finally decided to remove the drawer and screen and use it as a regular kitty box instead of simply tossing it.At least that way my investment is n't a total waste .
 i use it with the top off . it does not work very well the way it is advertised as you still need to clean the bottom
 Carefully read the directions twice and then attempted to put it together.Followed the directions and struggled to get all the clamps to lock . No matter what I do , the final clamp will not lock in place.So one star for great concept . Two bleeding thumbs down for ease of assembly .
 After reading most of the reviews , I purchased this litter box . What a waste . It will break soon , but the worst problem is that the hole in front is big , and when the cats cover up their mess the litter goes out of that hole all over the floor .
 When I first saw this litter box I thought it was a great idea . But after using it for about a month I noticed it was n't sifting right -LRB- pee and poo staying in litter area and tray filling with clean litter . Then I noticed the cats were reluctant to enter the box and discovered the entire lid stank of urine and feces . It became necessary to scrub the rolling lid everytime to remove the odor . When a cat enters the box they are not only surrounded by the odor but the germs associated with their urine and feces . Ended up throwing away the lid and using it as a regular box . Not worth the money .
 I tried this thing many times , and could n't get it to work for me . The waste does not roll into the drawer as advertised . Not even a little bit . It 's just sitting on my balcony now . Waste of money .
 I 've had mine for a week and it ai n't what its cracked up to be . Can not get the top to fully lock down therefore I am unable to `` Self clean '' . For a normal litterbox - which this is essentially is because of the problem - it is WAY overpriced .
 I loved the idea of this litter box , and perhaps the smaller boxes work better , but the large size is more trouble than scooping ever was . Litter falls out from the seams when the box is rolled and gets all over the floor and the side and top of the box . The latches that secure the top to the bottom seem very fragile . My cat 's clumps are sometimes too large to pull out of the hole where the collection scoop fits in , making it difficult or impossible to remove the clump in the way intended . Also , even though the box inself is very large , because of the design , the actual space for the cat to occupy is fairly small . I 'm planning to take the top off and just use the base as a regular litter box . I do n't recommend the large box for the price .
 The big flaw on this is that it is impossible to use with a litter box liner because the top snaps on with sliding pastic hinges that hook into the bottom portion . -LRB- And you have to use the hinges because the whole point of this box is to roll it upside down . -RRB- Without a litter liner , you are forced to hand clean any mess left inside once you dump the contents for a full clean -LRB- not so easy either -RRB- . I suppose this box would be ok if you had a back yard and could simply hose it down , but if you live in a big city like I do , four stories up , this just adds a lot more to your work.I recommend Clever Cat top entry litter box instead . It 's my other litter box , keeps the litter off the floor , uses a litter liner , and is cheaper .
 Pros : Well ... it worked alright the first couple of times.Cons : - Cheap quality , flimsy plastic . - Does not make cleaning your litter box easier . - If you use clumping litter , do n't even bother with this box . - The filter catches small pieces of waste and leaves them inside the box . - the filter itself is extremely cheap and flimsy . - You will spend more time cleaning this box than a regular litter box.This cat box is designed to make cleaning up after your cats easier , but in reality it makes it more difficult and time consuming.If you use clumping litter , this box will not make anything easier , and will cause your cat litter to become dirtier quicker.After using this for a few weeks now , I 've noticed that my cat litter has gotten dirtier much faster than with my old litter box.You will still have to you a scooper almost every day , thus forcing you to take off the top and manually scoop the litter , even after rolling the box on its side to get any large pieces of waste . This is because clumping litter will stick to the sides of the cat box , and will not dislodge when the box is rolled over . This forces you to take off the lid and manually scoop the box to get rid of any remaining pieces of waste.Smaller pieces of feces and chunks of clumped litter will catch onto the filter , and remain there even after rolling the box completely on its side . It 's even worse if your cat decides to pee on the filter itself , as the clump will separate into clumps upon tilting the box , making your litter much dirtier.You will have to clean this litter box far more often than your old one , and overall this box is more high maintenance than regular scoop-able litter boxes.Do not buy this product , it 's seriously not worth the trouble .
 I bought this with hope it would save time ... it broke within a few months ... it also has no door flap so odor comes out easily !!!!!
 Not overly pleased with this product . Might be good for some cats but was not good for mine . Not that easy to use especially in a confined area . Also seemed like urine leaked outside the unit & messed up floor beneath it . One other problem the waste drawer does n't stay fully closed when you are manipulating the unit - this causes a problem where you get some of the waste or litter spilling out of the drawer . Good concept - needs some refinements however .
 Concept is great , and yes this is relatively easy to use . However , after 8 months of use I see that :1 . litter is wasted unless you roll it , pull out the drawer , and dump it back a few times 2 . it is more effective to use a poop scoop because some small stuff is not removed , and 3 . the usable space in the large size is only about 12 '' X 15 ''
 I wanted to love this litter box because it does work fairly well . It was super easy to clean but did n't quite work for my apartment or my cat . For one , you definitely need a lot more space so you can roll this box over . The way my apartment is set up , I did n't have that much space and I had to pull it out in order to roll it . Even though I 'm still young , my back was n't too happy with this.The major reason why I do n't use this box as intended anymore was that my cat always pees on the side of the box ! I had bought this box right before I adopted my beloved first cat , so I had no idea what his potty habits were . Luckily he took to the box fine . Unfortunately , he peed on all sides of the box . That means he even peed on the side of the grate . It was such a pain to clean the grate , not to mention that meant that a pee clump was inside the compartment that it 's not suppose to be in ;-RRB- I pretty much use this as a regular hooded litter box now and scoop it myself -LRB- which I did n't really mind in the first place -RRB- . Overall , the box worked as stated . Sometimes it would n't get all the pieces out on the first roll . There were also times I feel like it did n't clean as well as I wanted . Sometimes there would be small pieces that I would have to go in with a scoop and take out myself . The box is great if your cat is cooperative ; -RRB-
 I had to get a scooper and scrape the litter off of the side of the box to get it to go into the container in more than one place or bang on the outside to get it to release . The screen also collected small amounts of clumps on the other side and piled up . I did not like this product , returned it .
 Please do not purchase this litter box . It is billed as a `` self-cleaning '' litter box , and worked for about 1 month . Then , it completely failed to filter any of the litter . Now it is a hunk of useless plastic in my basement .
 I was very excited about this litter box based on the glowing reviews . Unfortunately , all the negative comments about this litter box are correct . Even with rolling slowly and tapping the side , all of the clumps would not make it over . There were clumps that got stuck behind and on the sides of the pullout shelf causing bad odors over time . Clean litter also went into the shelf causing a big mess when emptying it . The latches on the litter box are cheap and non sturdy . It defeats the whole purpose if I have to spend 5 minutes banging on the sides or scooping out the extra clumps that did not roll over . After about 3 weeks -LRB- I wanted it to work so badly -RRB- I gave up , removed the sifter and just use it as a regular litter box . The product was a great idea , just not executed well .
 My cats tend to pee on the grate or through the grate . When they pee on the grate the litter sticks to the grate . When they pee through the grate the pee goes everywhere when you roll the box . What a smelly , gross mess !! I removed the grate so I can use this as a basic covered litter box and scoop the litter until I buy a new litter box . I was so excited about this based on so many good reviews , but this did not work as intended for me at all .
 Clumps stick to the bottom , so you have to poke at it to loosen it , then roll it again . Litter leaks out the seams onto the floor . Loose stool plugs the grates . Takes a lot of floor space to roll and unroll . Heavy and awkward to roll around for the kids who were supposed to be the ones responsible for this duty . I 'm going to trash this one and try a different kind .
 I really hated this product . It is huge , and I would not describe it as `` self cleaning . '' You have to roll it way over on one side to `` clean '' it , and because it is so large , that means you need a lot of space to do that . The lid did not properly snap down either , so the rolling ... well you can imagine . I sent it back . Ick .
 I should have known that I was being duped when I received this and the packaging material that came with it contained a picture of what was supposed to represent the design team . It should a group of people studying a blueprints and one of them was wearing a white lab coat . The implication was that scientists in white lab coats were needed to develop this . Right ... Anyway , while many people seem to like this product , I am not a fan . While the concept of this seems good , in practice it does not live up to its expectations . There are two major issues I have.First , this thing leaks litter when you do the cleaning procedure of rolling it over , even with all of the locks closed . It 's much messier than cleaning a standard box with a scoop . I had to vacuum the area after each `` cleaning . `` Second , large clumps of litter cling to the bottom , so rolling it does not cause the dirty litter to fall into the scoop as intended . Ideally this would have some sort of non-stick surface on the bottom , or at least a surface that discouraged the litter from clinging to it . Litter stick like glue to this thing . The only way I could get this to work was go bang on it while turning it over to free the litter clumps , although this made the mess problem described above even worse.Yes , I did try several different brands of litter and I had the same two problems with each.I ended removing the scoop and other non-essential stuff from inside and using this as a standard -LRB- albeit very expensive -RRB- regular litter box I now clean with a regular hand scoop.The concept behind this seems good , but in practice it does not work . I tried it for several weeks thinking it would improve , or I would get better at using it but the problems remained . The box created more work for me , instead of making things easier . Although some people seem to like it , I can not recommend it .
 This is a case of misleading advertising . This is not a self-cleaning litter box . You actually have to roll the entire litter box which rolls the litter through a screen and into a drawer . Then you roll the litter box back upright and remove the drawer . I would rather take a litter shovel and do it by hand . I sent it back and got the electric rake litter box which is self-cleaning . Sorry my name is not Self-Cleaning and I am not the Self-Cleaner part the the product advertises .
 This product , such as it is , may function adequately as an EASY-TO-CLEAN litter box . However , IT IS NOT SELF-CLEANING . A true self-cleaning litter box is one that does just what the name says
 The litter box is good , but when the cat does the business , it keeps smelly all the time , and its only good for kittens not for adult cats .
 I bought this litter box based on the overwhelming number of positive reviews . My experience was that the box was heavy and unwieldy to tip , that much clumping litter -LRB- top quality -RRB- still clung to the sides because my cat pees towards the walls , and that I had to use a scraper to clean the sides of the box anyway . Because the box design is restrictive , the scraping process and the tipping process resulted in more physical work and hassle than I 'd faced when cleaning my old covered cat box . I ended up putting it in the trash two weeks later and I bought another conventional covered box from my pet store . My cat is medium sized and does n't excrete abnormal amounts of urine and feces . I ca n't imagine what kind of cats the writers of the positive reviews might have ...
 I had hoped that the novelty of the clever design would make an onorous chore a little less `` gross '' , but in all the time I tried it I was , variously , disappointed , annoyed and disgusted . The shell is of a plastic that is n't nearly strong enough for it 's task , the little clasp/slides that attach the shells together are flimsy at best , and litter leaked everywhere even when I managed to get the clasp/slides firmly closed . I stopped rocking it after the third collapse and just used it as a regular hooded box.I also saw a cat expert say that cats find it to be a big `` wrong '' if they go into a space that has the scent of urine everywhere -LRB- especially above their heads -RRB- . In the simple action of rolling it the previous scent spreads out all over it . So no , I do NOT recommend this to anyone . Maybe others managed to make it work , but mine went out to the curb after too many failures . And no , you ca n't return it if it 's been used .
 Having my cat for several years and moving around constantly , I have been through many litter boxes and this by far is the absolute worst ! I have always wanted to try it especially seeing all the great reviews and was so excited to get an easy to clean litter box . Far from it ! Nothing but problems from day one ! The latches on the side do not move easily to lock/unlock the top , the litter gets stuck in the grate and I have to spend a great deal of time cleaning it each day , as well as cleaning up the litter my cat easily pushes out of the box . It is going in the garbage .
 Amazon will not issue a credit for this product even though the manufacturer is not available for contact . You must waste your time & money to return this product which is half of what you spent on it . Not happy with Amazons Customer Service . Have been a customer for over 3 years and they would not give me a partial credit that I was promised a month prior to calling them about the Defect . Spoke first to a cusomer service rep than his supervisor named Lori with the title of Team Leader . She was rude and sorry never came out of her mouth . Just said I ca n't help you and hung up . I guess they do n't need the business in this bad economy . Hmmmm . interesting . Needless to say We will cancel our account and use Overstock instead or the many other internet stores .
 This product seemed great when I first bought it , but only a couple days later I regreted it . It falls apart very easily . If a latch comes unfastened while you are rolling it -LRB- which happens often -RRB- the litter comes out of the sides and leaves a mess.It is hard on my back and neck as well . I 'm a healthy , young woman but the rolling , moving , and rolling back motion leaves my back and neck sore.I have n't had to wash it yet , but i ca n't fathom the nightmare that would be.Its more trouble then simply scooping out the litter . I 'm going to toss this and go back to my regular litter box . So I guess the one good thing is that it makes you appreciate how good you had it before = -RRB- Omega Paw Self-Cleaning Litter Box , Large , Green and Beige
 Well I tried to put the box together right . I followed all of the instructions ... I could not get the top to fit on the bottom and could not lock it into place . When rolled , the littler just poured out of the sides . My cat loved to get inside , but as for cleaning as instructed ... did n't work . I am SO DISAPPOINTED ... . I 'll probably use it as a regular cat box ... pull the top off and clean with a scooper . I should learn ... if it is too good to be true ... . it is
 I only used this for one month . Sure , it may work if you have a cute little cat with small , tiny clumps . But I left my two cats for the weekend , and when I came back and cleaned it ... SPLAT . The clumps proved to be too heavy or too much for the flimsy plastic clasps , and the side I rolled it onto broke open . Dirty cat litter spewed onto the floor . I was livid . THAT was not a fun mess to clean up . I vowed not to do that if I was going to leave the litter for more than a day . But a week later , with just a normal day 's worth of waste , the stupid thing did it again . From that point on I just scooped like a normal box , which defeated the purpose . After two weeks of scooping , I threw it out . It 's far too big and bulky to use as just a regular litter box -- half of the space goes toward the sifting grate and space . I just threw it out and got a regular one . Great idea , but made way too cheaply to handle the tilting and tipping of clumping litter . Do n't waste your money like I did ! It 's not worth it .
 We 've had this litter box for about 6 months now and it is a good idea in theory but does n't work for us . Whenever the cat goes # 1 near the divider inside the box -LRB- which is about 90 % of the time -RRB- the mess clumps up all around it . So not only does this hamper the roll feature from working correctly , but every week I have to take the thing apart and clean off the divider piece . It is more trouble than it 's worth . I ended up just removing the divider and scoop it out like a regular litter box now .
 This is a great concept and would work really well if it was n't made with cheap plastic parts . I purchased the large one for $ 34.99 and it is a struggle to push the tabs that latch the top of it to the bottom . Even if I manage to do that the litter will seep out when I roll it onto it 's top to clean it . As I said , it is a great concept and maybe if they work on the design it will make the process easier . Also , there is very little instruction that comes with it .
 I bought this box after reading the many great reviews since I live in a small apartment with two growing cats . The box worked like a charm the first couple months or so.But then something happened where my cats started eating more , or growing bigger , I do n't know ... something that made them start to expel huge masses of urine/feces in their litter that pretty much bashed the box open when rolling because it was so heavy . The little plastic holders on the sides worked well at first but I guess it could n't take the ongoing abuse of the meteorite sized urine/feces clumps anymore . So now whenever I roll the box , litter falls out from the side and I have to take the whole top off and remove the masses by hand.I would only recommend this for someone who has only one cat and a rather tiny cat . If you have more than two , well you better invest in some more boxes or your cats will start taking to crapping right outside of their box instead of in it.And yes , I bought the large size and it still can not accommodate my two monstrous sized cats that are less than a year old .
 I 've had this litter box for about three months now . I have to say that I do NOT recommend it . I have two cats ; one who will use the litter box no matter how dirty and one who refuses to poo in a box if it 's even SLIGHTLY dirty . Here are the pros & cons ... Pros : - If the litter is n't sticking to the bottom , it sifts and then rolls easily into the compartment.-You can use any brand of clumping litter.Cons : - If your cat likes to dig to the bottom of the box before peeing , the pee will get stuck on the bottom and will not sift to the compartment . You 'll have to manually go in and scrape the dried pee off the bottom of the box.-The sifting grate has very large openings , so it does n't clean out the little poo balls ; this means you 're left with dirty litter that would have been collected if you used a regular pooper-scooper . - If your cat is clean-litter-obsessed -LRB- like one of mine is -RRB- he will basically refuse to use this box -LRB- see above con -RRB- . - Sometimes the poo/pee will get stuck on the grate which requires it to be manually cleaned.-There 's really not a lot of room for your cat inside the box.-It scrapes up MY hardwood floor when it 's rolled . -LRB- I live in an older home , so that may not be the case on yours . -RRB- - It 's really not that easy to roll . I liked one previous reviewer 's description of `` a giant pooper-scooper '' . You may end up picking it up and shaking it in order to get the poop loose . Or , you 'll have to knock the bottom to dislodge stuck pee.So , all-in-all it does n't work - not for my cats . I REALLY REALLY wanted it to work ! I left out a traditional litter box next to the Omega and they continued to use that one . -LRB- Except for my clean-litter-obsessed guy who feels like the floor is a good alternative to a dirty box . -RRB- My next foray will be to an automatic - wish me luck !
 I agree with the other 1-star reviews . This box is so cheaply made that it defeats the purpose of what could have been a great idea . It 's very difficult to align the flimsy plastic tabs so that they slide smoothly enough to lock the top of the box to the bottom . When you tilt the box to sift the litter - it spills out in the places where the flimsy tabs do n't lock . It ends up being far messier to get rid of the waste than a regular sift and scoop box . And , as others mentioned , the opening is very small , so I 'm getting a lot of spillage near the opening where the cats have a hard time entering/exiting . I also agree that it takes up a lot of space . And to call itself `` self cleaning '' is almost comical.This hunk of junk is , unfortunately , headed for the landfill .
 I bought this due to the ratings I had read here . Got it home and didnt realize you practically have to turn it completely over to clean it out . So I returned it since my wife did not like that at all . I wasnt thrilled either .
 Still have to scoop because pee clumps stick to the bottom . Get an automated box , or just get some liners . This product is n't really worth the time or money .
 I never had any problem scooping cat litter out of the conventional box we had for our two cats , but my boyfriend wanted to try something different . So , we bought the large Omega Paw self-cleaning box after we saw all these great reviews online . It 's very easy to use , but we have had a few problems with it :1 -RRB- The repeated rolling of the litter onto the top half of the box causes urine and litter dust to stick to the ceiling of the box . We need to spray the inside of the box every few weeks with a urine deodorizer or else the box smells really bad . Our old box was honestly a much cleaner place for the cats to do their business . I hate cleaning out and disinfecting litter boxes , too , so I 'm not thrilled with the idea that I might need to clean this one more often than the old one .2 -RRB- The clips are very weak and way too small for a box as large and heavy as this one is . Our first clip on the box broke off today -LRB- we 've had it for about six months -RRB- , so we have to use clamps to hold the rolling side together now to keep litter from leaking out onto the floor .3 -RRB- The scoop does n't fit into its slot very securely , so when we roll the box over we tend to get some litter escaping through the gaps around the scoop entrance.If we had n't paid so much for it I 'd probably go back to using our regular box . We just replaced one inconvenience -LRB- scooping -RRB- with others -LRB- working harder to keep the box odorfree/finding ways to replace broken clips -RRB- .
 This litter box leaks when you tilt it the top does n't stay on right all in all this is a total waste of money I ended up throwing it away save your money .
 I have owned this product for several years now and while I love the concept the execution of the design is very flawed . My major issue with this litter box is the way the top attaches to the bottom . The sliding retaining slides are way too flimsy and I broke one soon after purchasing the unit . Now I have to be careful when emptying the slide out tray so as not to spill litter all over the carpet because the top is no longer firmly attached to the bottom . Also it makes no sense that the entire right side of the box has no latches at all ! Very poor design . This could be easily remedied by extending the lip on the right side of the unit and attaching two locking slides . The way this thing is presently designed it is way overpriced .
 I bought this product hoping it would help me with the daily task of cleaning the litter box . I 'm older with arthritis , so I liked the comments that it made sound like the whole process was easier . The first 2 tries I was thrilled ... this was so easy !! With the Litter locker , this was a dream come true . Then the clip issue started . A clip decided not to hold as I was in the roll over mode , and most of the litter landed on the floor . Next time I held that clip more firmly and the litter stayed in , but my girl 's ` deposits '' were too large for the collection bin . so I had a bin full of poop stuck in the opening . Cleaned that out -LRB- gross -RRB- and noted that the box really smelled . that 's because not all the clumps made it into the disposal bin . So not only did I have to stop , drop , and roll , . I also had to insert scoop and remove more clumps.My daughter was coming to visit , so I thought , well maybe I 'm doing something wrong She tried it -LRB- when the litter locker ran out , big mess -RRB- . We went to Petsmart the next day and bought a new litter box . the top folds back on this one , so it ; s easy access for scooping . I 'm all for using duck tape , but not for a product I 've used 3 times .
 This litter box does not work with cat litter that clumps ; the grate is too small . While the feces do slip into the removable pan , the clumps remain in the main chamber . So now instead off lifting off the top of my old litter box -LRB- which I am going back to -RRB- I have to unsnap the top of the box , get out the scooper and clean out the clumps of cat litter . Twice the amount of work as with the standard litter box . I was thinking of enlarging the grate to allow for larger clumps but that should have been thought of by the inventor .
 This product had the best reviews but the performance was not at all verygood . I found it very awkward to roll the litter box . You still have tobend down and tip the litter box all the way over to get the clumpsinto the pull out tray . And that 's the clumps that are n't stuck in thelitter filter piece , which gets easily clogged and is not reallysomething I want to deal with cleaning . Besides not all clumps goinginto the tray , lots of unused litter ended up in the tray as well.Also , I bought the ` regular ' size one and the filter piece goes almostright in the middle of the space so the usable cat space was verysmall . Needless to say I returned the litter box and was so glad tohave the old fashioned scoop litter box .
 I was looking for a large litter box and came across the omega paw self cleaning litter box . I read many many great reviews and just one or two bad reviews . I decided to give the large size litter box a try . It was easy to assemble and my two cats used it just fine . However my large , older cats are heavy urinators and they mostly just uriante in the back corners of the box . My problems were that rolling did not dislodge the solidified urine . I had to use a wooden paint stick to unstick them . Then the corner with the louvers -LRB- that the clean litter flows into -RRB- became caked with smelly clumped litter . Also my solidified urine balls were too big to fit into the drawer well so when I opened the drawer to empty it , the top of the drawer got gross with solidified urine balls scraping up against it . I tried even rolling more than once a day to keep the amount of used litter to a minimum but that was impractical so I ended up scooping clean my self cleaning litter box . Aso like some of the other reviews stated , I had issues with the clips coming open and litter leaking out a teeny bit when you rolled . Additionally refilling the box was more dificult than traditional boxes because the clips are harder to manage than the traditional click down clips . I ended up using a cup to fill the box instead of pouring it in as needed with my current box . After 3weeks of trying to make this box work , the louvers were caked and dirty , the top of the drawer was filthy . I decided it was too much work to even try to clean all the parts to pass the box onto some other cat lover to try , so it went right into the trash.Bottom line if you have big cats that pee in the back corner of the litter box , do not buy this box !
 I was so hoping to like this litter box because of all its ' glowing reviews . We have 4 cats and 3 boxes which we scoop every single day . Honestly , the only positive comment I can make is the pleasant neutral colors of the box . The box is practically impossible to scoop out of . Why would I try to scoop a litter box that is `` self-cleaning '' you ask , because it DOES N'T work ! The lid attatchments are not user friendly to latch and unlatch . Make sure you get them on exactly correct before you try to roll the box over ! We use Tidy Cats scoopable litter and the mechanics of rolling the box on its ' lid made for a mess -LRB- even when done slowly -RRB- . Clumps stuck to the box or broke apart and crumbles were mixed in with what was left of the `` clean '' litter . Even with slowly turning the box over I felt like too much `` clean '' litter went into the catch drawer which is dumped . Our cats tend to like to scratch an almost clear area of the box to void and that does n't release from the box surface during roll-overs . The lack of swinging door and lack of charcoal filters made a marked increase in odor eminating from the box . We place 2 of our boxes in the laundry room and the third in a corner behind a recliner chair . The size of the box was very cumbersome to manipulate -LRB- try to roll over , scoop , or get the lid off -RRB- especially in the corner . The box takes up so much more room to try to do these things than our old boxes which the lids easily and fully detatch . The boxes are about the same size , it 's just that this self cleaning one takes up a lot of space when you are rolling it back and forth . There is no handle on the top of this box to help you grab it in order to move it to an area where you have the space to work it and access it . A large portion of the surface area -LRB- floor -RRB- of the litter box is taken up by the `` clean '' litter receptacle space , so despite the box 's size , it really does n't offer that much space for your cat to use it . Once you have finished `` cleaning '' the box then you have to tip it backward to get the litter out of the receptacle area . I found it difficult to get the litter evenly distributed on the floor of the box . You need to shake the box , roll it forward and backward and side to side . All in all I returned the box after trying it for about a week . It took a lot more effort to use than the old style we had , it made for more work , and made more of a mess -LRB- and odor -RRB- to manage . Our cats did use it , but did not seem to show a preference for it over the old style .
 I love the way this litter box works , but the plastic tabs which connect the top to the bottom broke within the first week . I 've had quite a few of these boxes over the years , and they have all lasted a long time . However , I 'm afraid the manufacturing process of these has been changed and the quality has deteriorated . The two I 've purchased most recently apparently have more flimsy tabs and both boxes have had the same failure . I will not be purchasing these boxes again , though the cleaning system is great . Such a disappointment as I was once a loyal customer of this brand .
 After 7 years of using a Budda Dome , I had one of these for a year
 I liked this box at first , the idea of throwing out the scooper was very appealing . Problems
 AS SO MANY PEOPLE HAVE SAID
 Update 4/22/12 : Still no response from customer service.Update 4/17/12 : I am one of the 5-stars below , but after a yr 's use , the clips in the back of the litter box have broken - now everytime I roll the unit , litter comes out the back making a mess of the floor.Really appreciated how well this box worked , but customer service has n't returned my emails ... . box is almost unusable -LRB- need to hold the ends tight as I roll it - NOT ideal -RRB- .
 I have an adult male Maine Coon cat . He weighed in at 20 lbs last time we took him to the vet . Because he 's so large , he obviously takes up the size of 2 maybe 3 cats at one time and consumes as much too . It 's hard to find boxes -LRB- with lids -RRB- that have sizes like Large . It seemed like a great idea . My cat was really too big for the hole , but he managed . Then after one time of going in there , he refused to go back in until I cleaned it all out . I 'm assuming the smell was too much . Then the plastic grate thing cracked , making it a normal litter box with annoying plastic pieces at the bottom you could n't scoop around . Just a bad idea all around for a large cat .
 This litterbox is NOT a self cleaning -LRB- automatic -RRB- litterbox as advertised . Self cleaning means it cleans it itself . Not YOURself . You still have to roll the box over and hope it is all caught by the screen . If there is too much waste it will clog up the waste box and you still got ta wiggle it around to get the box out . Very Misleading . Not good if you dont have alot of room . You want the best SELF cleaning box made to date ? -LRB- Ive tried them all -RRB- Get the Litter-Robot . It is simply amazing . Worth every single penny .
 With all the surface area within the box , there is plenty of places for urine-soaked litter to be trapped , as well as urine to leak through the cracks . It smelled horrible of cat urine and we could n't figure out why until pulling the top off of it . It would require a full cleaning of all of the surfaces of this box and its top to remain to be use-able , which completely defeats the purpose of it being an easy , `` self-cleaning '' contraption . Most reviews are likely from people who just bought this . I 'm reviewing after a couple months of having it , and it was NOT a good purchase .
 This product is so poorly designed , awkward and does not work like it says it would . The top is nearly impossible to secure . When you roll it the litter goes into the vented compartment and the waste sits in the bottom . It does not go into the scoop . This is the biggest waste of money .
 Sorry but my cat would have nothing to do with this litter box . I filled it with his usual very good litter and he would not go near it . I think he would have used the floor before going in there . Totally useless to me .
 I rely more on customer reviews than anything else on Amazon . When I see something get 90 % positive reviews I discount the 1 or few negative ones.It did n't play that way this time . I 'm a technically adept person and to understand how this cat box works does n't take a whole lot . The concept of it is great , it follows the best principles of design
 The concept is good but when the litter starts to come out from all over , it is a mess !! Both sides do not stay together longer , the weight of the litter and excrement wears off the locks.It lasted one week !
 I bought one of these from another company and tried it for a while.The words self-cleaning gives you the impression it cleans it 's self . Far from the truth . . You have to roll it to clean it and that takes up a lot of space which was n't very practical in my laundry room , I had to open the door and roll it part way in to the hall way . It does n't hold very much litter and was n't very suitable for multiple cats . It has to be cleaned EVERY day because it holds so little litter and it only sifts the litter for you in to a pull out drawer which often large clumps would not fit into it . In the long run what looked like a good idea turned out to be more trouble than it was worth . Mine ended up in the garage , if your in Phoenix I 'll sell it to you cheap . If you have one cat and lots of space to roll it over and do n't mind emptying the drawer and are dedicated to doing it every day 365 then this might work for you .
 You might as well buy a regular litterbox . This omega is actually messier than a regular litterbox . When you turn it , litter goes all over the floor . The box that collects the clumps gets full after 2 or 3 uses , depending on how much your cat goes . I have 4 cats and he box itself is too small for 3 of my cats to fit in . It has to be turned every single time your cat goes otherwise the clumps do not fit into the collection box . The grill gets sticky and gummy and has to be manually cleaned at least once a day . I used mine for about 5 days before I threw it in the dumpster out back . I didnt even offer to give it to anyone because it was worthless . Oh , I used ther `` premium '' clumping litter and it made no difference .
 I recently purchased The Omega Paw RA20 Self-Cleaning Litter Box . I can assure you it is not self cleaning . The tray where the litter is suppose to accumulate for disposal is positioned so that it is absolutely useless . I still have to clean the box just as I did the old one . The Omega Paw RA20 Self-Cleaning Litter Box does not live up to it 's claim !!! 10/25/2006 - I must apologize . It was user misunderstanding . I did n't understand that I needed to turn the litter box upside down in order for the waste tray to work . Needless to say , I am happy that I no longer have to scoop litter , but I find that I have to vaccum after each cleaning . All-in-all I will give it 3 stars .
 Not only do the clumps fall into the shovel container but also a lot of the unused kitty litter -LRB- which is not cheapO then the unused kitty litter in the shovel along with the unused kitty litter has to be sifted in order to retain the unusded kitty litter . Used kitty litter gets into the run that holds the screen in place and creates a clumpy mess that has to be washed in order to get the clump out of the crease , I give the product a 1/2 out of 5 points , and the half is for effort . Thanks anyway . I would return the kitty box for credit but while I was putting the self cleaning box together one of the cats urinated in the cardboard box and made it unuseable . If you can send another box you can have the product back . Sheila
 Now that I 've had this box in use for a while , I realize that , from my cat 's perspective , it must be like being forced to use the filthiest men 's gas station bathroom every single day of her life . Tipping this thing over leaves cat-mess residue all over the walls and the ceiling -LRB- just because it 's not visible to the eye does n't mean it 's not there -RRB- ... clumps of soiled litter get caught in the filtering screen along the side , and there are always small chunks of soiled litter that I need to manually scoop out after the tipping , because they broke off and went back and forth through the filter -- I use Swheat Scoop , and do n't want to change to something that clumps more firmly because I like that it 's chemical-free . The way the clips are set up , it 's a hassle to just remove the top and scoop the thing out like a regular litter box.Litter also escapes around the pull-out scoop if I do n't hold it very firmly in place while tipping it around and over . So I 'm guaranteed a sweep-up every time I clean the box.I consider this litter box a waste of my money . Tonight I 'm going to the pet store for a traditional litter box -- wish I had n't thrown out my cat 's old one .
 My cats are totally ignoring this thing . When I first put it out - I took the old one away and both cats pooped on the floor . I put it back and they used the old one . I took the lid off so it 's just the bottom tray and cat litter and they are ignoring it . I moved it to a lower floor - they have ignored it for about a month now . It 's much smaller than their normal litter boxes so I assume they just prefer their old larger boxes . I at least tested the rolling waste removal feature and it 's somewhat lame . Cat litter everywhere if you are not very , very careful . Nice idea - but it needs to be bigger . Waste of $ 30 .
 I HAVE TWO LARGE CATS . THE CLUMPING LITTER I USE MAKES BIG CLUMPS AND UNLESS A SCOOP WAS USED TO BREAK THEM INTO SMALL PIECES THERE IS NO WAY THEY WOULD GO IN CONTAINER BECAUSE THE OPENING IS WAY TOO SMALL . SO WHY DO ALL THE TURNING OVER IF IT STILL HAS TO BE SCOOPED OUT AND THE WAY IT IS MADE MAKES IT HARDER TO SCOOP . HAD IT WORKED IT WOULD HAVE BEEN IDEAL AND EASY BUT THE SPACE AT THE TOP OF THE CONTAINER IS N'T EVEN AN INCH . I WAS DISAPPOINTED . MORE RESEARCH NEEDS TO BE DONE TO IMPROVE THIS PRODUCT .
 This is not worth your time . Not what you expect at all . Better off with the regular box or ponying up for the real deal .
 I 've had this box for several years , and it has never worked ! Though I had no problem securing the lid so that it stayed on and did not spill litter when I rolled it , the fact is , the tray barely catches anything and leaves a lot behind that still needs to be cleaned up . Additionally , a lot of cats -LRB- mine included -RRB- do not care for a lid as it makes the box retain more odor , so I had to leave the lid off . Now I just use it as a regular litter box , but the little grooves where the tray is supposed to go get all mucked up and are hard to clean . I give up . I 'm going to try the Breeze - hope its not another waste of money !
 I was bored tonight and read through almost a hundred reviews of this thing . Im 30 years old , and pretty busy with work and life . I 'm totally convinced that 95 out of the 100 reviewers I read are , either much older , or have much more time then I do to deal with cat litter . I have two cats . I had this box for about three months , and I spent more time messing with it then if I just would have laid down a plastic box and filled it with litter . It was fairly cheap , so I took a chance , but for those of us in the fast lane , I 'd suggest spending the extra money and looking at the Scoop Free LB1 Self-Cleaning Litter Box . Cost me a buck , but 3 more months in , no mess , no hassle and no problems . It 's not perfect , but it cuts down on the time you have to spend dealing with the litterbox , and my two cats have had no problem getting used to it , because it looks pretty much like a litterbox you 'd buy in wal-mart or wherever , unlike that other one that looks like R2D2 and costs twice as much . -LRB- Litterbot or Litter Robot , I think ? -RRB-
 Very hard to assemble . Plastic not molded right . Tabs were poorly aligned . Strange smudges in the plastic . This design wastes more cat litter . It does not separate well .
 This litter box works great in theory , but in the end I still have to take the top off to scoop everything out like I would a regular litter box . The spaces in the grate are too large , more often then not pieces of my cats poop go through the grate instead of being caught by it . Also , despite the face that I got the `` Large '' box , the space inside for the cat to use is still quite small , as a result her poop often gets stuck to the side of it . I would not recommend this box for anyone , it 's just a waste of money as it is .
 No less work than cleaning out a real litter box . We eventually took the lid off and just use the base . Requires a lot of space to roll . Our small children who take care of their own cats were intimidated by it . Also , kittens seems to not like the covered environment . When we removed the cover &#34; accidents &#34; elsewhere in the house came to a stop .
 fine dust ends up on floor when using this , and no door leaves a constant litter box odor in the air .
 The concept seems great but in actual use it did n't work very well . First , the regular size is too small for any cat . A small or normal size cat does not have the room to bury his solid waste business . My cat did n't like the concept so he peed on my bed to let me know his disdain for the unit . Secondly , it 's hard to see if there 's any deposits and if you roll it without clumps and do n't do it just right the litter tray fills with litter . I 'm sure my rolling technique needs improving but the whole unit is going in the plastics recycle bin . Even if it worked for my cat as advertised , scooping is actually less of a hassle all things considered .
 I was seriously disappointed with this product . The space inside was a LOT smaller than I had expected and the opening was so small , it was difficult for my kittens to get in and out easily . Additionally , the whole `` roll and clean '' thing did n't work very well . All in all , I would not recommend this item to anyone .
 I was so excited to get this litter box . The idea seemed great , and with all the positive reviews , what was there to lose ? Apparently a lot of time and part of my sanity.The premise is that you roll the litter box and a screen filters the clotted litter into a separate compartment . This might work for some people if the litter clumps tightly and firmly.My issues are numerous . Firstly , the hole the cat goes in is fairly low . This causes litter to not only be tracked , but to spill when the cat tried to bury waste . Litter also flies out the edges when you try and tilt the box to clean it.Tilting did n't work at all for me to clean it . I would get clumps in the waste compartment , plus a ton of clean litter ! A lot of clumps also stay in the main compartment of the box.Further , I find the screen the is suppose to separate clean and dirty litter tends to break up urine clumps , resulting in numerous tiny clumps that are impossible to skim out and reek of ammonia.The screen and notches that hold the screen in place create lots of places for waste to get stuck . I regularly have to clean these places with paper towels.Right now I 'm using it as a regular litter box . I 'm going to try it with Arm and Hammer Super Clumping Litter next -LRB- I 'm using their natural litter , which I previously liked -RRB- . If that does n't work it 's off to the Tidy Cat system . If it does work , I 'll update my review appropriately .
 Got the smaller one , suits a small-regular cat OK.On the down side
 I received the Omega Paw Self Cleaning Litter Box as a holiday gift from a well meaning friend . It does not work for me . The Omega Paw Self Cleaning Litter Box is quite large and therefore requires a lot of room to roll it back and forth and also weighs more than I had anticipated -LRB- 14 pounds jug of litter plus a few pounds of the box itself -RRB- . My biggest problem though is that I have arthritis in my hands and getting the plastic top `` locked '' into place is very difficult and painful . It is n't an easy task for anyone to do . You need to remember that this action is not a one time thing ; every time you change the litter you need to take it apart and then reassemble . I have emailed the seller and the manufacturer about returning the product but after 4 weeks I have not had the courtesy of a reply . I wish it were otherwise but I would not recommend this item .
 I purchased this based on all the positive reviews and I must say I 'm disappointed . Firstly , it needs to be cleaned every 2-3 days due to a very small area for the cat to do his business . I just measured it at 18 X 10 where as the whole unit is monstrous . Just to clean it requires lots of contortions . I have to remove whatever 's on top and then rearrange a large area to roll in in . Even when I do it every few days it still clogs my tray . Most times the waste tray will open during this procedure and litter/poop gets spilled . At least with a normal litter box , I can just scoop something without all the gyrations.Overall ... I 'd say it 's a nice concept but it 's made very cheaply and does n't work as well as I had hoped .
 This is one of those YMMV things -LRB- your mileage may vary -RRB- . There are alot of people who love it and some who do n't . I have to say I really did not care for this litter box.-The litter falls out through the cracks on the sides because the clips do not hold the top nd bottom together very tightly . It was also way too small for my cats . I have a cat who is has some mental retardation from a near death experience on the operating table . He had a real problem fitting in it and would end up just sticking his butt out and end of peeing on the floor.-Not all the clumps would fall into the drawer . Then I would have to clean it out with a scooper.-You can only fill it with a small amount of litter or else when you turned it on its side the litter falls out the opening . The clumps then have a greater chance of sticking to the litter box and not falling through the grill.I think this has potential , especially if it were bigger and the bottom and hood fit snuggly . From the reviews it obviously works for some people , just not for me . I will continue looking for the litter box of my dreams .
 I have 3 kitties and limited space for several litter boxes so I was hoping for one big one . After reading so many great reviews , I purchased a large Omega Paw box . It was great for the first few months then I moved to a new apartment with hardwood floors , the floors are completely scratched up now . When you roll the litter box , a little litter seeps out and then bits of it stay on the floor and over time will stick to the top of the box and scratch the floor when you roll it unless of course you have time to completely sweep the area every time you `` scoop '' . After a while when it was no longer as smooth on the inside of course from the gritty litter , litter started to stick to the bottom and the sides and along the slots of the sifter and on the inside of the disposal compartment and trying to scrape it was a nightmare . I had to completely take it apart and scrub it about once a week , because the litter would get so stuck to every part of the box , even the inside top of it , it was a 30 minute task at least once a week to just wash it . I began to absolutely dread litter box cleaning day until I took it and threw it out . I 'd rather deal with a little extra hassle scooping the conventional way than dealing with the amount of cleaning this box required and it 's so massive and you would have to scrub and scrub to get all the litter off . I really hated this thing so much that I wish I could have set it on fire !!!
 I thought this litter box was great for the first few weeks , however , I found that I was getting a bigger mess inside because my cat would spray on the walls inside and the combination of the rolling action and the clumping cat litter did not make my life any easier ! Cleaning the grill inside was frustraing ! If you 're looking for ease in cleaning your cat litter box - resign yourself to the fact it needs to be cleaned daily and check out alternative litters like those made from wheat or corn ! Unlike clumping clay there is little dust , clumps great , and best of all no gooey stuck on clumps . -LRB- I would n't recommend it for this type of litter box because the granules are too big . -RRB-
 I could not help but notice over a hundred reviews , many short and uninformative , raving about this product posted a day apart for weeks on end . This , after Smart Money ran an expose ' on false positive reviews online.That said , I did buy this in hopes of making a nasty job easier and it is a good idea . But in reality it does not really save any time and , after a month of rolling it , my wife and I ended up removing the screen and just scooping it like any other litter box . The reviews that mention that it leaks when you roll it are correct , though some litters that have less dust are not as bad . The review that states that it creates another mess by coating the inside walls with litter dust is correct also . For the product to work well , it needed to have been made of a more rigid plastic with a gasket to seal the dust in where the top and bottom connect . But even if it worked as advertised as seemingly `` hundreds '' of reviews would have you believe , you still have a drawer of messy litter to dispose of which means you just have one BIG scoop instead of several smaller ones , you periodically have to take it apart and scoop the litter that sticks inside , and because of the rolling , you have to take the whole thing apart and clean it as well .
 The box is OK for those days when you just do n't have time to clean out the box . Just tilt the box over to the side until you do n't hear any more chunks falling to the top , then tilt it back and the chunks get deposited into the waste removal basket and the sand slides back into the part the kitty uses . Takes about 30 seconds to clean the cat box . You can get the big chunks cleaned out , but you do n't really get the sand very clean . It 's full of waste and some of the chunks are n't so small . I still have to clean it at least twice a week the old fashion way.The cat box is HUGE and requires a lot of space to roll it over . I have to move it out of my service porch to roll it , yet the part the cat uses is not very big in comparison , and I have the large box for a single , small cat.It 's really messy . When I roll it , even though it is closed and locked properly , it gets litter all over . When the cat uses the box he kicks sand out all the time . There is a huge mess every time . I wish there was some kind of flap on the front to keep the sand from getting all over.All in all , If I had it to do over , I would n't spend the money . It 's a great idea . I do n't think it needs to be so tall . It would be easier to handle if it were n't . I wish the screen was smaller so it would clean the sand better , and the doggy door kind of flap to keep the sand in the box better.UPDATE
 Great concept . Cheap material , flawed design.I got lucky . I must 've gotten a really flawed one.After seeing such high reviews on this , I decided to purchase it . It worked great for the first few times . Then it started to not filter right . When I pulled out the tray , much clean litter along with the dirty litter filled it up completely . I dumped all litter out and figured the filter must have not fastened right . I reassembled the pieces and it worked fine again . Then after a few more times it started to fill up the tray again . Also , the litter started seeping out through the edges when I rolled even when I locked the locks . Now it 's becoming a complete hassle as I end up with more mess than a regular litter box . I also think my cats are not very fond of it as the space for them to actually do their business is very cramped , especially when this is a hooded litter box . I ended up discarding this litter box and bought a larger hooded antimicrobial litter box and started scooping it everyday . It 's actually not as much of a hassle as I thought it would be , and it 's healthier for the cats anyway . Cleaner , less bacteria , less odor , happier kitty cats .
 It is possible that I could just not find the best litter to work with this product ; however , I tried many . This product worked okay with fine litters , but not at all with clay or crystal litters . This was a big fat waste of money ; go to WalMart or a discount store and just get a covered litter box for $ 5 .
 Ok , so I really , really , really wanted to love this product . I was thinking that it would make life easy since my husband & I both work full time . Plus I was thinking , no more cat pan liners to buy , etc. . However , this is by far the stinkiest cat box I 've ever had . I 've had inside cats for about 20 years so I 'm well experienced on how they should/should not smell . It does n't take a genius to work this box . You roll it over , pop the box a couple of times to clear out the sticky litter , roll it back , pull out the tray , dump the waste , then make sure the litter is spread back on the bottom . When I pull out the used litter tray , there is some used litter in there , true enough . However , I have to repeat the process of rolling several times because there 's sticky litter stuck on the bottom of litter box . I also noticed today , that the litter was stuck to the top & in the tray area as well -- yuck !!! Unless I completely change out the litter , I can never fully get the used litter out . I clean the box every day so it 's not like I 'm letting it build up before cleaning . I also use a good brand clumping litter that I used to use in the girls ' old box -- it did n't stink in their old box . So I 'm ordering another brand & type litter box that I can use the cat pan liners in again . At least with the liners , I can pull them up daily & work out all the clumps . Long story short , if you do n't mind your home smelling like a dirty cat box , please buy this product . But if you want your home to smell cat box free , do n't buy .
 This litter box looks good and has good intensions but is messy to use and really makes more work and than just scooping the box . Would not recomend this product .
 This litter-box is utterly disgusting . When you roll the litter-box around , to move the dirty litter into the small bin ; all the dirty litter slides across the top of the litter-box and stays there . Very unsanitary for animal . I should have thought about the mechanism before purchasing .
 I had great expectations from this box , but it is a complete waste of my money ! It is flimsily made - the latches are difficult to move , the drawer does not stay in place , so it moves around when you try to clean the box . I have only had this box for 3 weeks , and I am getting rid of it and going back to the old box . This one smells constantly , even right after I clean it . I do n't think all of the used litter goes into the tray to empty . And I dumped it and cleaned it and totally replaced the litter after about a week , and still two days later the box has a worse odor than the old style litter box . Please do n't waste your money on this - try some other kind of litter box .
 I read reviews on this product and was very excited to receive it in the mail . I admit , for the first week it worked like a dream.Since then , it has been a nightmare . Everytime I flip it to clean the litter , litter leaks from the seams and makes large piles on my floor that have to be vacuumed up . This is in addition to the large amount of litter my cat kicks out of the opening . Worst of all , the scoop , which is supposed to fill with refuse only , is now filling with little and not collecting the refuse . I have opened it to try and fix it multiple times , resulting in more mess . The clips that hold the cover on are not sturdy and are difficult to move back and forth , adding to my irritating.For a product that is supposed to save me time and mess , it 's doing the opposite . Sadly , it appears the best option is the simplest - your old litter box .
 I mostly got this cat litter box based on the high reviews that it got . Yes , I understand the concept and how to work it . But , hell , it 's gross when poop gets stuck in the little plastic filter as you are rolling the box to the side . I found that it was more difficult to deal with than your standard scooping box . This was a not so cheap litter box and I wish I could get my money back but I refuse to return a poopy box , lol .
 I purchased this litter box a few days ago . Assembled it in about 10 minutes . Left it our for my 2 kitties to get used to it . They are now using it only and the other icky box is gone outside!PROs - Ease of use and cleanliness.CONs - You need to roll it over a few times to clear the area for kitty . They really should install a handle near the sides to make gripping easier . Do n't try to look into the box right after rolling it or you will get an eye full of cat sand debris.UPDATE
 I so wanted to give this five stars and , if I 'd written the review the first week , this would have five stars . We 've had this box three months and I 'm now looking for a replacement . The latches broke within a month so the lid falls off easily and the grate does not stay in place . We are going to toss this one . Still , just because I am hopeful that somebody will make a quality rolling litter box , I am giving this two stars .
 I read the reviews before purchasing this litterbox . It was awful for us.First of all , it stinks . Stinks , stinks , stinks . We used scented litter , same as we used to use . But what we found was , at least with our kitten , the fresh material stuck to the ROOF and the screen so that stink was constant . We also found that only the large pieces fell into the cup . When I dumped the litter there were dozens and dozens of little pieces still in the box.It was ok to turn over and turn back but it 1 -RRB- requires space and 2 -RRB- releases lots and lots of litter dust.Not a fan . We switched to Breeze with Feline Pine .
 I bought several of these litter boxes after reading the reviews . If they were well made , they would work well , but they are not . Litter gets in between the pieces making the edges not line up , and litter leaks out when the box is tilted . Also , the grate that separates the clumps from the litter comes unsnapped -LRB- and eventually breaks -RRB- making it useless . I clean these boxes the old way now - remove the lids and scoop . Great design idea , but they are just too flimsy and cheaply made to work as intended .
 I bought this locally and I 'm planning on taking it back after a single use.The latches will not stay locked.Litter leaks out of the unit and gets all over the floor.The sliding drawer that catches clumps catches as much clean litter as it does waste.Getting fresh litter back into the open side of the box requires significant effort.I am not sure how this item has worked out for as many people as the reviews here indicate .
 Definitely an improvement over the open litter boxes that we had ... but not the `` wonder '' litter box that I had hoped it to be ... I do n't know about anyone else , but both the hand sifters and the sifter inside this box do not sift out the `` feces crumbs '' that break away from the large clumps of waste . So , I 'm still waiting for someone to invent the perfect or at least , better litter box ... this is n't it . Save your money and just buy an enclosed box -LRB- which we did n't have , so this is better in that sense -RRB- .
 I 've had this type litter box for many years . This one here is disappointing because the plastic clips that hold the box together are not good . I already have 1 that broke . I 'm always very carefull when putting the box back together after cleaning it and do n't understand why it broke so easy . I glued it with crazy glue but of course it did n't hold . So I 'm very disappointed .
 I was expecting to love this litter box because it was recommended to me at a veterinarian 's office . However , one of the sliding latches does not close and litter drips out when I turn the box over causing extra work vacumning up the littler . It is heavy and ackward for me to roll over . The best part is that the waste DOES fall into the internal box and it is easy to remove and throw away . That was what I was hoping for and got . Since I purchased it on line and threw away the shipping box , I have no idea how to deal with the manufacturer about a defective product . If it closed property , I would deal with the ackwardness of rolling it over . It would be very difficult to find a large box and ship it backc to the factory . Cost around $ 32 . Any suggestions ?
 I bought this box because of the price and the fact that so many people claimed that it was a good product . Before I purchased mine at petsmart , I inspected it for all of the clips , it was in perfect condition . As I left the store , an employee stopped me to say that it was the `` best litterbox ever '' . I disagree . After two weeks , one of the clips broke , rendering it useless . I emailed the company , provided them my address and never received the clips that they promised . Two months later , I emailed about the clips , this time around they completely ignored my email . I emailed them again today but after five months of asking for the same thing , I 'm over it.This box sucks . The company sucks even more .
 Still looking for a self cleaning litter box ! My biggest complaint is the general quality of this cat litter box . The plastic drawer did n't fit well which made getting the cat turds into the designated area difficult . Plus , I really did n't like rolling around -LRB- mixing up -RRB- all of the litter -LRB- Maybe that 's just me ? -RRB- which would make the room smell really bad .
 I 've tried every different way there is , my son tried , too , but only got a turd or so . No urine clumps . All the litter goes through this filter , but then it ALL goes back into the litter box . With most of the poop and urine clumps back inside the litter box . If anyone has used this litter box and got it to work , please let me know what you did !!
 I ordered this for my two new kittens , who used it just fine , cover and all . At first I like it , as it made cleaning the box pretty simple . However , after the initial reaction , I though it was sort of a pain . It 's pretty heavy , and so tilting it and getting it back up correctly can be annoying , especially when , as mine did , the plastic pieces that hold the top and the bottom together stop doing their job . This results in spilled litter . It really does n't get all of the clumps either , meaning you have to tilt it more than once or use a scooper anyway . The odor was not pleasant . I am returning it , as I gotVan Ness Extra Giant Enclosed Cat Panto cut down on odor . I LOVE this litter box , and my kittens use it just fine . There is NO smell whatsoever , which is great in a small space . Overall , I found the Omega box to be lacking in construction and not really worth the trouble . I spent just as much time using the `` self-cleaning '' method for that box as I do scooping out my new one . If you 're just really sick of scooping multiple boxes or you have teens who have to do it as a chore , then maybe this one 's okay for you . I , however , prefer not to smell the litterbox .
 I do n't post reviews on a lot of products , but I felt I needed to on this one . I too bought this product after reading all the good reviews on it because I wanted something easier to clean . At first , things worked very well , and I was thrilled with this box . However , as other reviewers have stated , the sifting mechanism takes up a lot of space inside the box -LRB- even though I purchased the bigger box -RRB- , and it comes out of its slots easily . Then it is a pain to reset everything so it works properly again . My cat also pees on the edges of the box which results in the litter sticking to the sides and not being sifted . Much more litter goes and stays through the sifting mechanism which results in a lot of waste . It is difficult to determine the correct amount of litter to put in the pan , and the cats tend to kick it out of the opening when trying to bury their waste . Unless this is sifted daily , my cats -LRB- I have 2 of them -RRB- will poop and pee on the floor because there is not enough space inside the box . I have not had a problem with the clips yet -LRB- had the box about 4 months -RRB- , but they are pretty flimsy for the weight that is put on them . I end up sifting this box the old fashioned way , so I 'm just going to switch back to a regular bigger box and hope for better results .
 Please , if you are looking for a self cleaning litter box , do n't give in to this one !! I usually do n't take the time to leave a review but , this litter box has been the worst purchse I have ever made ! We did not want to spend the hundred bucks for the litter box that cleans itself so looking on amazon for a self cleaning litter box alternative seemed like the right thing to do . This is NOT the answer ! this box has a good concept but is so poorly made , it leaks litter EVERYWHERE when you turn it over to `` Scoop '' it . The idea is to turn it completely upside down so that all of the litter either falls throug the grates -LRB- if it is clean -RRB- or continues into the cup -LRB- if it is a large mass -RRB- PROBLEMS - box is sooo cheaply put together that as you turn the box it spills litter all over your floor ... unless you clean your litter daily , it clumps largely and is too large to pull out of the scoop that is built in . We have had this litter box for a few months and the only reason we have had it this long is become we are saving for the money to purchase a REAL SCOOP FREE litter box !! Take it from me , do n't waste your time or money on this box , if I thought it was worth anything , I would try to re-sell it , but it 's crap and I would n't wish this on anyone !
 I would never recommend this cat litter box I purchased . The cover was very hard to fasten and remove . The cleaning was not good as it never cleaned properly the way the instructions said it would . I finally threw the cover away and just use the bottom as a regular litter box . Very expensive lesson was learned as this was an expensive `` box '' only . Arleda Broad
 I had high hopes for this box after reading the reviews on Amazon but after I received it , I realized I would not be able to use it as intended for my cats . The part of the box that is actually available for a cat is much smaller than what appears in the photos -LRB- even for the large box -RRB- . There just is n't enough space for my cats to comfortably turn around and dig inside the litterbox.The top of the box has to be latched into the bottom part for the `` self-cleaning '' steps . This means that cleaning the litter box is not simple . Perhaps , if your litter clumps never sticks to the sides it might work.Anyway , I have ended up using only the bottom of the Omega box as a regular open litter box . The cats sometimes use the top that I have placed elsewhere as an igloo !
 After reading rave reviews , I purchased this product last fall . While putting it together I noticed a lot of extra plastic in the latching areas making it difficult to latch . Occasionally , the inside screen pops out of place which prevents the whole purpose of filtering out the litter clumps . While rolling the litter box upside down , litter gets into the crevice where the top platform of the screen snaps down causing it to work its way out of place . I have to ocasionally take the top off to vacuum the litter out of the crevice . Just last week , one of the latches completely broke , and now I have to use one hand to hold the corners of the box together while using the other hand to roll the litterbox . Otherwise all the litter pours out onto the floor . This product sounded like a great idea , but in truth , it is made with very poor quality . I had an easier time cleaning out the traditional litter boxes , which I will be shopping for very soon . -LRB- And , yes , I did have this product assembled correctly . -RRB-
 has a design flaw but great idea - the tabs are so flimsy i returned it just after trying to put it together . even that almost made them break - i ca n't imagine having to use them for months on end and BELIEVE ME - the design of this box makes it so that the tabs are extremely important . if they break , the whole thing is unusable
 I had high hopes for this litter box , based on the many positive reviews here . HOWEVER , unless your cats pee squarely in the center of the box , and only in a shallow layer , this box is n't convenient . If there are clumps on the sides of the box , they tend to stay put during the flipping over process , then have to be manually removed , which leaves nasty gunk on the sides that you ca n't get to to clean properly . Taking the lid off repeatedly to give the necessary cleaning risks damaging the little clips that hold the box together , which kinda defeats the purpose . When clumps do form , the flipping over process inevitably dislodges some small pieces that do n't get sifted out , so they need to be removed by hand -LRB- scoop -RRB- , which is very tricky . The sifter grate also collects clumps , and it 's a nightmare to clean . If it were n't such a hassle to return it , I would . I 'll stick to buying bulky items like these from an online retailer that has brick and mortar stores for returns.ETA
 I really wanted to like it . I liked the idea of not having to get so up close and personal with cat poop all the time but it just did n't work very well . The litter stuck to the bottom too much so I ended up having to take it apart and scrape off the bottom and remove the smaller chunks that fit through the screen every few days . The worst part was the litter that clumped to the screen . It had to be scraped and rinsed off which was a less than pleasant experience . After a couple weeks I was going to wash it out because it started to smell to much like cat pee but I just decided to throw it away instead , it was less work just to scoop the poop by hand .
 I am using a high absorbent litter in the box ; however , when I rolled the box to the right to clean , urine leaked out onto my floor . I 'm not sure how it happened and I do n't recall seeing other reviews about this problem , but that has been my experience . I think the best option for me is to go back to using a standard enclosed litter box and continue to scoop the clumps out with the scooper .
 I thought I would be buying something that would be a lot better than scooping litter out . 1st I noticed it is using way too much cat litter . When I go to pull out the thing for the poop , it is mainly cat litter & even if I rock it back & forth , I end up with either no poop , or nothing to pull out . I would not recomment this to anyone that is looking for a self cleaning box , I was using up an entire 20 pound bag of litter in less than 1 week , and still was not getting all the cat poop . I am back to taking the top off to get the poop without getting all the clean litter out , so do not buy this one , I 'm going back to my old one as it is bigger , and holds more , and this one is worthless !
 Our cats pee against the edge of the box a lot , so the litter tends to stick to the wall somewhat . Not a problem to remove typically , but not going to separate from the wall with just a roll , so we ended up still having to use the scooper . Also , I found it difficult to roll without getting clean litter in the removal tray , but that could just be the type of litter I used.Unrelated to my review of the product functionality , one of our cats decided she did n't like the new box and started peeing outside the box , so be hesitant before switching to a new type of box . We switched back to a regular box and problem solved .
 I purchased this product a few months ago and have used it since . The concept is a good one , but there are a few major flaws , such as :1 -RRB- the filter grate let 's small pieces through thereby never trapping them in the receptacle .2 -RRB- The filter grate does n't snap into place at the base . There are holder tabs , but the grate is not secure and that makes it not work properly .3 -RRB- The top portion of the litter box does not `` seal . '' It 's somewhat tight , but there is litter seeping from the seams everytime it 's cleaned . Every time!With a couple important modifications , this could be a really terrific product . But , I 'm in the market for soemthing better !
 The reviews for this were so positive that I could n't wait for mine to arrive . However , I have n't had such good luck with it in the month or so I 've owned it so far.The problem is that once I 've rolled it to the right to collect the clumps , a slight leftward roll/tap does not sufficiently send the clean litter back into the bin , but keeps it in the disposal tray . Perhaps it 's because Feline Pine clumping litter is very lightweight relative to sand/silica/clay litter , but it 's just not working at all . On top of that , any effort to gently tap the clean litter from the right side of the box ends up spilling litter out the front.I was really hoping this would be a life-changing product , but so far I 'm disappointed .
 I am editing a previously glowing review on this item . I had it for a few months and suddenly litter started spilling everywhere whenever I rolled it . I examined it and found that the plastic grate on the inside was not fitting properly . I contacted customer service , and they offered to replace the part , to which I agreed . I never got a reply . I contacted them again to follow up on it and , again , never got a reply . I finally contacted them a 3rd time , a little perturbed by this point and , once again , no reply . I wound up throwing it away when I moved because it was virtually useless -LRB- aside from incredibly messy -RRB- without a properly functioning grate . This * was * an amazing product until the grate warped for no reason whatsoever and they did n't comply with their promise to replace it . Very disappointing , to say the least , and money essentially thrown in the litter box . : -LRB-
 I liked it , and initially thought it was great . But I have owned it for less than 60 days , and the clips that hold the top to the bottom have broken rendering inoperable . I can no longer `` roll '' it , it is now just a regular litter box with a lid . And to add to the disappointment , I ca n't return it . Broken in less than 60 days , and I ca n't return it for a refund or exchange !!! Not right . The clicks are not strong enough . All I did was `` roll-it '' twice a day and then removed the litter as instructed . I will look around and see if I received any kind of product guarantee but I doubt it .
 Not good for corner & side whizzers . I was really excited about this product , but after using it for 2 months I find that it 's no good . My cat is not that big -LRB- 11 lbs -RRB- yet the large box seemed too small for her . She would sometimes poop outside the box on the floor -LRB- disgusting !! -RRB- or have her body half outside of the box in order to cover her waste . Also , they should make the lid clear so you can see what 's going on inside because there may be stains that get all over the sides if you flip the box when the cat has just gone .
 I agree with Cat Lady . I 've had this box for about a year now and it 's been more of a pain than it is convenient . The rolling option is nice , but lots of little pieces go through the grating and clumps somehow get stuck on the other side of the grating/wall that sit there until you clean the whole box and find a whole army of nuggets . My biggest problem with the box is that I thought this would be big enough for our cat -LRB- 15-16lbs -RRB- , but it 's not . He 's able to get through the hole , but there 's no room inside of the box . He 's housebroken , yet he still does n't find enough room in the box , so his butt sticks out of the entrance of the box and he leaves a little mess on the mat for me to clean up . The grating/wall takes about 1/3 of the box up . I took the top off of the litter box and he had no problems . The design needs to be revisited , or why not create an XL version?Bottom line , not big enough for large cats .
 When I first received this cat box , I loved it for about 2 weeks . Then I started to notice every time that I would roll the box litter would spill out . The slides that hold the box together slips and spills litter . I would have loved this box if I did n't have to pick up the spilled litter every time I use it .
 I thought this would make life easier ... to have a dipping of the container and collect the clumps , but too much loose litter comes , too ... and it is more awkward than just shoveling the clumps out of the cheaper box models.I would n't recommend this product . Too extravagant for what it provides .
 The design is great and it makes emptying the litter box a slightly easier chore . Unfortunately , one of the sliding tabs that holds the lid onto the base broke already . This makes it unusable because the litter leaks out when the box is rolled . I should be able to fix the tab but I 'm disappointed that one of them broke already . If they had used a more durable material for the tabs , I 'm sure this would n't have happened . Oh well , you get what you pay for .
 we recently adopted a stray cat and i went searching the web for a litter box . we 've only ever owned dogs so this was very new to me . I came across the omega paw and thought it was an awesome idea !! i 've had the box for a lil over two weeks and i 've already given up on the rolling . it never dawned on me that turning it completely over would leave the pooh to roll along the grate and ceiling leaving the box extremely funky after you `` cleaned '' it . not to mention you 're supposed to clean it everyday because the space is so small . Instead of throwing it out , i removed the tray -LRB- so now she has a lil window to peep out of lol -RRB- and the divider so she can use the entire box and i open and scoop ! MUCH roomier and less smelly !!
 the large never closed right . we replaced the 1st and the 2nd did n't work either . We taped and untaped for awhile , but come on - . The box itself requiers maintainance , so how does that safe time ? We are looking at automatics .
 I got this to replace a top-entry litterbox which was great for keeping litter off the floor . Problem was , kitty is getting on in years and her knees are n't up to the jumping that a top-entry box requires . So I got this one based on the positive reviews . It works fine , definitely better than scooping every day . Some comments : Cleanliness
 I was looking forward to not scooping any more ... but this product did not work for me . I have 2 diabetic cats and their urine is very sticky ... so the clumps stick to the bottom of the box and do not roll into the container . So , now I have to clean and return it !
 I gave this item as a gift to my niece , and unfortunately she tells me it does not work at all . . The waste does not go where it 's supposed to , it ends up with the litter ... I was hoping that this would be a much cheaper manual version of the Litter Robot -LRB- which works amazing well , BTW - but at a steep price tag ! -RRB- , but unfortunately it 's not ... So until they come up with an improved version - if they can , my niece will have to stick with scooping the old fashioned way ... We are returning it ...
 This product came without the clips to keep it secure . Had to jerry rig it and the litter still comes out all over the place . I had one before so I know how it 's supposed to work.How they could send one like this is beyond me . Do not order from these people !! Would have given it no stars if I could .
 The idea seems nice but it just does n't work ... it leaks the litter everywhere and it 's too heavy ... disappointed ! Will return for sure .
 The product is great in concept but makes more of a mess and is more trouble than it 's worth . First of all , the latches on the sides that are supposed to hold the top on either did n't close all the way or completely came undone . Especially when I tilted the box per the instructions . Is a matter of fact , every time I did tilt the box to get the cat waste into the drawer , cat litter would leak out all over the place . Not only that , the dispenser drawer itself got filled with more litter than the waste which was left behind in the cat box . It was n't supposed to work that way but it did . I returned the box and I 'm back to the old fashion way which just seems easier .
 Purchase this litter box 3 months ago or so . . I have two cats sharing the Large Omega Paw Self-cleaning litter box . First off , I wish this litter box comes with odor absorbing filter because it has cause my room to stink a lot more before.Other than the regular cleaning by rotating litter box . I still have to open the litter and scoop out the smaller pieces that pass thru the gap when rotating.Will be switching back to my old litter box .
 This looked like a good deal since I have 3 cats and get tired of shoveling through the litter box . However , after a few days I realized the negative things that concerned me . You can only use a small amount of litter , it does not control the dust problem , you have to roll it 3 - 4 times a day for the best results . So it 's back to the litter box for me .
 Seriously . I was woo 'd by the idea of a less cumbersome litter box . The honest truth of the matter is that this is just a DIFFERENT solution to the same problem . I never found it to be that difficult to simply lift the lid off of the litter box . With this one , you need plenty of space to roll , tip , shake , roll back , tip again and then tip backwards to add more litter . No liner , means smelly ... period ... even on day one . If you have more than one cat ... clumps can be big , this will defeat the purpose . Just get a normal litter box ... you will be happier.On a side , Antik from Amazon 's customer service was a star , so I do not have to feel jipped at the end of the day .
 I bought this litterbox in September of 2010 and began using it in October.At first it was amazing , no leaks , no issues , easy cleaning - AMAZING!BUT -LRB- and this is a huge one -RRB- less than one month after purchasaing it , one of he plastic snaps broke and thus we could no longer tip it to clean it -LRB- which is the whole point of the box -RRB- . I was debating purchasing another one thinking maybe the one I got was faulty , but after seeing all the reviews about the snaps breaking , I wo n't waste my money -LRB- and neither should you -RRB- . we have since removed the filter and used it as a `` regular '' litterbox.off to find something new now!do not bother buying this !!!
 This litterbox is a total disappointment . It is NOT self-cleaning , you need to clean it constantly . When a cat urinates the litter clumps and spreads and it does not go into the collector box , so you end up dis-assembling the entire box to dig the clumps out . There are plastic clips that hold the box together which will not hold up through very many re-assembling bouts .
 I was really hoping this would be a great help in cleaning out the litter box duties , but it failed miserably . I ca n't believe anyone likes this box . The very first time we tried rolling it , a huge amount of litter spilled out onto the floor . There is no good way to get this to stay closed without a lot of trouble and even then , I 'm not sure it would work very well . There is a ridiculous design flaw that makes this a total failure . I do n't really have the money to waste , so I hope this will help someone who is trying to decide whether or not to buy . DO N'T !
 This is a flimsy mess . The top is a pain to replace and the litter is easily kicked out of the box .
 would have been good if only was n't made so cheaply.genius idea but product totally is awful . the cover does n't stay on.litter gets in the receptable - more trouble than it is worth .
 I really was hoping this would be good bc the other reviews were good . No way , this thing is a joke . Does n't work , make as mess everywhere . I just threw it away .
 Omega Paw Self-Cleaning Litter Box , PewterIt was impossible from the start to put the litter box together properly because the clips would not slide into place or if they did at first , they soon slid right back out again.I tried to follow the instructions but nothing worked the way it was supposed to.I think my cat likes going inside a closed space , but he does n't like sitting around in his own poo.IF I do continue to use this , I will probably simply stick in a rake and get the stuff out that way or put on gloves and pick out the turds one by one.The only reason I 'm likely to keep it at all is that I am soon going to have eye surgery for cataracts and I keep getting dust in my eyes from cat litter . The lid does seem to protect me from that .
 IT WAS EASY TO SET UP ; HOWEVER , i WAS CONSTANTLY RELOCKING TO PREVENT LITTER FROM SPILLING ALL OVER THE PAPER . SO FAR ONLY ONCE DID THE BOX CATCH THE LITTER . NOW I AM USING AS A TRADITIONAL LITTER BOX -LRB- I.E. , SCOOPING THE LITTER OUT MANUALLY -RRB- . IT MAY BE I PUT TOO MUCH LITTER IN THE BOX - ONCE LITTER IS DOWN THEN I WILL RETRY .
 This product worked great for 2 or 3 weeks ! That was the end of it . The litter started being removed with the clumps and the plastic started to break . I had ordered this early so I would be prepared when bringing home the kitty so now the time has passed and it is not worth the trouble to return it . It is a great concept but just did not work very long . Do n't waste your money !
 A good friend of mine recommended this box and the reviews seemed so wonderful that I was actually oddly excited to recieve this product . Unfortunately , when I set it up the front latch did not close properly at all and litter spilled out the sides , all over my floor . I 'm just glad I was able to return this . I am sure if it was better constructed it would be great since the idea of the roll scoop system seems great , but the poor construction makes it a terrible product .
 The box arrived dented and barely closed with one piece of tape . The postmaster informed me she put the tape back in place , so really the box was open when it arrived . The item was cracked down one side making it necessary to send back . I believe due to packaging . As it was in a box way to big and then 4 pieces of brown paper put on top of it . I normally use Amazon for Christmas and good deals ... Not this year.I did recieve a very prompt refund . Maybe it 's time we all consider shopping locally .
 I 'm not sure why so many people are saying how wonderful this contraption is . But its so not true in my case . The first thing I said was wow this is a great invention ... until I got it home . What a waste of money and time . I found myself wondering why the stupid contraption wouldnt allow the litter to `` roll '' and that stupid plastic `` gate '' that holds the mess is just too flimsy . Such a waste ...
 why would you buy this ? This product is spreading the urine and fecal matter all over the box . You are asking for your cat to us your house as a litter box if you buy this !
 THIS CAT BOX SHOULD HAVE A LARGE SIGN WITH IT THAT SAYS
 I just purchased this litter box this past week , after 1 use , I cleaned after 1 cat out of 3 urinated in it and it seeped out of the seams ! Gross ! My floor was soaked and I had over 28lbs of clumping cat little and I use Arm & Hammer Double Duty Cat Litter or Scoop Away . Not cheap stuff ! This Litter box is a complete Scam ! It 's completely useless and bulky and with not way to hang onto it to roll or move easily I can not believe that people were giving it such RAVE reviews . I believe these people were from the stores that are selling these boxes on their sites.Steer away from this litter box . I just lost $ 34 plus $ 20 you need to fill it for it 's size . DO YOURSELF A FAVOR and get something else ! This box is a complete joke . No one should have to roll a 40lb box to clean it every day to keep it cleaned out . That is completely dumb ! Someone can come up with a better idea than this !
 Not what i expected ... it is not self cleaning ... you have to roll it over and back again ... it is not electric or battery operated ... and where your cat goes is way to small . . the box itself is big . . just not where your pet goes to do there bussiness
 Is not self Cleaning . Very misleading ! Opened the box with excitement and started reading the directions to assemble the box . The self cleaning action is you , yourself picking the entire thing up and rotating . This is all done while the litter box is full of litter ! There is no way I would be able to pick the entire thing up and handle it full of litter.Omega Paw Self-Cleaning Litter Box , Large
 What a waste of money . Cat will not use with cover on . Does not clean itself . Only used for a couple days .
 I had high hopes for this item . There are three cats in my household and I thought this would be a better way of cleaning up behind them , but unfortunately , it is not . The time it takes to turn the box on its side to shift the loose litter into the holding tray at the bottom in order for the larger clumps to fall into the pull out tray is time consuming and too much effort . It was much easier scooping it out in a regular litter box tray without the hassle . Also , the side clamps are not secure enough to keep litter from oozing out the sides onto the floor for additional clean up . This is not what I expected it would be better to get an automatic litter box cleaner .
 Bought this due to raving reviews , however this item does not apply to people who live in apartments and small spaces . The item it self takes a lot of space , plus you need extra more space just to roll it over . One the cleaning side , some of the clumps get stuck on the grate so I still have to `` fish '' it out . Litter boxes would have to be thoroughly cleaned at least 1 month , this is much more work and an ordinary litter box.Im still using it since I do n't want to waste my money but I 'll go back to a regular litter box w / manual scooping after 1 year . I have a 2nd litter box -LSB- ... -RSB- and will probably buy the same since this one works wonderfully , no corners to get the clumps stuck and soooooo easy to clean and maintain . 2 cats -LRB- 1 15lbs and 1 20lbs -RRB- 11-18-2010Arggggh as what previous reviews said , the clips are flimsy . I broke the front clip!Less than a month ! I only turn it twice a day -LRB- am & pm -RRB- . Even if I could get a replacement , Im really tired of the extra clean up ... -LRB- stuck stuff in grate -RRB-
 it says that you just turn it on the side and it will sift the litter , this is true . but it does not mention what a mess it makes . the waste drags along the side so the inside of the box gets so dirty the cats wo n't use it . I have to clean it almost every other day b/c the smell gets really bad . also , there is not much room in there for the cats.it is self cleaning , meaning i have to wash it myself to keep it clean.i do n't recommend spending the money . You end up having to clean it out all the time any , there is n't much of a difference from scooping out of the old ones . I still have to deal with the mess . If you want a good one buy the automatic littermate one . i have that one now it it 's great .
 I thought this was going to be a great litter box , however , I found out that it is not . The box is small and you have to tip the whole box over and bang on the bottom , which is now the top in order to get all the waste unstuck . This is cumbersome and a pain in the neck to use . I find that this litter box is more work than the old fashioned sift it yourself kind of litter box . I got rid of this litter box after only 2 weeks of using it and went back to their old box .
 First off this is a LARGE box , almost twice as big as the usual covered box . You need three or four feet to `` roll '' the box unless you want to do the partial-roll , slide-to-the-left , roll-some-more , repeat backwards to settle the litter . -LRB- oh my back ! -RRB- . The box is very flimsy so it flexes when you roll it . The latches are a total joke . After a weeks use of rolling , leaking , banging on the bottom a latch came loose and spilled the litter all over . My cat decided to go in only one place so after about two uses there was a football size litter ball stuck to the bottom , welded to the grate or firmly molded in one corner . If the ball did come loose the drawer could n't be opened with the ball in it . I finally discarded the grate and top so I have a very expensive pan litter box.Reality check
 I 've never owned a cat before ; so when I saw this product I thought this would be perfect for me for the cat I was adopting . My husband , who 's family has always owned one or two cats , told me it seemed like a silly device but I was adamant in trying to not scoop poop out by hand if I could help it . Well after having this litterbox in my house for a few weeks I have to say it did not live up to my hopeful expectations . First of all , like all the reviewers said , the claps holding the lid shut did not actually function very well . When you roll it over , if you can deal with the amount of space it takes to roll it over -LRB- and I could if it worked -RRB- , it leaked litter everywhere ! At first , it was only on the one side where the side clasp just couldnt stay shut . Soon it was all the sides where the top would just pop off ! I duct taped the lid on hoping to minimize the litter damage but then the inside filter would n't stay in place anymore thus rendering the rolling filter technique a bust . I was really hoping that this product would work and for the first time I used it it did . Unfortunately after a few rolls the quality went drastically downhill and now I 'm going to have to get a new litterbox .
 I used this litterbox for about 3 months before it fell apart , leaving a crevice for the litter to fall out of when tilted . Not so great ! It did work well at first , and was a low-cost alternative to any automatic litterboxes . But the mess after it broke ...
 The product is huge and very bulky . You ca n't just turn it over easily nor clean it well .
 I ordered this after reading all the great reviews . At first it seemed ok , but I have come to realize it is too small and not all that convenient for my small space . My cat is extraordinary easy-going and is not finicky about her litter box or anything else . But the box really is quite small , and does n't seem to give the cat much room to move around . Also , I found the routine of having to roll it over , hope the cheap clasps do n't unlock and spill litter , then shaking it to even out the litter to not be all that helpful . And it is certainly not more hygienic , since I was having to touch all sides of the box multiple times ; it seemed I was actually creating a dirtier situation for myself . It is especially difficult to use if you have a small space , as it needs a lot of room to roll and then pull of the little drawer to remove the waste . I will be returning mine . In the meantime , I got a good old-fashioned high-walled pan with a hood that is easy to remove so I can go back to a simpler routine of a quick scoop , sift , and into the genie . And now that I have a regular sized pan again , I realize just how small the regular size Omega box was.Overall , product probably works as others have described , but it is very small for the cat and needs a lot of room to operate .
 I am not a cat person but when my little girl said all she wanted was a kitty for Christmas I gave in . I really hate cat litter smells and dealing with cat liter so this seamed like an ideal solution . -LRB- we live in rural Colorado so the cat had to be an indoor cat because of the wild life outside -RRB- After carefully reading the instructions to make sure I was doing as directed I had cat litter everywhere . You have to hold the lid in place or it will come open . The next nice surprise is all the crap literally along the sides that I now have to wash off or have that wonderful lingering smell of cat crap everywhere . And yes I am using clumping litter and not the cheap stuff . I drove over forty miles to Pet Smart to get the &#34; good litter &#34; . I have since bought a traditional litter box and am scooping daily rather than deal with this tumble and spread crap everywhere contraption . It is a lot less aggravating.going with the traditional litter box .
 The clips that hold the lid on were really REALLY badly made and I did n't have the strength to press them firmly all the way . So whenever I flipped the box , the lid would come off . Messy and very frustrating and completely defeated the purpose !!
 I spent $ 35.00 for this piece of crap ! The package arrived all beat to hell . I open it and pull out what was suppose to be a new product . It appeared to me to scratched up and my first thought was that it was a used or returned product . My husband said he did n't think it was used but I am still unsure . The top is flimsy and the tabs do n't line up with the bottom . There are four tabs , one in back , one in front and two on the side , it is impossible to close them all . We decided to just remove the top to empty the box because it is n't secure enough to do the whole `` roll '' thing which is the main reason I paid so much for this thing ! I have finally decided to do what I should have done to start with
 After reading countless reviews I stumbled upon some recent positive ones and I noticed the price dropped so I decided to give this a try . Despite reading about latches breaking and all sorts of issues I figured I could come up with solutions to prevent them.Overall I have to be honest and say this thing will require more work than just cleaning your litter box by hand . Little chunks will get stuck . You 'll have to sift through the chunks it leaves behind . You 'll have to take it apart and sanitize it a couple times a month just so it does n't get icky . The plastic to the little drawer is also flimsy/poor quality and it does n't fir perfectly or slide in and out with ease.I sent my rolling box of poo back where it came from .
 More work then before I got it and saw one in a store for cheaper , my cat was afaid of it and it 's not easier to clean .
 If I could return this , I would . What a waste of money -- I read all the reviews on it before buying , and was excited to try it . I assembled it and put litter in it , and the next day decided to try it out . I rolled it like the directions said , and litter leaked out all over the carpet , even though I triple-checked the locks and they were all sealed . I had rolled it until it was laying on its top , and then rolled it back . It only picked up the poop , and not all of it . Clumps of urine were still in the box . I had to vacuum the floor afterwards . It ended up causing me more trouble than anything ! I do n't remember the last time I was so disappointed in a product I ordered off Amazon , especially one with such high reviews.I ended up removing the grate and scoop and turning it into a plain , large litter box for our two cats . I 'm glad they at least have a roomier box . I do n't recommend this product at all ... do n't waste your money .
 Beautiful but where there is a problem in the home does not leave the dirt because of this problem , but excellent designBut there is a problem , processors seem to chop old
 UPDATE EDIT
 First off I do want to say that this product turns cat litter from a chore to simple maintenance with the occasional deep cleaning chore . The design is sound and I do like using it better than the traditional poop-er scooper litter box , but I do have a few complaints .1 -RRB- The hood is secured to the base by four sliding clamps that hold it on . Two of the slide clamps reside at the end of the box to the left side of the entrance and the other two are on each of the long sides of the cat box . The majority of the pressure on the box when rolling the unit is on the back side furthest away from the entrance and there is no slide clamps on this side of the box . This results in a litter leak on this side of the box that jams up the clean litter storage compartment seam between the top and bottom of the box with litter which then results in further leaks when rolling the unit to clean it . Typically I have about 1/4 cup of cat litter leaking out every time I roll the unit to clean it . This problem could be solved with a simple slide clamp on the back side of the unit parallel to the removable tray .2 -RRB- Most peoples cats are probably like mine and they are n't to shy when it comes to flinging around their litter to cover up their latest cat box deposit . With the out of the box setup on this unit my cats were flinging tons of litter out of the box . I had to get some bath tub liner from home depot , cut slits in it , and screw it to the entrance of the box to prevent excess litter from ending up outside the cat box . The cats see the excess litter they have splashed out of the litter box as an extension of the cat box itself , so if it is not prevented or promptly removed the cats will begin to go the bathroom outside of the box . This could be resolved with a simple swinging door attachment like most quality cat boxes come with or offer as an optional upgrade .3 -RRB- I do n't know what this company considers non-stick , but the urine clumps certainly do stick to not only the bottom and sides of the cat box , but also the the grate between the litter compartment and the cat box itself . When rolling the cat box to shift the excrement and pee clumps from the cat box to the removal tray I have to actually beat on the bottom and the sides of the box while it is almost upside down to release the extra clumps that have stuck to the side . I normally have to beat and roll the box two to three times each cleaning to get rid of the majority of the waste . I still have to do a manual cleaning by removing the top and scooping the old fashioned way about twice a month.This litter box has made great strides towards being the lowest maintenance cat cleanup option on the market , but it still has a way to go . For the money it is far better than the traditional cat box , but do n't expect it to be the hassle free solution presented on the advertisements . If your looking for the lowest maintenance solution availible and you have running water you may want to consider the catCatGenie Self Washing Self Flushing Cat Box . My friend has one and it works very well . The initial cost is more , but it requires less supplies cost and only requires manual cleaning every 2-3 months and a deep cleaning every 6 months to a year .
 I have tried two different sizes of this litter box and have the same problem with both - when you roll the box , lots of loose litter comes out in between the seams . It is great at quickly getting all the poop out so you do n't have to pick it out , but then there is a big pile of litter on the floor . Also , the binder/clasps on my large size box did not line up well with the slots so that I had to use a wrench to pull the binder shut . Way too much hassle .
 My fiancee and I got 2 kittens when we moved into our new apartment . Once they were about 3 months we bought this to try and save some labor . Just roll and empty , right ? WRONG!When you roll it , all of the litter goes through the screen like it 's supposed to , but when you roll it back it stays on the wrong side of the screener so you have to roll it even more to even attempt to get all of the litter back into the area where the cat goes.It was definitely more of a hassle than getting on my knees and scooping . But it did do what it says , just was n't as easy and pain free as it looked . Anyways , a month or so went by and the screen broke . WOOOOOOO LITTER EVERYWHERE!I now use it as a regular litter box . Pop off the top and scoop it regularly . : -RCB-
 I had high hopes for this litter box , but in actuality it does n't work well.The clips that hold the top on are flimsy and flexible.I had all of them clipped in securely , and after a few items hefting this big thing over to sift the litter , one of the clips unlatched and dumped litter all over my bathroom.That was the straw that broke the camel 's back ... but I was already considering returning it because the sifting function does n't account for when a cat pees to the bottom.Therefore there end up being clumps that you have to pry off using a scooper ... which I had completely removed from the bathroom but I guess it is needed after all.So ... turns out to be more trouble than it is worth.Returning item today .
 My cats drink a lot of water , and the resulting output consists of large clumps . Some were too large for the drawer because there was too much un-clumped litter in it . I did n't really have a good place to roll the box , and , as a result , usually managed to scatter litter on the floor during the roll . I used it for 3 weeks before I gave it away.Omega Paw Self-Cleaning Litter Box , Large , Green and Beige
 I was hopeful that I would love this box , but I do n't . You can not use it with regular litter unless you want a dust storm in your face . I tried it with fresh step . You ca n't use it if your litter box is tucked in a corner because you need lots of room to roll it . If you need to pull it in order to roll it on it 's top , it is very hard to keep the sliding locks from coming loose . There is more than a `` little '' bit of litter that escapes from the seams , requiring a clean-up each time it is rolled . I was using 2 conventional litter boxes and did n't get as much litter tracked as I did with just one roll . I gave it 2 stars because it is a neat idea , just not for me.A tip for first time users
 I have had my eye on this litter box for months . After reading so many positive reviews I finally decided to go for it . My cat seems to like it but she is n't really finicky about litter boxes . I do n't like it nearly as much as she does , probably because her favorite place to pee is on the little shelf thing on the inside , above the grate . I discovered this when I rolled it to the side and a significant amount of urine dribbled out down the side of the box and onto the floor . I ca n't get her to stop peeing there so now I have an oddly shaped covered litter box without the extra functionality I paid for . I did n't really like the system to begin with either , but I did n't have a lot of time to perfect my rolling technique before my cat discovered her new favorite pee spot . As excited as I was about this product , I ca n't really recommend it . I 'm glad it works so well for so many other people , but for me it was a waste .
 NOTE
 For the life of me , I ca n't seem to clean this litter box without having litter spill everywhere on the floor ! It is awful ! I am going back to the old scoop the poop method ! Save you money !
 This is not the miracle item they quite make it out to be . It has several design flaws which prevent it from meeting expectations :1 -RRB- It 's too easy for cats to urinate on the ` screen ' which causes the screen to clog when trying to put it through the turning process .2 -RRB- The section that holds the sifted cat litter is n't really big enough . I suppose it would be if you could pick up the unit and shake it to sift it through the screen but this is far too large and clunky to be able to do so .3 -RRB- It says that it is ideal for big cats or multi-cat households but it definitely does not hold up with multiple cats . I suppose if you had the time to sit by it all day and go through the process every time one of them used it , maybe , but for those in the real world who work and have lives , not so much.I can think of a few ways to re-engineer this to do a much better job such as making the tray larger and put a sifting screen bottom on it and encouraging the litter to pass through it instead . But it would require basically starting from scratch on the design.That said , the reason I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 is because you can ultimately take the top off and use it like a regular litter box so it 's not completely useless .
 This box does NOT CONTROL ODORS . Right after completely cleaning the box , it would smell again the minute a cat used it once . I have had cats for almost twenty years now and am always in search of a better cat box , this is n't it . The opening is so low that if you put a little extra litter inside , the cats would send the litter flying out of it when they bury . If you put the right amount of litter in the box , the cats ca n't cover their poo properly and the box always stinks . Also , extra litter in the box always dumps into the cleaning tray when you clean the box . After weeks of my house smelling like a barn , or having piles of litter and poo thrown on my floor , I 've given up on this one , it 's in the trash .
 Since I have two kitties , I was in dire search of a new method of keeping the kitty litter clean . I always maintained two kitty boxes , one for each but it was such a pain to keep both clean . I researched some of the newer automated litter boxes and found that they were either way too expensive or were not effective at all . Then I came across all of the reviews on the Omega PAW RA20 Self Cleaning litter box . I was amazed at all of the wonderful reviews it received . And since the price was so affordable I decided to give it a shot . I 'm sorry I did . Here are some of the issues I had with the litter box :1 > Very large , if you are thinking of putting this in a medium sized bathroom as I thought , think again . It is way too large to neatly fit into an average size space . I guess if you plan on putting this in a large basement , you should be safe .2 > Due to the size , this brings me to the next issue - how the unit works - you must tilt the box one way and over and then back again . The concept is great but if you are in a cramped space , forget it . It was hit or miss for me , sometimes it collected the do do and sometimes not . Being so large , it requires a great amount of kitty litter . Try tilting 10 lbs of kitty litter and you 'll know what I am talking about .3 > How it 's constructed - for $ 40 bucks what would you expect but it is made of cheap plastic . The fasteners were also very cheaply made too . I would not expect it to last that long .4 > If you are like me , and if your cats are like mine , they want a nicely cleaned litter box at least weekly or at most bi-weekly . Cleaning this LARGE unit was a chore all in itself . I was also nervous about those cheaply made fasteners ... when they go , the unit is gone . In order to clean the unit , those fasteners need to slide off . Getting them back on was another issue . Since I clean the box every week , i do n't use liners ... not too sure if you can find liners to fit this monstrosity.Take my review for what it is worth . It is obvious that others found this unit to be great . I for one can not understand what all the hoopla is all about.My Omega Paw RA20 litter box is now occupying a space in the garage awaiting its final destination in the trash can . I am now back to the old traditional method of a litter box with the scooper . My cats and I are very happy with that .
 After looking for the next greatest cat litter pan invention , I came across this . I read the reviews which were by and large really positive about the product . So I thought maybe it really was that simple to come up with a $ 50 product that does what you want vs. a $ 150 motorized litter pan which have their own issues . Unfortunately it simply is not what many of the reviews here indicate it is . I 'm not an engineer but I can assure you my pan is properly assembled . Sure it 's easy enough to roll on the side to sift out the litter but guess what ... IT LEAKS ! So every time I roll it , I then have to dig out the broom to sweep up the litter it spills all over my floor . And do n't fool yourself in thinking that this pan will forever remove your requirement to scoop litter again because it wo n't . For clumps that are stubbornly stuck to the sides/bottom of the pan or too firm to sift , guess who 's going to be removing the lid and scooping them out ? Unless you 've taught your cat some amazing tricks , it 's going to be you ! So after trying this pan and the $ 150 motorized pan which lasted a whopping 3 months before the motor burned out , I 'm going back to the $ 15 deep sided plain old Rubbermaid pan . And I 'll keep dreaming for the day that someone invents the ideal cat litter/auto scooping pan ... or that my cats stop laughing at me long enough for me to teach them how to scoop and clean up after themselves .
 I bought this after reading the glowing reviews on Amazon.I thought it was great for the first week or so , no more scooping , yay!Then , the negatives started showing . - The regular size box is too small for my 13 pound cat . -LRB- So for those who want to get this box , I recommend the Large size . -RRB- - The clips , though they did n't break off on me , were n't very secure and are very flimsy . I always had to double check to make sure they were secure before rolling after a couple of accidents where half the cat box contents spilled all over the floor . - Even when the clips were secure , litter would leak out on the side mid-roll . As a result , I 'd always have to vacuum every time I tried to clean the box -LRB- twice a day -RRB- . - Clumps often got stuck on the grill , and they were difficult to get off . Cleaning the box is a nightmare . I had to disassemble , scrub the top -LRB- sometimes there was dried poop stuck to the top because of the rolling action -RRB- , then really scrub the grill thoroughly -LRB- took forever due to stuck clumps -RRB- , scrub the pan -LRB- and the spots where the grill inserts into the pan almost always had litter I could n't get out because of clumps there -RRB- ... every time I washed the box , it took me a good half hour to 45 minutes to get it completely clean , dry , and odor free . - While the rolling action is great , the smaller clumps go right through the grill . I still have to take off the lid every three days to manually scoop out the smaller clumps . - Did n't contain smells . Two weeks after a thorough cleaning , the box smelled terrible , probably because of the dried poop stuck to the top.I went back to a regular scooping box with a lid , and after my experience with Omega Paw Roll n Clean , it 's been a dream . No more litter all over the floors , no more vacuuming twice a day , no more spilling litter all over my foot whenever I try to clean the cat box , and no more wasted litter .
 I was a little disapointed with this Litter Box , but I do n't regret purchasing it because my frustrations with it was the push I needed to buy a Litter Robot -LRB- Which I LOVE !!! -RRB- . Anyway , I found this litter box very messy . Everytime I rotated it upside down to `` filter '' the litter , a handful of litter would always pour through the crack between the bottom part of the litter box and the top part and get all over the floor . I did n't mind this at first because I was just happy I did n't have to scoop the litter , but after a while I found this very annoying and inconvenient . It was enough of a spill that I had to bring the vacuum out to clean it up . If they did a better job of `` sealing '' the unit so it would n't spill , I would probably give this box a 4-star rating instead .
 I read the reviews on this litter box and had a lot of hope for it . But , I have to say I agree with everyone who 's saying they do n't know why so many people rate this with so many stars . Four ? Five stars ? Not even close . The following are my primary issues :1 . The rolling process takes up more floor space -- yes , that should have been obvious to me -- so by the time you pull out the box from it 's location and roll it , you 've spread the debris area2 . There was n't a fill line the first time I filled it up , so I overfilled and it would n't work -- the instructions did n't make that clear3 . When you overfill it , there is no easy way to get the litter back out without taking the top off , which makes the screen pop out , which makes it a pain to find the tabs to put the screen back in when it 's full of litter4 . The screen pops out all the time -- even with the lid secured -LRB- see note 3 for what a pain it is -RRB- 5 . The rolling process invariably dumps litter on the floor ; when it works , not often correctly , I save time cleaning the litter box , but now I have to vacuum after so the net time savings is 0.6 . I have two cats , and even though I empty the box every day , sometimes the clumps are so large that they scrape across the opening when you 're pulling the drawer out -- uhhhh , disgusting.Great idea , and I 'd love to have this nasty chore simplified , but I 'm going back to the old standard .
 Seemed like a good idea for the price . But the product seemed to leak and the hinges did n't stay snapped all the time . On to plan B.
 Be prepared to use more litter with this than a regular litter box . When the unit is rolled -LRB- to capture waste -RRB- , the slide out trap , while collecting most -LRB- But not all -RRB- , the soiled litter , also collects a good portion of unsoiled litter . Even after following the mfgs . directions exactly , I still find that I have to use a regular scoop to completely clean the box , It does control dust and odor , but all in all , this unit is pricey based on its performance . Better off with a -LRB- cheaper -RRB- covered litter-box and scoop in the regular fashion
 After reading the reviews and weighing the pros and cons , I plunked down 35 bucks and bought this . Unfortunately what this does n't take into consideration is , to put it politely , the viscosity of the poo you are dealing with . Our kittens ended up getting diarrhea and this thing was a nightmare . Also , without a liner , I just felt that I was n't able to keep it clean . The smell was awful . I finally trashed it and went with a good old fashioned basic pan . At least I could feel confident that there was n't poo trapped somewhere in the box . Sorry , this just is n't the kind of box for a neat freak !
 I purchased this box a month ago and have found that when it stays together it works exactly as described - which would be a five star rating - however , as mentioned by another customer the tabs which hold the lid on and the sifting tray inside do not work properly . This means I roll it and the lid pops off ; spilling litter everywhere ... or the sifting tray slides around and more than just waste clumps end up in the pull-out drawer . To say this box has * increased * my time piddling around with the litter is an understatement . After purchase of this box I have spent more time sweeping up piles of used litter off the floor and around the box and reaching in and scooping what it improperly sifted . If this box were manufactured to stay together with ease then it would be fantastic . Unfortunately you risk getting a box that is poorly designed and could cause you to dump litter everywhere . I will be returning if possible and hope another box will be better .
 i got this after reading excellent reviews but it was a total waste of money and time , and within a few days i 'd gone back to a simple , non self cleaning , hooded litter box . the first issues were right out of the box , when the assembly did n't seem to work , thanks to the parts that were meant to fit together not being made well enough to do so . the inner filter is supposed to clip into the box but the rim of the clipped part just would n't fit - whenever i got one corner to fit together , the other would pop open and vice versa . it was shoddy manufacturing.eventually i got it together as best i could and tried it out - the cats were fine using it but when i rolled it to clear away the waste , all the waste not only rolled into the filter but rolled right back out again when i tipped it back to the right way up -LRB- as per the instructions -RRB- which meant the scoop got only about 20 % of the waste , with the rest going straight back to the box . within a day or two there were bits of waste all over the box and the filter was worse than useless . i do n't much like cleaning the littler out but it was easier for me to revert to a normal hooded box which my cats are fine with and which can be cleaned out relatively easily by hand . this awful product ended up right where it belonged
 Not the greatest experience . First off , I hate rolling the thing as excess litter just flies everywhere . Also you have to touch the box with your hands ; not my cup of tea ... and just like any box , it has to be cleaned several times per day . Rolling the thing does n't work on urine ; it just sticks to the bottom of the pan and you end up scraping it out anyway . A real mess maker ; I ended up scooping it instead of rolling and eventually threw it away .
 It 's very cool to roll the box and just take out the pieces of clumping litter in the scooping tool . But after a while you realize that a lot of litter is stuck in the bottom of the box and you need to reach in and do a traditional scoop . However , it is very difficult to remove the lid with the flimsy plastic lid connectors that are almost impossible to use . So you try to reach in the hole to scoop out the litter , but that is very hard and very frustrating . The final straw was when the cats decided it was way easier to go poop just outside the box and scoop the litter out the hole to cover it . Big piles of poop and litter on the floor ... made me decide to give up and get another `` Clever Cat '' litter box . Works great . No mess . But now I 'm out $ 35 bucks . Hope I can find someone to give this to .
 I was so excited to get this litter box : I have 3 cats and hoped it would be easier than scooping . Was I ever wrong . The litter leaks out , the latches will not stay locked and I spend more time sweeping up litter than I did scooping . Wish I had n't thrown the box away I would send it back tomorrow . I got it December 22 , 2009 .
 ... IF you have a room big enough to roll it over easily ... we had it in our powder room , and I had to sort of lift and roll it in place , because the box is almost as wide as the room ! Because of the way the lid attaches to the base , our younger cat - who sprays when she pees - sprayed a lot onto the join between box and lid , and it leaked out and ran down under the box . Which meant every time I went in to `` roll '' the litter box , there was pee all down the outside to deal with , as well ... IF you do not have a cat who puts his front half into the box and does his business out on the floor . We had n't known our older cat was this type of box user , until we got the Omega . Apparently he does n't like going all the way into a closed litter box.Now we have another disused litter box piled up in the garage . Omega , Breeze , and regular deep pan style . I have a feeling that the sifting box -LRB- which we got after trying the Omega -RRB- is soon going to end up on that pile too ... but that 's another review entirely .
 This sounded like a good idea but while the concept is good , the product is not . It 's cheaply made so things do n't line up and where the hood needs to attach best for rolling over is the weakest point with no latch to keep it closed . After countless tries and litter all over the floor , I finally gave up and eliminated the hood . I could have purchased a large litter box with no hood for less money . It sounds good but it 's not !
 The concept of this cat box was brilliant . Unfortunately , the factory that manufactures the product must have had their quality control personnel on vacation when my unit was made . The top and bottom do n't meet well and no matter how my husband or myself push in the -LRB- supposedly -RRB- locking slides , Litter always ends up on the floor from the turning of the box back and forth to pick up the used litter as designed and directed . Pulling out the tray which is supposed to catch the used litter , does n't properly fit into the side of the box , adds more used litter on the floor left by the first step . The only way to daily clean the unit out without having to sweep up a mounds of used litter on the floor is to take the top off and bring the bottom unit out to scoop out . I expected to do this every couple of weeks to properly clean and sanitize the box , but not every day . I am quite disappointed in the workmanship of the unit . Too bad . As I said before , the design is a brilliant one but the execution is a disservice to the designer . If someone else makes it in the future , let me know . I 'll give it a go again !
 Maybe it 's because I 'm short -LRB- 5 ' 2 &#34; -RRB- that I have such a difficult time with this litter box . It 's almost too heavy for me to clean in the recommended fashion and taking the top off is very difficult to keep clean that way . I do not recommend this litter box . It 's not as easy to clean as they have advertised .
 So , I like the theory behind this litter box , but it needs some improvements . I 've owned this for about 8 months and I was hoping to really experience it before leaving a review . I think it is very easy to clean and does n't take a rocket scientist to figure it out , so the hard feelings I now have for this box are not because I 'm opertaing it wrong . First of all , -LRB- as others have mentioned -RRB- the tabs , they are horrible ! I have the model with only 3 tabs , not sure if they have added more since buying this one . I read almost all of the reviews before I even bought this thing . I knew the tabs would be a challenge , so I 've been very careful with them as I did n't want them to break and made sure they were in the lock position before each rolling of the box . However , they are just not tough enough and I think the box needs a few more to secure the top to the bottom during rolling . I get litter seeping through those cracks and falling on the floor when I roll it back to it 's normal position . It seems that by the top not fully locking to the bottom make the litter screen inside dislodge from it 's plastic holders . I 'm contantly cleaning this thing out in order to secure that inner screen so the whole system works properly . Also , I should 've gone with the bigger box . I have one smallish , 10 pound or less cat and I think he feels too cramped in this thing . That leads me to the next annoyance , it has no door and my cat shoots litter out of it on a daily basis . He also has been missing his target while peeing and has been hitting the floor just outside of the box . He has never done this with any other box . I also had to buy a litter scoop in order to dislodge clumps from the bottom and sides of the box . Does n't this defeat the purpose of getting a `` self cleaning Litter Box '' ? I think going with the bigger box and an added door would alleviate a lot of these annoyances . I love my cat , but I 'm so frustrated right now that I 'm on the hunt for a better litter box .
 The theory of this product is great . However , the execution left something to be desired . Rolling the box to clean it caused litter to fall out of the sides -LRB- the joint -RRB- no matter how careful I was when I put it together . We ended up duct taping the two halves together , which sort of solved the problem , but made it hard to take apart to refill/clean . It seems like there was a space or something that allowed litter to escape.Also ... well , there 's no way to put this delicately , but if you have a cat with particularly soft/runny poo , this is NOT the box for you . I repeat -- NOT for you . Soft poos just ... go splat EVERYWHERE inside when you roll it . Not fun . And you might be able to wait for them to harden -LRB- if they do -RRB- , but my cat would n't use the box if there was any poo inside of it at all . So that did n't work so well either.Additionally , my cat grew out of this SO.FAST . It may be just because he was a big cat , but even when we bought it for him as a kitten , it was almost too small . The regular is just not a large box , once you put the tray in and the hood on.So , in conclusion -- great theory -LRB- if you do n't have a soft pooper -RRB- , but the execution fails a bit , in the liter-leaking problem and the fact that the regular just is n't all that large -LRB- at least I do n't think so . -RRB- We had much better results with a large rubbermaid container w/a hole cut in the lid . Not as convenient to clean as the theory behind this would be , but then again , this did n't work out to be so convenient either .
 The long catch box does not catch all the litter clumps when you roll it over . Wet letter sticks to the screen at the bottom and does not go into the little box . The whole litter box is too big . It is hard to line up the top of the box with the bottom to latch the latches on the sides . I have a regular litter box with a top which is much easier to clean . I would not have bought this litter box if I had known this beforehand .
 When you roll this device to `` clean '' it you 're coating the entire litter box in pee gunk . My cat would n't go in and started going elsewhere when forced to use this , now I have to find a way to remedy that . This is a very bad invention ...
 Based on the high recommendations of the reviewers I purchased the Omega self cleaning litter pan.Big mistake.Box arrived banged up and semi-opened . USPS is partially at fault , but Omegapoorly wrapped and protected the pan.Even though I watched videos on how to assemble , it was difficult.Nothing aligned up , the plastic was CHEAP and wobbly.The clips do n't hold.Although the cats use it , I have to open up the pan to clean it which defeatsthe whole purpose.A monumental waste of money .
 I have used the Omega Paw for about 3 months . I am now throwing it away . Here is why :1 -RRB- just like a traditional litter box , urine can get caught and solidified in the corners . The Omega Paw makes this worse because it can get gummed up against the grating fins . That means you have to take the whole thing apart .2 -RRB- The box and fins get progressively disgusting as waste builds up .3 -RRB- partially dried urine gets gummed up in the track that holds the fins4 -RRB- it gets points off for daring to call itself a self-cleaning litter box . You still have to maintain it just as much as any traditional box.Pros
 Disappointing . Tabs did not hold so that when you turn it over all the litter falls out . Needs improvement before I would buy again .
 So it is a flimsy grill that flops off . We had to put it back on already and had it for 1 day only . Things are getting in the grill as well and becoming stuck . The ` lock ' of the litter box is lame and pieces of litter do come out if you roll sometimes . We also had to watch what we were doing while rolling . This is a huge hassle we already went back to our old litter box . In addition , we attempted to return the item the shipping was $ 35 !! So it 's just a wash for us a waste of $ and time and headache . Save yourselves time ! We gave up after 2 days .
 This product just does n't work . When you roll it , it simply scatters litter everywhere . Not bad as far as enclosed litterboxes go , but the item 's main feature is a joke .
 Even the large size is too small for my 16 LB cat . That is all I have to say , but Amazon insists I use at least 20 words . God bless you and have a great day .
 Tried this after reading all the rave reviews . Works pretty good until the plastic clips broke off . Now basically useless.I can see why some people like this when it works . I thought the one of the flaws was that there is no way to put plastic lining so clumps of pee would stick to the bottom , requiring frequent cleanings . Thats when my clips broke.I went with the tidy cat breeze and will never go back to these other types of litter boxes .
 Great concept , and obviously it works well for many , as all the 5 star reviews attest . I have two 15-20lbs Maine Coons , and one goes in and hangs his rear out the hole , leaving his business on the floor . Back to the Home Depot mud tub for my boys.Still , if you have a smaller , less obstinate cat , this seems like a great idea . The rolling and sifting worked as advertised , when the stuff was inside the box , of course !
 This product was easy to assemble and worked well for a few days . However , the weakest feature is the way the green top is fastened to the bottom . Sliding plastic tabs hold the two together but easily come loose . If you do n't notice when they are loose , you wind up with litter leaking out of the box when it is rolled over for cleaning . Also , one of the tabs on my box broke off after only a few days . I would drill holes and insert bolts in the lip between the top and bottom to hold them together securely , but the design does n't make it easy to do that .
 I am very disappointed in this litter box . The cat 's waste sticks to the sides and gets caught when trying to sift the litter ... This causes a terrible smell even when cleaned everyday .
 After reading the reviews of the automatic cleaning litter boxes indicating that their motors break down , decided to try this one . Bought the extra large as our cat weighs 14 pounds . Has a nice design , however , when you roll it over , you have to be very careful that the latches are fully secured or you will have kitty litter all over the place . Several times they came loose and allowed the litter to seep through . When you roll it over , only the fecal matter and larger urine clumps go into the tray . Smaller clumps stay in the kitty litter . Also , the kitty litter still sticks to the bottom requiring you to use a scoop to scrape it loose and clean it out .
 The idea behind this litterbox is genius , but the plastic latches and the plastic screen inside are so cheap that the box is not worth using . Maybe I put too much litter into it , but I had to throw this litter box away after an hour of trying to successfully use it . I just dumped our dirty cat litter into it so I could test out how the cleaning would work , but it kept falling apart every time I 'd try to roll/clean it . The screen popped out of place every single time , and twice some of the plastic latches that hold the lid on popped off , spilling kitty litter onto the floor!I 'm giving it two stars because the idea is so great , but this thing is too cheaply produced to recommend . Perhaps with a metal screen and heavy duty metal latches it could handle a relatively full litter , but unfortunately it ended up in my trash can the first day and was simply unusable as-is . I do n't understand how other people are enjoying using this.On top of all of that , you ca n't put a litter bag in it at all , which means you 'll have to clean the actual box itself constantly ? No thank you.Get some better materials and design a liner bag for it , and I 'd give it another try . I 'd be happy to pay more for a better-made -LRB- working -RRB- version of this .
 I ordered this litter box on Amazon through my phone and accidentally ordered two . I held onto the second one because I was going to give it away . At first , I was SO impressed with this product . It works very well as long as you follow the instructions on rolling it and then rolling it back a little bit . Unfortunately it 's made with cheap plastic tabs that broke after about a month . These tabs are crucial because they keep the lid on so the litter does n't come pouring out the side when you roll it . Well , no worries - I thought - I have a backup litter box . I 'm not kidding you , the tabs on the second one broke within a few weeks as well . Granted , I had a pet sitter who might have been a little rough with the tabs -LRB- he took the lid off when he did n't need to -RRB- BUT no matter - I 'm 0 for 2 with these boxes and I 've given up . Since the same part broke on two litter boxes , I have no choice but to conclude that the product is inferior . So sad , because it had so much potential ! I love my cats , but I do hate the whole litter box cleaning . If the maker redesigns the product with new fasteners , I would consider it , but not until then .
 My husband bought this bulky , ungainly litter box after reading all the 5 star reviews - well , I clean the box , and I ABHOR it . First off , it needs SO much room to roll over and back . Secondly , the clumps need quite a bit of coaxing to get into the pan , which means I have to really get it moving , if you know what I mean ! Third , some of the smaller clumps just get stuck in the grate and are quite difficult to remove . A word of advice , DO N'T buy this product . A regular litter box works just as well , if not better , so much easier to access and clean all over .
 I had really high expectations and thought this was the coolest concept . But no.Even with the best litter in the world - Mr. Elsey 's - it does not truly scoop out all the poop . Yes , I roll it several times , make sure everything is tightly fitted , etc. . I have read millions of reviews so I know I am using it correctly . But I have a kitten and some of the clumps are small . In that case it goes right through the grid and does n't make it up into the scoop . So I ca n't get absolutely every piece unless I reach my hand in there with a scoop . Gross . And defeats the purpose.Also consider the fact that every time you roll it -LRB- if you do it correctly it will almost be upside down -RRB- there will be tiny bits of dust/debris flying onto ceiling inside the litter box . I do n't think that 's hygenic for my cat - beyond the fact that she probably touches the filter grid on which the clumps rest before rolling into the scoop.So it 's gross for me and my cat . AND my cat now has coccydia so I need to sterilize everything ESPECIALLY the litterbox with bleach . Yeah , this one does n't work with a liner so I fashioned one out of layering two torn garbage bags and masking tape . Fun stuff.I 'm switching back to a good , old-fashioned litter-box .
 I was really excited at first about this litterbox . But my cats do n't like it . I have huge cats and one likes to stand really tall . Also it dose n't hold very much litter , so you do have to police it VERY frequently . -LRB- Espcially with more than one cat -RRB- My cats are also not used to any kind of covered litter box . I have no doubts though , that some people really like it . I think it would work better for small cats .
 IT sits in my garage as its worthless . My cat is small and has a hard time making it in the box and the mess is more than a regular cat box and you best wear a mask when you roll it or the cat litter dust goes all over the place . Was very disappointed in this product
 For the asking price it seemed too good to be true , and unfortunately , but not to my surprise , my assumption was correct . The `` self cleaning '' aspect is more work than just scooping it out with a shovel -LRB- which I 've been doing lately with this box anyway -RRB- and causes a LOT more of a mess . Save your money on this one . EIther go for the expensive ACTUAL self cleaning litter box , or go for the el-cheapo $ 10 one ... because the latter will serve the same purpose as this one .
 I loved the whole concept and idea of this litter box . And I ordered it hoping the size was as the description makes you think . MISTAKE ! I have a large -LRB- 18lb . -RRB- cat . When it came out of the box , it looked like something for kittens . The entry hole is hardly usuable by larger cats . And when I saw the actual space for the litter/area for them to go , there 's no way . More than half of the interior is the rolling and catcher . The spot for them to do thier business is around the size of a small or normal litter box . If it was designed with more room for the cats it would be great . But if you have a med/large + size kitty , it 's more efficient to go get a large plastic underbed storage box . At least that gives our bigger kitties a comfy and roomy place to go .
 Loved this box at first -LRB- see following -RRB- but after awhile it began to fall apart . When you roll it the top separates from the bottom and litter goes all over the floor and the inside comes apart and no longer separates the solids . I finally took the insides out and use the boxes as a regular covered liter box . Sigh . My quest for the perfect litter box continues . . -LRB- old review -RRB- This box requires the least amount of work of any box I have bought . I have spent $ 100 's on mechanical/electric boxes and they all stop working eventually but the Omega is economical and keeps working ! My cats -LRB- four now -RRB- seem to like it and had no trouble adjusting to it . Cleaning is so easy ! Just tip and pull out the drawer ! You do have to make sure it has been put together correctly and `` locked '' or it will leak litter when turned ... . I 'm buying my second .
 I bought this for my two-cat household . We used the clumping litter , but it stuck to the bottom all the time . I ended up scraping the stuck-on litter/pee off with a scooper anyway . If it was at all wet , it would stick to the top and sides as well . I sprayed it repeatedly with Pam and it still stuck . A little litter came out the space where the poop removal box comes out as well . My really big cat also could n't fit in the catbox with the sliding poop removal box in it too . He ended up hanging his bottom out the door and going on the floor anyway . So I took the poop removal box out and used it as a plain catbox.HOWEVER , all the stuff sticking to the bottom despite my constant scraping -LRB- once or twice a day -RRB- would not come off , so it stinks now -LRB- about a year later -RRB- . Tried handwashing -LRB- yuck -RRB- out the stuff on the bottom , but it 's on there for good . Ended up giving up on the scooping litter and going back to clay - BUT could not find a litter box liner big enough to fit this box . I do n't think I will as there is a cutout doorway for them to step in that the liner has to stretch over.Would not buy this again - too gimmicky and not very good for a plain old scoopable or clay litter pan either .
 Litter stuck to the sides , the bottom , etc. so we still had to disassemble it to clean it out every other day , and that was a chore . The pull out box did n't work and created a mess . This was after rolling it at least once a day with two cats . Just get a scoop . This thing was not worth the money or the hassle .
 WHEN I READ THE FEEDBACK ON THIS PRODUCT IT LOOKED LIKE A GOOD INVESTMENT WHEN I GOT IT AND USED IT , IT WAS TERRIABLE A BIG HASSLE TO CLEAN VERY MESSY ALL OVER THE SIDES I HAD TO GO OUT AND BUY A REGULAR BOX I COULDNT DO IT ANYMORE DOES ANYONE KNOW HOW I CAN GET A REFUND FOR IT ?
 so we got 2 kittens -LRB- doodoo-machines , to be sure -RRB- about a month ago , and on a recommendation , we purchased this `` self-cleaning '' litterbox . Its makers got it half-right
 The part where the cat actually is supposed to go in is quite small . My cat is medium sized and he could n't turn around in there once he 'd walked in . Plus the whole concept of ` rolling ' did n't come through to me before I bought it , but you just turn the whole thing over on its side basically . I ca n't see how that would be less work than scooping , even if my cat had wanted to use the thing . To be fair , he walked in it once to pee because for some reason he does that with his butt facing out , but he poos looking out and could n't even turn around in there ! This was supposed to be the larger one too!I 'm putting it on craigslist for free , no one will even buy this piece of junk from me .
 I honestly do n't know why this gets such great reviews . As stated by others , it leaks litter all over the floor when you roll it . Then , if you do n't do it every day , the litter clumps can get too big and then get jammed in the pull-out tray -LRB- maybe that is a result of the cheap scoopable stuff I used ? -RRB- Also , it does n't hold very much litter and the sliding latches that hold the box closed are cheap and jam easy.Back to scooping for me until I can justify a robot !
 I bought this item near the end of 2007 thinking it would save on litter and be easier to maintain - wrong ! I wasted twice as much litter and have gone back to using the scoop to clean the litter box . This item is worthless , and I am very disappointed with it and the amount I had to pay for it .
 The first one we got from Amazon was broken , replacement worked fine for about 3 months then one of the latches broke and it was useless . You try to tip it over and the clogs of you know what just spill out all over the place . Oh well , time to find something different , it 's just too fragile .
 All I have to say is that after a few weeks , one of the clips broke and when we rotated the box to empty the litter ... litter POURED out onto the floor . Huge mess . And the drawer and surrounding part got poop covered pretty quick . Waste of money . Sorry . Concept sunded nice .
 If anyone has a cat that really likes to scratch after using the litter box , do n't get this . If your cat is large , do n't get this.I was excited when I first bought it , untill I realized my cat was too big to comfortably go to the bathroom in it . Also the first time I went to roll the whole contraption over -LRB- that is how it cleans the litter -RRB- litter flew everywhere . I 've had to take out all the special self cleaning parts on the inside just so my cat can fit , and it 's more of a pain than any conventional scooping.If they included a door to keep the litter in and made it a bit bigger then I would consider buying again .
 If you wish to create a beach , this product works great . It is far easier to buy litter that clumps , remove the cover -LRB- which confined the space and works well if you have a very small cat -RRB- and scoop out the clumps yourself . This device is terrific at scattering litter through the rolling action over a wider surface that the cat does alone . Surfs up !
 I bought this based on the high reviews - and the concept . It seems like this is what I needed . It was easy to put together . My kitties took a few days to get used to it - but did use it afer awhile so that was not the issue . It worked well the first few days - but basically stopped working after about a week . The poop and pee-balls did n't go into the tray and stayed in the main litter compartment . The little drawer-tray filled with clean litter intead . So I ended up removing the pieces and using it as a regular litter box . So ... do n't waste your money !
 This is a fantastic idea . I bought one of these about 6 years ago , and it was the greatest litter box ever.Sadly , I bought a new one to replace it , and although the design is the same , the materials fail the design . I can only assume that the manufacturer cheapened their costs by using flimsy instead of rigid plastic . Unfortunately , cat litter and waste go all the place it 's * not * supposed to now . It sneaks under the grill that used to catch it , and goes behind it where the clean litter should pass through , getting stuck unless you completely break down the box and reassemble . Then the rolling edge side gaps open and litter sifts down onto the floor.Unless they start making this out of rigid plastic again , instead of this flimsy flexy stuff , this product is currently a complete waste of time and money . Not to mention the frustration of the stink of hidden cat waste .
 Disclaimer
 We loved this litter box at first . It was easy to clean , and a less expensive alternative to the electric raking boxes . However , less than a year later , both of the boxes we purchased have failed . Several of the clips that hold the top and bottom together broke over the past few months . While the box can still be used in that state , the next item to break for us killed the usefulness . The plastic frame that you fit the screen into -LRB- that sifts the clumps out of the litter -RRB- broke , so the screen no longer stays in place . For $ 30 , I hoped for more . I realize that plastic will break eventually under contant pressure , but less than a year ? I would caution people who are considering this box . If you do n't mind replacing it every year , then go for it . It is a great box . But , it needs some improvement in the durability department before I would buy it again .
 This worked wonderfully for the first month we had it . Then came the day when my husband tilted it , and the clasps holding the two sections together broke and spilled dirty litter all over the floor . We tried to fix it ourselves so that we could still use it , but were unsuccessful . I wish they would come out with a sturdier version . We are now back to our 5 dollar litter tray and mat . Definitely a waste of money for us .
 The first time I used this I thought it worked pretty much as advertised . Unfortunately , that was the only time . I have now been using it for 3 weeks and it `` cleans itself '' every other day.My first issue is that when you roll it on to the top to fill the container with the waste litter spills out of the side . The next problem is that often there are still clumps on the bottom that are not coming off when you turn it over so you have to get a scoop to remove them by hand . After using this for only one week I had to take the top off and completely empty and clean everything as some smaller clumps get stuck in the screen that is supposed to filter out the clean litter.For the price you can spend half as much and do the same amount of work .
 Do n't do it . This kitty box is a great idea but extremely poorly executed . It spills litter all over the place when you rotate it -LRB- the clips do n't hold the top on tight enough -RRB- and if you overfill it you end up with a scoop full of perfectly good litter that you have to dispose of . In addition , the box is small so cats generally will track more litter onto the floor than they would with smaller boxes . Even if you use a kitty rug , as suggested by some other readers , your bathroom will soon look like a disaster zone.Not worth the money or effort .
 I read many of the positive reviews on this site , but have to say , my experience was very different . The build quality of this litter box is not good ; the pullout tray does not fit completely within the frame so when you roll the litter box , you 'll often times get litter falling out through the crack . Additionally , the litter box does get quite dirty on the inside and needs to be opened and cleaned periodically which defeats the entire purpose in my mind since it is a bit of a pain to open with the various clips.If you do empty this EVERY DAY it may work ok -LRB- but honestly , if you empty a normal litter box every day it is less work than rolling this thing over , etc -RRB- , but if you would prefer to only have to empty your litter box every few days , this is not the product for you.Colin
 Bought this thinking that it would be easier for my daughter to complete her chore of cleaning the litter box daily , but we have found that the locks on the front and right side do n't stay locked into place , and when we turn the box , litter spills out of the side every time . Additionally , the trap does n't only catch waste , but also good , clean litter as well . The trap with the handle does n't push all the way in and is a bit crooked , so the litter/wasted does n't all make it into the trap and we have to repeat the cleaning process 2 or 3 times to get it all . I will likely try to exchange the box and see if mine was just defective .
 I was so excited about how easy this litter box would be to use/clean . I have two adult cats and have been using this litter box for about 2 weeks now - I 'm so disappointed . The tilting action used to ` clean ' the box works great with poop . It does not work with pee though . I do n't think my cats are abnormal in their ` bathroom ' habits . Whenever I go to do the tilt action -LRB- about twice a day -RRB- I notice that the pee spots stay stuck to the bottom or sides of the box . I end up cleaning it like a regular littler box every time .
 This is not an effective litter box . After reading the positive reviews , I thought I would give this product a try . However , The mechanism is flawed
 Having no odor around the kitty litter box is a must for us , and this box fails miserably in this regard . We tip and dump the tray 3xday , but there are still a couple clumps left in the box , so you have to use a scoop anyway , and then after a week or so it begins to really smell because some clumps break up and end up in the small part of the litter box so you need to disassemble -LRB- and the clips are a pain -RRB- and at this point really it just seems easier and more hygienic to use the traditional style littler box with a scoop .
 I love how easy to clean this litter box was . I say was because we used it for about 2 weeks and our cats constantly pooped/peed just outside of the opening even though their bodies were inside the box . This litter box is just too small and our cats are about 8 lbs apiece . Do n't be fooled by the product dimensions . Close to half of the interior space is taken by the grate and scoop . It 's really a fantastic idea but to get a usable litter space and also allow for the grate/scoop , this box would be enormous .
 SO many positive reviews , this litter box is nearly perfect , right ? Eh , not so much . It 's a GREAT concept , it just does n't work as well as you 'd think . When I bought the first one , any flukes or imperfections in it , I tried to overlook . We used it for a while and it was just ` okay ' . I did n't have to scoop inside the box , and I always used a plastic Target bag over the emptying receptacle , so I never had to touch anything . But ... . The top and bottom pieces of the litter box do n't fit together right . . They are just slots cut into the plastic that you slide a stopper sort piece over , which ` hooks ' the two pieces together . The problem is that the two pieces never really line up right . Which means , when you are rolling the box to its side , litter falls out through the two pieces . Also , the plastic ` grate ' inside that is supposed to fit into a couple of raised plastic slots that ` sift ' the poop , the pieces do n't fit right into the slots , and there is nothing locking them into place ... . and so constantly come undone , which means you either have to take the thing apart and re-set the grate in place , or reach inside and try to shove the grate back where it 's supposed to fit . So , even though you may not have to touch the cats waste , you still have to get your hands dirty . The second box had the exact same faults . Ugh . With all this mess , plus the litter all over the floor , it 's just more work than its worth . I ended up just taking the box apart , and using the bottom piece as a regular old litter box .
 It does not work and is messy , leaks cat litter and does not get out all of the dirty litter , you have to go over with a scoop , not for multiple cats , poor design because the grate that sifts the litter does not get the smaller clumps , the box is very big and so you can not have as many in the same spage . expensive for not working and now that I have tried it out , I can not return it . If it works best with a certain kind of litter , then they should have recommended it . When you have as many cats as I do , you need good products , not one that waste your money . I would have paid more for a box that does what it is supposed to do - but to pay 2x what a regular box is and then have it be a waste , really is not very nice . I hope to discourage others from wasting their money.Omega Paw Self-Cleaning Litter Box , Pewter
 It this litter box worked as advertised , it would be a great product . As it is , about half the time you roll it to clean the litter , the top separates from the bottom and you have 10lbs of dirty litter spread all over your floor . Thankfully , Amazon has a very good return policy , and ours is on the way back.I am very mechanically inclined , and no matter how much I fooled with it , the latch just would not hold consistently .
 The litter box latches were flimsy and the cat litter leaked out when the box was rolled . You also need a large area in which to roll the litter box and dust from the litter goes all over . Simply scooping the cat litter is much easier and less time consuming than rolling this litter box .
 I loved this box when I first bought it ; it worked beautifully , but now it has ceased to function properly . The collection box fills with CLEAN litter , and perhaps a few clumps . The screen seems to be in the proper position , so I do n't know what has happened to make this box stop working , but it sure is a disappointment ! Worked for about a month .
 Do n't buy this product -- it does n't work . when you roll it , the litter goes into the filter and comes back out . You have to tip it nearly half way over , to get debris into the drawer . I threw out the box and did n't return it . I am using it as a regular litter box and then place to put the filter area gets in the way of cleaning . I cleaned it recently and literally had to scrape crap off the slots for the filter with my fingernails -- ick !!! Plus , it was extremely hard to figure out how to put it together .
 The concept is fine - it does get the poop in the tray BUT the lid does n't quite fit right so every time you dump it , all of the litter spills out onto the floor . I 'll be going back to the regular litter box and tossing this $ 30 in the trash .
 The Omega Paw Self - Cleaning Litter Box is the worst product I 've ever gotten from amazon.com It worked the first time but after that when I turned it over the litter and cat feces went everywhere . I tried several times to fix it but to no avail . I was on vacation so I had a cat sitter who scooped the poop . When I returned today I tried to fix the box only to have it spill all the litter on the floor and most of the clumps too . I want to send it back but its dirty and heavy and just too much of a hassle to send it back . So I 'm out $ 30.00 and have a litter box that will go in the garbage tomorrow . Good thing I kept the old litter box I had a feeling it was too good to be true .
 LOOKED GREAT , PRETTY GOOD REVIEWS , MAJORITY AGREED '' TABS '' HOLDING BOX TOGETHER WERE HORRIBLE AND BROKE , AFTER A WEEK . . USEDTIES , WIRE , NUT AND BOLT , DUCT TAPE ETC. . . ALL THAT DID WAS CONTINOUSLY LET LITTER LEAK OUT ... AND WHATEVER YOU USED TO KEEP THE BOX CLOSED CAUSED THE POOP TRAY NOT TO CLOSE ALL THE WAY ... ACTUALLY A BRILLANT IDEA ... BUT THEY HAVE ALOT OF MAJOR REMODLEING TO DOI WASTED 40.00 ... SURE ... SOME GOOD REVIEWS ... BUT TO ME IT WAS '' JUNK '' AND WOULD SUGGEST NOT TO BUY UNTIL IT IS DESIGNED BETTER ...
 When I heard about this litter box , I was really excited . I bought it immediately and set it up . It worked fine and did what it said it did , but there are some major flaws . * The `` regular '' is very small . The box itself is a reasonable size , but the area where the cats have to dig & use is half that size . My cats sometimes peed or pooped outside by accident -LRB- they 're not very bright -RRB- . * PEE . I do n't really know how it did this , but sometimes when I 'd roll it over , pee would come pouring out of it , and sometimes I 'd find pee under it without even rolling it . I think it must have pooled in the lips between the top and bottom of the box . This problem is why I threw mine away . * The sifting grate is a little too big so that a lot of small urine clumps go through and you have to manually scoop them anyway . * The sifting grate also gets clogged up because surprise , cats do n't know where to aim , and so they 'd pee on it and get it wet , and litter stuck to it , and you know the rest.Overall , a good idea , but the problems above -LRB- ESPECIALLY the pee-leaking issue . GROSS . -RRB- make it no good for me .
 At first I thought this litter box was great , but then I realized it was n't all that great when I had to take it apart and clean the whole thing . My cat sprays on the inside of the box and the rolling action of the self cleaning feature created a coat of clumping litter on the inside of the box as well as odor . So while I thought I was getting off easy with the cleaning - I actually was creating a HUGE cleaning headache for myself ... the grill inside was a nightmare to clean ! -LRB- Even if your cat does not spray remember not to roll the box until after the clumping litter has hardened otherwise you will get sticky litter stuck to the grill . -RRB- I went back to a regular litterbox , litter made from wheat and daily litterbox patrol . I 'd say I do n't do anymore work now than I did when I used this self cleaning litter box . When looking at reviews for this product make sure it is from someone who has used it for at least a month - because I know the first few weeks you 'll think you found a gold mine and then you realize cleaning a litterbox still requires work !
 This product was great at first , and worked as advertised . It was n't quite the miracle machine that it set itself up to be , but it sure beat scooping every other day.Fast forward to 4 months later
 . . but it does n't . It is true that if you follow the instructions exactly , some of the clumps will in fact dump into the tray - with a moderate amount of clean litter as well . But - some of the clumps stick to the grid inside as well as to the sides , and just get bigger and bigger . And it does not touch clumps that are just small enough to go through the grid and back , so they build up . These would ordinarily be picked up with a hand scoop.In order to really clean it , you have to roll it back and forth , dump the clumps while at the same time not dumping all the litter that 's perfectly good in the tray with them . Then you have to open it , scrape out the big chunks that have adhered to the grid and side , and dump them . Compared to the time that it would take for a plain box with a lift off top and a hand scoop , this takes way longer . So I just use it like a regular litterbox - take off the top , scoop out the clumps and dump them . A big disappointment , overall , and NOT cheap . Too bad . .
 The pieces do not fit together snugly when assembled . The slide-out waste collection tray leaves gaps that litter falls from when rolling the box to clean . It is very heavy and awkward to roll and , although I tried to clean after first day of use , the wet litter stuck to the bottom of the box and did not fall into the collection tray . So I decided just to remove the lid and scoop the waste as I would for a normal covered box . However , the two pieces of the box do not fit together well , and after several times removing the top to clean the litter , the latches are virtually impossible to line up to get the lid firmly in place . I would not recommend this product and would instead buy another litter box like the second one that I have which has a hinged lid that you can lift up to clean without totally removing it .
 I was a satisfied customer when I received this product ; however after 3 months , I kept on spilling the litter from the box . I checked all the locks and one of them broke already so now , I dread cleaning it ... I wish I had known that it 's not as durable as I thought : -LRB-
 I purchased this based on many of the positive reviews ... I have never written a review on an item ... but I feel so strongly about this one ! The item is not worth the mess . It works fine as long as your cat does n't pee on the grate and the clump gets stuck ... then you have to take it apart and get all of the stuck on litter out of the grate . . when you tip it ... litter gets stuck in the rim so that you have to take it apart to clean it or the grate does n't fit properly . I spent more time taking this apart and wiping litter out of places that it should n't be . To me it is just not worth the hassle ... and I followed all of the directions for you skeptics out there ... tipped if forward and then back on its top . I clean the litter box constantly . Maybe if I did it once a week this would n't be such a hassle .
 We had high hopes for these , but after using them for a few months , we could n't deal with the leaking litter and snapping plastic anymore . I 'd write more , but all of the other 1 star reviews already state all of our complaints with this product . Maybe it 'll work better for you , but it did n't work out for us .
 As the other reviewers mention this is quite bulky , you need the entire bathroom to roll it around ... aslo everytime i rolled it the connector on the side came unsnapped and there was litter and poop everywhere as it leaked out , these do not seal well to be rolling around
 Do n't let the product name fool you . I found this box to be anything but self-cleaning ! The inner grate misses pieces and I was constantly scraping clumps from the sides . Also , it is clunky , so it wo n't fit in small spaces and need a lot of room to roll it for the `` self cleaning '' process , which shakes a lot of litter dust into the room and causes the collector tray to spill small amounts of litter onto the floor through a crack along the outer edge . No matter how far in I pushed the tray , I could not fully close the gap . It is also heavy so people with bad backs , the elderly and smaller children will find it impossible to use . I bought the larger box which is suppose to be for larger or multiple cats but the inside is still so small , if not cleaned constantly , the cat is stepping in their waste . I have since upgraded to a cat genie which I am very happy with . Bottom line , I regret ever wasting money in this piece of junk .
 I bought this and absolutely loved it at first . However , within a month one of the clips broke and when I rolled the box I had litter all over . I contacted the Omega Paw people and was promised replacement clips . However , they never sent me any clips . I made numerous attempts to contact them , but I get nothing in response . I tried taping the area together which helped holding the top when rolling . But now I have another broken clip . I do n't know why the clips are breaking as I roll it easily.The customer service for OMEGA PAW stinks.I would n't recommend spending the money for this box , strickly because of the customer service and a definite clip problem .
 I was very disappointed after buying this and finding out that after my cats went into this litter box , when I went to roll it back and forth as directed to on the box , I found that it never filters the cat pee clumps into the slide-tray -LRB- only the poop -RRB- . The cat pee clump just sticks to the bottom of the litter box and you must use a scooper each and every time , which means having to open up the top lid to clean it and then put it back on afterwards . Not once did it do what it was suppose to . What a big waste of money . I 'm very surprised this got such high ratings ... that is what sold me to try this out in the first place and now I 'm down $ 35.00 since I can not return it ... what a bummer !!! I also thought to mention that once you assemble the parts to this thing , you lose half of the litter box size to the plastic filter thingy . So when you look at the picture for this up above just keep in mind that the space for the cat to do his/her business is half the size of what you see . Some cats -LRB- probably larger ones -RRB- may choose not to use it because of this.My advice is stick to the traditional litter boxes . They 're cheaper , they last longer and they do what they 're intended to do . They also take up less space !!
 Bought this product after all the raving reviews for my 1 little cat . I was skeptical when putting it together as the big box is only held together by 4 tiny thin plastic snaps . It was great the first 3 days but on the morning of day 4 , one of the snaps -LRB- on the mesh end of the liter box -RRB- broke when I went to roll the box and all the litter , soil and all , fell out of the box all over the floor . It went from a scoop free to a complete mess including the need to wash the floor ! It is a great idea but there are not enough good connectors between the top and the bottom of the box and the snaps are cheap made . I understand the material needs to be light weight for rolling but the connectors should be much sturdier , similar to the pet carriers . There are plenty of light weight plastic pet carriers out there and they all have a lot more connections between the top and the bottom of the box to hold them together ; much sturdier connectors . This liter box should have similar connectors just like the pet carriers especially when you 'd use the liter box a lot more often then the carrier and you will have to roll it back and forth thus putting weight and different forces from different directions on those connections during rolling -LRB- where as the pet carriers only forces are mostly vertical ones -RRB- . So unless the connection designs improve on this litter box , it is not worth the money!P.S . I was able to return this hassle free ! It is a shame as the concept is great !
 This litter box sounds great in theory but it does not work good at all ! My cats like to get into the collection drawer . When you roll it , it gets litter everywhere . Save your time and money and buy a real automatic scooping litter box or just scoop it yourself . I ended up just using the bottom of it . I 'd use the top sometimes when we went out of town and needed a second litter box . My cats are outside cats now , so I only use it when we go out of town .
 Cat did n't like the box . Used it for just a short time . Got rid of the box and the cat . The new owner got rid of the box .
 I am beyond disappointed . If everything is working to specifications you are still going to be disappointed as it will not clean the litter box 100 % per cleaning . If you are used to cleaning a litter box with a scoop and going until you can not find any more lumps or clumps then you will not be happy with this . When you turn the box to the right and put it on its side going almost to the point of flipping it over you still can not get all the clumps in the special catch all box . So when it rolled back you will find clumps , lumps and litter stuck to the grate the the litter was to fall through . Add to that the litter dust that goes `` poof '' when you roll it back over .
 I 'm not sure why there are so many great reviews for this product ? I bought it from Amazon for my cat and here 's what happened :1 . The box is made of hard plastic and is easy to assemble , but its rather `` cheap '' compared to other boxes .2 . The idea is that you put in the litter and the cat goes in it .3 . Then once the cat leaves you simply roll it over , then back with a little forward to spread out clean cat litter.What they do n't tell you is that inside this box is a plastic grill that sifts out the clumps , provided they are bigger than the grill openings!The plastic insert -LRB- sifter -RRB- sometimes moves inside the box so when it filters the litter , peices of waste can get through!The box itself does not make a `` perfect seal '' so sometimes litter gets on the floor when you roll it.You have to bang on it to get the litter that gets stuck on the sides . That causes odor to escape.When you return the box to it 's upright position , the internal `` sifter '' can reduce the space where the cat goes , making a frustrated cat.To fix it you have to put yur hand in the box to adjust it . Yuck!My experience is that it 's a good idea , just poorly designed . I 'm going back to the self cleaning boxes for a better chance of solving my cat litter issues .
 This box really is n't made very well . Whenever you roll the box to sift the litter , litter leaks out onto the floor . Easier , and less messy , to just scoop .
 I bought the small one . I bought the large one . Large did not work . contacted company . No response . Amazon sends a new one . Did not close , lock , what ever . Then ... . small one-the divider does not stay in place now . SOOOOO , we now have two expensive boxes that we are scooping from . Sixty bucks would have made a nice down payment on an electric one . Omega answer your emails , because look what happens when you do n't . Surprise ! YOU LOSE BUSINESS .
 After reading all the rave reviews about this product I was hopeful that it was as good as it 's reviews . The sifting mechanism takes up about 1/3 of the box . The latches are cheap and difficult to lock and unlock . I tried several different brands of litter and found that they all stuck to the bottom of the box requiring me to take it apart frequently . Litter spills out od the cracks as well . I eventually removed the sifting screen as it kept popping out and did n't function as stated anyway . I gave it 2 stars only because it 's so large with the divider removed it 's a better fit for a very large breed cat like my Siberian Forest cat . It 's an interesting idea but it just does n't work .
 The concept is great - does separate feces and urine clumps from unsoiled litter . However , any stool which touchs the sides or top of the litter box or litter filter has almost gluelike adherence . It 's VERY difficult to scrap off and this is a big box to put in a sink FOR HAND WASHING EVERY FEW DAYS . I have two 5 month kittens who presumably put out less excrement than adult animals and it was intolerable . Have gone back to usual litter box.Had also contacted Dupont to see if sprayable Teflon was usuable . They do n't produce such a product .
 My girlfriend convinced me that I needed to get more up to date with my kitty litter box ... and that I should no longer be using shovels to clean out the litter . I thought that sounded great ! So I ordered this product in the largest size , because I have 2 large male cats . At first I liked the product , this was like the first few times I used it . Of course the product was new , so I was out there cleaning it several times to see how it worked and what was going on . Well , the grate that separates the litter from the waste gets blocked up from the urine creating a cement in contact with the litter . So I changed litters ... noticed a LITTLE change . Still had same problems . I found that it worked okay if I cleaned it 3 times a day -LRB- a little excessive for something that was supposed to be easier -RRB- . But , even doing it more often did not eliminate the issues of the grate coming undone as you roll it -LRB- sometimes -RRB- , then requiring you to open up the whole unit , pull out the waste drawer that was now full of perfectly good litter , try to get it all sorted out the way it was supposed to be without making more of a mess . I finally got so tired of having to open this thing up to clean up the messes , that I have now taken it all apart and am using it as a normal litter box . I HATE this product . I assume it works well with smaller cats or single cats . But this box has created undue stress for me . I recently ordered the litter robot ... yes very expensive -LRB- but with money back guarantee and extended warranty -RRB- , but at this point I 'd spend $ 1000 so I do n't need to think about this Omega product any longer -LRB- yes I exaggerate -RRB- .
 I read a lot of glowing reviews for this box . I ran right out and got one . Bad idea . I liked it OK for the first day , but then the problems and failings became pretty evident.First off I could n't get the large box , so I got the regular one . I do n't think the large one would have been big enough either . I have a 3 month old kitten who is fairly small and the box was just about big enough for her at her current size.I have a 6 month old kitten who looks full grown and there is no way in heck this was going to work for him . He would go in and his butt would be hanging out the opening and he would n't even be hitting the box.Then there comes the 2 inches of litter . Well think about it . 2 inches of litter in a tiny box is n't enough for one cat , much less 2 . I suppose this would work if you rolled it after every duty , but how helpful is that ?? Now comes the rolling part . No matter how I did it I still ended up throwing out some perfectly good litter that had sifted into the drawer with each roll.Consequently I now have 35.00 litter box that is 3 days old and will never be used again . i went back to a regular box and sifting liners that I can do every other day or so . Save your money !
 I purchased this litter box approximately six months ago . I have two cats.This litter box initially worked out really well for me . There was always one issue with it and that was clumps of cat litter getting into the back of the grate on the inside of the box . -LRB- This is what sifts the clean litter and dirty litter , but it was no big deal because the grate snaps off and you clean the box out.So fast forward a few months later and the piece of plastic that keeps that grate in place brakes . I sort of manage to fix it or at least use the litter box in a way that was functional . Then one of the clips that held the top on broke and every time i flipped it over litter came pouring out.If this litter box was made better it would be great but unless you are interested in replacing it every few months , I would say do n't buy it .
 Like a few others , I purchased this item based upon rave reviews posted on Amazon.com and found it to be worthless . The construction is quite flimsy and one of the tabs that secures the top and bottom together broke the first week . Litter scatters everywhere from the seams , and the functionality is not remotely close to what is advertised . I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND this product !!!!!
 The litter box arrived as is , with a shipping label stuck to it , covering the instructions , no box . It arrived dirty . . it seems to be made of cheap plastic - the reviews were misleading . does not seems like it will last . . will write more after he uses it and i try to clean it . . so far ... i suggest buyer bewaremany months later , my cat hates it ... i frequently have to roll it several times to get the waste out - dust flies everywhere . . have to toss this and get a new , covered box , ... save your money
 We have two cats , and one , our female kitten , consistently digs to the bottom of the litter pan to pee . Unfortunately , this presents a major problem for the Omega Paw . The litter clumps and clings together on the bottom . When I roll the Omega over to clean it , as directed , all of the litter sticks . I have to tap it to remove it , and then it separates into a million little pieces . Enter problem number two
 Was really excited about this product at first , but it does n't work very well . Some `` treasures '' were left behind in the box and others would get stuck in the grate without going into the tray . Litter would also spill on the floor during the turning process .
 It does pick up some of the ` clumps ' but does not keep it as clean as when you do it yourself . It is also pretty big and not really attractive .
 This box is good for making my cats enter and exit from one place so there is n't kitty litter everywhere , and it gives them some privacy - not that they care , but I do , but I just got so sick of rolling this thing over because it is n't the lightest thing , it does n't catch everything so that means I have to keep rolling until it does and that 's tiring , and the litter sometimes seeps out of the side , which is never fun . It 's easier to just scoop the litter out with the shovel and call it a day .
 The main problem I have with this litterbox is that my cat moves the litter around and does her business directly on the bottom of the box . When you roll it , some clumps stick to the bottom and the only way to get them off is to pound on the bottom of the box until the clumps come loose . I also purchased the litter mat that works with this box , and although there is litter on the mat , it 's getting tracked through the entire room and that 's quite gross . So I am not as impressed as I thought I would be . Also , this can be in no way a self cleaning litterbox . Something such as a Littermaid is way more self cleaning than this one . The regular Omega litterbox -LRB- RA15 -RRB- is quite small and needs to be rolled and emptied every couple of days with one cat . With a Littermaid litterbox and only having one cat , I only needed to dump the receptacle once a week . After having owned a Littermaid for two years prior to buying this one , I think the Littermaid works better . I never used liners with my littermaid , I used plastic grocery bags with the receptacles . My only complaint with uncovered litterboxes is that litter still gets scattered outside of the box . I did go through one Littermaid Cabana and one Littermaid tent -LRB- both poorly made and neither did n't hold up -RRB- . So I read the reviews on the Omega Paw and sold my Littermaid on ebay . I miss it dearly . This one creates more work than what other reviewers are saying .
 I bought this litter box after I read all the reviews on amazon . After I received this item , it did n't work properly . This box is made of poor quality of plastics . The most important part is the lock for the upper and lower part , however , is very easy to broken.Only after 2 weeks , this part was totally broken . And I have to order a scoop again to clean the litter by myself .
 I was excited to buy this litter box , but it simply does not work . I have tried several different types of cat litter and nothing helps . When the cats pee , the pee sticks to the back of the box and does not come loose by tipping the box . The poop usually does go through , but then you still have to take the top off and scoop the wet stuff out . It just did not work for me . I do not recommend this product .
 Maybe it 's just my luck but the lead does n't close correctly . Every time I turned it over to filter the clamped pieces some of the litter gets through . Great idea though .
 It is possible that it may work for some cats.The mechanics of rolling this box to collect the clamped waste are actually quite clever.However , if your cats insist on using it near the edges , the waste will cling to the box itself and stay there no matter how much you roll the litter box . Then you are back to cleaning it the old fashioned way , except that 1/3rd of the box is wasted and this box is n't particularly convenient to open for daily scooping .
 Well , I thought this would be the greatest thing ever , but I was wrong . Rave reviews , good idea , etc. . The problem , I believe , lies in the cheap plastic sifter wall and latches . See , the sifter wall does not stay snapped into its proper place -LRB- and yes , it is facing the right direction -RRB- . This causes the top to not fit tightly/properly onto the bottom and the front latch by the tray does not slide into place correctly . Because of the poor fit , cat litter spills out of the box everytime I roll it over , which means I am sweeping the floor everytime I clean the box . Also , maybe my cats leave giant packages or something , but half of the time the clumps in the tray are too big to slide out of the box ! This means , that 's right , having to take the top off , undo all the latches , etc. . Big pain , seeing as how this causes the sifter wall to pop out and requires that I re-snap it into place , which means cleaning any litter out of the slots that it fits in , touching the litter , etc. etc. . THis thing takes 3 times as long to use as a normal box with clumping litter . Let me tell you , it 's the CLUMPIMG LITTER that is the amazing thing here . Easy to clean up . That has been the great thing about this box - it turned me on to the clumping litter . I am scrapping this box and going back to my old one , it will be so much easier ! I wo n't have to touch anything except the scooper - dreamy ! I wo n't have to fight with a plastic box and stupid cheap latches that do n't fit into the right spot -LRB- and top that does n't snap into place -RRB- . Also , the box requires a hallway or something so that you can roll the box over , which may not work for a lot of people 's situations . If the thing worked properly , I think it would be okay . Oh , and I checked for little pieces of plastic blocking the latches and all of the other ideas people had to accommodate the poor quality and design - did n't help.My advice - save your $ and frustrations and just get some clumping litter .
 If you had asked me what I thought of this box the first few weeks that I had it I would have sung you a song about how it is the best box that was ever created . However , after 2 months of use that is no longer the case . While my kitties love it , it has become an absolutely useless box in the `` rolling '' to clean capacity . The two problems that have caused us stop using this box are as follows , litter leaks out of the seams when it is rolled -LRB- which was not a problem in the beginning -RRB- , and the plastic grate used to sift the dirty from the clean litter will not stay clipped to the bottom so there is no separation of dirty from clean litter . It was lovely while it lasted , but it should have lasted a whole lot longer .
 We got this box a few months ago . We had big hopes for it , but quickly noticed that the clumped litter often stuck to the bottom and sides of the box , so just turning over the box never got the litter clean enough . Also , when completely cleaning out the box -LRB- discarding all used liter , washing the plastic -RRB- it is such a pain to get around all the crannies . Using a simple box and scoop is more effective for us . I like the covered design , but the side compartment -LRB- to filter the litter after turning the box over -RRB- is too much unused space for our small bathroom . Will be looking for a simpler covered litter box .
 has n't anyone seen the episode of My Cat From Hell ?! this litter box was serious criticized by cat behaviorist Jackson Galaxy . who -LRB- cat or otherwise -RRB- wants to be surrounded by their pee from top to bottom and side to side a few times daily ?! personally , I think this is a disgusting idea . I wonder where all the 5 stars came from ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Not what expected at all . Requires a large area for tilting and even after providing this it does n't do what it says . I never got the clumps to collect in the removable tray . Very disappointing , I ended up using it as regular litter box with a cover .
 I only used this for a few days . Was trying to make it easier on my roommate while I was on vacation . The cats shunned it because it was way too small for them . The unit does not work as advertised . It spills easily making constant huge messes and does not filter waste as advertised . Do n't waste your time and hard-earned money . Amazon should not have anything to do with this terrible product .
 ACTUALLY ENDED UP SENDING IT BACK , WOULD N'T FIT IN MY SPACE . I 'M SURE THIS HAS A GOOD USE , JUST NOT FOR ME .
 This was supposed to be a large litter box , but when I received it today , it definitely is not the large . Will be returning and ordering for less on PETCO site . Very disappointed ... Please correct the listing ASAP !
 The box arrived promptly . The instructions were not clear to me . The box did not clean , and once I took it completely apart , it would not go back together . It is now outside as a protection against the weather
 The box does not fit together easily even on initial assembly . The inner pieces do not line up properly so the lid would not clip on.Sloppy design - lack of compatible measurements.A disappointing waste of money .
 This item came to me shipped with the box open and packed horribly and the item looked used and appears it will break any minute . Everything about this item I ordered was terrible . Amazon needs to package their items more securely . Very dissatisfied .
 WOW ! there are a lot of fake reviews on this item . TOTAL PIECE OF TRASH . DO NOT buy this if you have a cat that pees standing up straight out onto the wall . you will be terribly sorry . This thing did not work once for me . Just ended up with cat urine everywhere on the inside and inside the rim and all over the grates and under the grates and it did not sift correctly not once for me . IT IS NOW IN THE GARBAGE OR RECYCLE BIN or whichever i forgot because I tried my hardest to forget this nightmare of a butt box . Total waste of my money -LRB- i mean who 's going to send back a butt box ? -RRB- I did buy it at petco and not amazon . I would say only buy this if you have a kitten the squats perfectly and makes perfect little clumps and MAYBE it MIGHT work for you but probably will not last long and will turn into a jammed up mess .
 I asked for a pink one and they sent me the wrong color . Now ill have to send it back to get the right color. : -LRB-
 Although the concept is great , I think this design worked better on the drawing board than in actuality . I had trouble with litter getting caught and clumping in the plastic grid thing and having the waste not being capture in the drawer like it was supposed to . I also had problems with litter sticking to the bottom of the box and not going into the drawer like it was supposed to . This box requires a lot of floor space in order to make it roll which I found inconvenient . Because of the sticking and clumping litter issues I had to disassemble this box several times a day -LRB- I have three cats -RRB- and clean the box which I know this box was not designed for that . It was designed to eliminated all the extra work in having a litter box , but this box actually created more work for me . So I ditched it and went back to an old fashioned litter box .
 I finally tossed out this self-cleaning litter box today . Fortunately , it fits our 95 gallon trash can very nicely . Initially , the self-cleaning design seemed to work OK . But I eventually lost patience dealing with the flawed self-cleaning function . My wife hated this product from day one
 I had high hopes for this litter box based on the reviews , but this box does not work consistently . If your cat happens to pee too close to the vented side , and I fail to see how this would not happen with every cat at some point , a huge mess is created ! The wet litter gets stuck in the vents and the clean litter will no longer pass through smoothly . It took me 45 minutes to scrape the mess out with a screwdriver and then disinfect it and dry it . I rolled and cleaned the box each day , but did n't pick up on this problem for what must have been a few days . You wo n't necessarily know if this is happening unless you open the box and look each time . Otherwise , if you do n't realize the vents are blocked , your poor cat does n't have as much clean litter as you thought and creates an even bigger mess ! Also , if your cat 's poop happens to not be thoroughly encased in litter , when you roll the box it is possible for the poop to smear across the top and sides of the box . Your cat then ends up with poop on his or her fur as they move around in the box !! So it can be really nasty for you and your cat in my experience . Because you ca n't see if anything like this is wrong without opening the box every time and looking , it is totally not worth it . The clips are a pain to open . I had about two weeks before these problems cropped up when the box worked great . So I 'm wondering if a lot of these glowing reviews were posted quickly before the owners ran into these issues . I see a few posted follow ups , so maybe I am just unlucky . But really I ca n't see how a cat would NEVER hit too close to the vents or that poop would not smear at some time . No matter how well your cat covers it up , when you roll the box the stool all gets uncovered ; so if the litter does n't happen to stick completely to the poop , it can create a terrible mess . Finally , the opening is large and litter and dust does spray out the front a bit when you roll it and that is irritating as well . Scooping a regular box is faster and cleaner , and it wastes less litter . Mine 's going in the trash .
 I thought the idea was interesting and decided to give it a shot given the large number of positive reviews.After using the box for about a month , I think I 'll be going back to a more traditional box . Here 's why :1 -RRB- Even using pretty good clumping cat litter , you still get chunks that stick to the walls of the box and end up needing to give the box a thump or two so it loosens . Even then , it will require a good scrub every now and then .2 -RRB- It 's pretty hard to avoid spilling litter out of the box when you roll it . The opening where you slide in the catch tray for used clumps does little to keep the catch tray in place as you roll it and is pretty crudely cut so as the it moves around a bit when rolling . You could go to the trouble of holding it in place as you roll but when you 're trying to get the stuck clumps off the sides of the box , this can prove difficult . The other issue is that litter tends to come out the front as you roll it as well.These two factors seem to kind of defeat the purpose of the box and that 's before I 've even used the box enough to test the strength of the clips that hold the lid on ...
 After an initial honeymoon period , when the litterbox was still new , therefor , relatively clean , and easy to keep clean , I was very happy with the purchase.THEN , after my cat had about of very loose stools , it became a nightmare to keep clean . The loose poop , which is covered by litter , gets caught in the straining grate . The entire box must be disassembled and cleaned out and it is very difficult to get the poop out from between the bars of the grate.Also , by chance , this weekend , I was watching a show on cats on Animal Planet . The cat expert talked about this exact box and said that it was bad for cats in the very way it is constructed . When you roll the box from side to side to redistribute the litter , the sides get coated with the scent of urine -- a complete turn off for cats ! -LRB- I have noticed that no matter how clean I keep this box , both my cats have been opting for our more old fashioned -LRB- and much easier to clean -RRB- , though less private litter box.Sadly , this box was not a solution for us for easy litter box cleaning .
 Ugh ! This was not a good experience for me or my cat . My cat hated this litter box -LRB- it was just too small for her -RRB- and it was an absolute mess to clean . The internal sifter was just a huge pain in the butt to get clean and little bits of dried urine and poo would stick to the sifter . I was so disgusted with this box that I just threw it in the garbage . I was too upset to even return it . I just wanted it out of my house . I got a better one -LRB- through Amazon , of course ! -RRB- and my cat loves it . -LRB- See my review of theX-Large Deluxe Hooded Litter Box -LRB- Colors May Vary -RRB- - now THAT 'S a great litter box . -RRB-
 Usually reading reviews and buying products based on the reviews does n't fail me but this time it most certainly did . This litter box is very large and bulky , it leaks litter EVERY time I turn it to sift the sand , and mine does n't even close properly . The plastic fasteners do not keep it closed . Not to mention changing the litter is SO frustrating ! I ca n't get all the litter to go into the trash bag because no real way to pour it in ! It was hard to spend $ 30 on a litter box so this was a very disappointing purchase for me .
 We have three cats , so the litter box gets a fair amount of use . We clean it everyday and this litter box is already starting to fall apart . The clips are breaking and the screen does not always stay in place . The scoop drawer is kind of off kilter now as well . Wish we 'd just bought a real -LRB- electric -RRB- automatic litter box .
 I was lead to believe this was a `` Self Cleaning '' litter box . I mean come on ... I was searching for the hook up to the toilet REAL self cleaning litter box . Could not locate it . What we received was a completely manual way of trapping stank in your home for an EXTENDED PERIOD OF TIME . I was lead to believe batteries , at minimum , filtered the waste . Nope , roll the achward shaped turd bucket clock wize and trape SOME waste in a slide out poop/pee mess maker . Litter everywhere , worthless , waste of money !!!
 the pump does n't reach the bottom so you do n't get full use of water in tank . There is a hole in the back where the wire goes through . The prob w/this is that you do n't know till its too late that you have over filled . Cheaply made . A waste of money but looks pretty far away .
 I ordered this litter box along with several other items using 1 Click Shipping . The other items have already arrived and the shipping costs were reasonable . I am supposed to receive my litter box this week , but am really steamed that the shipping cost doubled the price of the litter box . It went from $ 30 to $ 60 . There are other litter boxes available on Amazon with Free Super Saver Shipping . I am really steamed that I bought this one . And it has n't even arrived yet !
 Have you put your cat 's litter in an enclosed pan so that the dust from the litter does n't get all over the space where you 've put the pan?Question
 After reading the wonderful reviews and all the stars this product received , I too purchased this . I wanted my cat to have a litter box with a dome for privacy and loved the idea of not having to scoop the litter pan each day.First , when I received it , it was , ofcourse , cheaply made . It does not look like it will last very long with all the turning you have to do each day . Second , the mesh that allows the clumps to go into the pull out drawer is so small that my cat 's huge clumps will not go through.The first try , I noticed that the only thing that got collected in the pull out drawer was the litter itself . The clumps stayed behind . The more I tried , the more litter was collecting and the clumps would not go through . I inspected and came to realize that the small vent holes are just to small for even a small clump . Her stoll will not even fit so how can it go through for collecting and disposing?Bottom line , the reviewers are either on something , or permanently insane . I am returning this item and suggest that NO ONE THROW THEIR MONEY AWAY ON THIS PRODUCT . This is false advertisement and no one should stand for it . Unless you have a miniature cat the size of a hamster , then this product is okay because the stoll will definitely fit . But cats are not that tiny and their stools are not going to fit through the tiny vented holes . Look at it carefully ; it does n't take an engineering degree to figure that one outDO N'T BE STUPID IN BUYING THIS PRODUCT AND DO N'T BELIEVE THESE REVIEWERS . Most of the reviewers say they still have to scoop the litter box yet they rate it a four or five star . Very smart you guys !!! If you have to scoop the litter box , then get a regular litter box and do n't pay extra for something that does not work . Let 's have some common sense here.If I could give it a 0 star , I would , but I had to give it one star . It deserves no star .
 It is difficult to keep the `` pins '' in place so when turning the box the litter dumps out . I use it now as just a covered litter box and scoop like the regular ones .
 Only a small kitten would fit in this one . Get the extra large one to be safe .
 Bought 2
 i read the reviews and was hopeful this would work well . it did n't for me . it was more trouble than my regular cat litter box .
 When I was assembling the litter box , I noticed a splatter on the back wall and it smelled like litter had already been in it . The splatter was poop !!! I looked closely and there were also scratch marks . Litter box came used !
 I think the idea of the product is really good , how ever , It needs a door , my cat does not like going without a litter door.My litter box was lacking the clips that maintain the litter box closed , so all the sand goes out of the box . I contact the manufacturer 2 weeks ago and they said they were going to send the clips , today , they still have n't send anything . TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE !
 This Litter Box is horrible !!! Do not buy ! I am returning mine ! The clips are never locked up , even when I check them to make sure they are locked , I turn the box over and litter comes out !!! The 1st time i turned it over Everything spilled . The regular size one is waaaayyyy too small for a normal size cat because the stuff inside takes up half the box , literally !!!! On top of that everything gets stuck on the sifter things and dries up-obviously creating not a sanitary environment for the cat unless u have a hose and can wash it off all the time ! It smells badlly when the things get stuck in the grades ! I ca n't be taking it outside every week and washing it because i live in an apartment !!! Over all its not at all what i expected and a BIG waste of money & time ! I am going to get a regular litter box @ the store tonight like we had before !!!! I was looking for something that would make our life easier with cleaning the box but this box has made it worst . And for some reason my cat has been going outside of it as well ... we are thinking because when he turns around his butt hangs over the side and I dont think that the cat realizes that & just drops it sbusiness and then it end up on my bathroom floor ! NOT GOOD !
 A very well meaning friend just gave me one of these as a gift . Unfortunately he did not know I have had it before . The sight of it made me sick . First do not get this if you plan to put it in a bathroom . I have never had one that had the space required for it to roll , and plan on it leaking litter . I bought one about 2 years ago , and I had to have it replaced 3 times because of it breaking apart , leaving a much bigger mess to clean up than just changing the litter , and while their customer service is very helpful , their product is literally garbage . After the fourth box , I threw it away and accepted my loss . Please do not make this mistake .
 I bought the Omega Paw Self-Cleaning Litter Box being so excited that I would not have to scoop poop . Initially , I was pretty impressed with the product as it only required me to tip the box . No pooper scooper ! Yet after using it for a while , I realized how dirty the product got from tipping it to empty out litter cakes and feces . Poop smears and clay litter smears were all along the side . I even think that because the scent of my cat 's excretions were all over one side of the litter box , he sprayed inside the litter box on the other side of it . Let 's not even mention the horrors of this litter box when my cat had loose stool . I have since taken out the sifting screen and tray and bought a litter scoop . I much prefer scooping the poop then sifting and knocking his feces and pee cakes into a tray !
 My wife bought one of these several years ago . I doubted the ` self cleaning ' claim especially at the price . Admittedly , it can collect some of the solid waste for quick easy removal . However , smaller pieces still get caught & must be dealt with the old fashioned way - with a scoop and persistent attention to the task.Reviewer Qualifications
 The box worked well for about a month then I started having problems . When I rolled the box much of the clean litter was being caught in the scoop . I thought maybe I had added to much litter so I took some out , with less litter everything was sticking to the sides and bottom of the box . Also when I rolled the box litter would come out at the seam where the top and bottom join . It turned out to be less work to just scoop than to deal with all this . I was very disappointed because of all the good reviews for this litter box . If you think just as I did that this box is the answer to all the scooping I 'm afraid you 'll find just as I did it does n't work that well .
 Based on the high ratings this product received we invested in two of these . It has been less than two months now and both are inoperable . The latches fail to close properly after a short period of use and every time we roll the box litter pours out the back . This is NOT what you want . . absolutely disgusting ! So needless to say these two relatively expensive litter boxes are on their way to the trash , and we 're going back to scooping . Do n't waste your money !!
 I have three cats so thought this would be an easy way to scoop litter . I found that there is more effort cleaning up the litter that comes out when you roll the box than actually scooping the litter . If any litter sticks to the sides , you need to reach in and break it free . It takes a large amount of space to roll the box so plan accordingly . I have gone back to my regular litter boxes since this one is not ready for prime time ...
 My cats hated the tiny entryway . The scoop always spilled . We wound up taking the top off and never using it . Do n't waste the $ $ .
 7-17-11
 i was hoping that this litter box would deliver me from litter box hell ... i think it infact sent me further into it 's depths . i have never once smelled `` cat '' or have been told that my apartment smells of `` cat '' ... since owning and using this litter box i , myself , notice that my apartment smells of `` cat '' . this product worked well at first but as others have claimed it began to fail and never avenged it 's self . do not waste your time with this product unless you enjoy frustration and disappointment .
 I read all the positive reviews and hoped for the very best , but was disappointed . I 'm basically using this box like any other covered box - removing the top , scooping out messes , adding litter and replacing the top . The bad does n't get seperated from the good as it should , so I still have to do it myself . Oh well ...
 My boyfriend got this for me as a gift to make cleaning the litter box for our two cats a bit easier . I love the idea , but in reality the thing does n't save time and has actually caused more frustration because it leaks when you roll it over . At first it only leaked a little , and I checked the locks and re-secured it and it was okay for a few more turns . Then , it started leaking more and more , to the point where I would have to vacuum every time I used it . Now I 'm afraid to roll the darn thing over and have just gone back to scooping -LRB- which I do n't really mind doing , anyway -- it 's certainly less messy than this thing ! -RRB- .
 I bought this based on the positive reviews , but the negative reviews reflect my experience after trying it . I especially wanted to reduce the amount of litter outside the box , thinking that the large cover would help . What happened is that , as others have mentioned , the clasps holding the top on failed to work after the first few uses , and litter leaked onto the floor whenever I rolled the box over . The result was a lot MORE litter on the floor . I was thinking about returning the product , but have instead been using it with just the cover -LRB- without the filter or scooper with the handle -RRB- . It works OK as a regular cat box , though takes more floor space than a regular box and was much more expensive . Overall , I 'm sorry I made this purchase .
 I bought Cat Sitter1 for my 3 cats , they enjoyed it so much I gave Cat Sitter 2 a go . What a disappointment !! They were bored within 5 minutes of it being on ! The entire dvd is of birds and only birds as compared to Cat Sitter 1 that has a variety of animals that catches the cats attention span in short segments . Trust me , if you have to choose between the two , do n't spend your money on on CS2 , however , it may appeal to the -LRB- human -RRB- avid bird watcher ... -LRB- ? -RRB-
 I was expecting much more from this video . Only part of interest was the birds and they were short and not particularly well done .
 We thought our cat would love this DVD but we were very disappointed . He did take notice of the birds and came up to the screen to watch closely for a minute or two but that was it . Every time we turn it on , he takes notice for a minute or two . It 's too much money to pay for something that interests him for such a short time .
 Fun to ride but any well spirited dog -LRB- specially terriers -RRB- wil bite and run inmediatly with the mouse , finishing the game in 3 seconds or less .
 It goes really slow . The mouse battery also only lasts about 1 minute then you have to recharge it . It is also difficult to steer and gets stuck very easily .
 this piece of junk would not even open so I can put the battery . everything was wrong with it . even the wheels on the mouse were rusty .
 I was so excited to give this to my cats on Christmas morning . They showed little interest . It 's really hard to control , and it has to be charged after a minute of use . I think it 's a great theory , but it just did n't pan out as I had hoped . There are probably better remote controlled mice out there , but this simply did not cut the mustard .
 My cats liked it but the stupid thing , after charged , only holds 30 seconds to a minute of the charge , only works on hard surfaces , the wheels get stuck , it only goes in reverse for 5 seconds and turning does n't work after the next second.Why ca n't someone make one that lasts longer like the toy cars?This is n't worth it . Save yourself time , batteries and money and attach a mouse to a string.Maybe I will just buy a remote controlled car . My cats wo n't know the difference .
 Worked great ... . for less than ten minutes then the mouse -LRB- which you must attach to battery module -RRB- would not charge . DONT BUY .
 Unfortunately I bought it with a coupon on petrx.com so the item is only worth $ 4 they claim and the postage to ship it back cost more than that . I am very disgusted with petrx . com in general and will not be coming back . Furthermore this device is a shame . It is terrible to recharge and lasts 10seconds do not get it ! It went straight into the garbage .
 I got this for my ferret , who absolutely loves to chase me around . I just do n't have the same energy level as him , so this seemed like a great idea . This also seemed like the product with the most positive reviews . Out of the box I charged it up and raced it around -- my ferret loved it ! He was sick , recovering from a bad reaction to vaccinations , but it got him playing more than any other toy or treat I 've tried ! Problem is , I 've only been able to charge it twice in the day I 've had it . I 'm usually great at figuring out electronics and tend to `` get '' things where others do n't , but this is a * % ^ @ $ to charge ! The stars must have to align or something ... The instructions are virtually non-existent and I did notice a big difference in running times . After that initial out-of-the-package charge , the second time around the mouse lasted only about half as long . I do n't remember kids ' remote-controlled cars needing a charging station -- and I fail to see why this ca n't have a watch battery or something similar in the mouse itself , as well as the AA batteries in the remote . The charging , and its construction , happen to be hideous . Once I get it going my little fuzzy loves it , the problem is getting it going ...
 I like the idea of a remote control mouse and know my daughter 's cats would have loved it . However the sad reality is when this item arrived it did n't work . The mouse is literally dead on arrival . I 'm going to return it and reget the time and effort I spent ordering it . I do n't like writing bad reviews for a product , but anyone ordering this needs to know what a low quality item this is .
 It 's a great idea . A remote control mouse . My cat absolutely loved playing with this , for exactly 5 seconds at a time . It takes a relatively long time to charge and about 45 seconds to need to be recharged . Since it took about 40 seconds for my cat to start getting into it , his actual play time was 5 seconds at a clip . Now he thinks I 'm a tease . Fer crying out loud , engineers , you can send a man to the moon with a current generation computer the size of a postage stamp , why ca n't someone come up with a decent radio-controlled toy mouse ? I 'd buy one , definitely . Just my two cents .
 I have bought two of these and neither work . I can open the package , charge it , but the mouse wo n't move . Save your money , buy something else .
 The You-tube kitten chasing the remote control mouse inspired me to purchase this product . My cats look bored in its presence and it has not had the desired effect.This mouse is slow and steering is difficult . Charging it is complex and seating and removing the mouse in the charge assembly lacks readable directions.On the other hand , the customer service department is great . If only my cats thought the mouse was as good .
 Charge it for a minute then runs for about 10 seconds and stops . It is annoy to go and get it and charge it again . My cat loves it but its a burden to play with him with it.I got this cause I am lazy to run with a toy mouse . So the remote control mouse was suppose to have me kick back on the couch and have my cat go nuts.It is a good idea but it needs a longer battery run time ! Come on at least use a cell battery.Have a better run time , at least 30 min or an hour not 20 seconds .2 stars for the idea , if some one finds better let me know .
 very poor charging system -- worst yet the charge last only for a very short period of time -- less then a minute.L SerattiMichigan
 i had been looking for a toy like this for a long time . when i did find this one , i had my doubts since it already looked kind of whimsical to begin with . anyhow -LRB- and as already stated in other reviews -RRB- , the initial set up is everything but intuitive . as for the running time of the mouse - i 'd say mine lasts a whopping 2 minutes after every charge . needless to say that this is going to be returned ... i have to conclude
 difficult to open , difficult to follow instructions , I could n't get it to work . very disappointed
 This is poorly made - runs 5 seconds then stops . Then you charge it but it may or may not run for another 5 seconds . Very poorly made . And I bought 2 of them . Lucky me .
 What a good idea ! Oh boy ! Expectations of fun!We charged the mouse . It lumbered slowly for a few seconds . Our cats watched , fascinated . Suddenly , the mouse died . Dead . Never to lumber again . End of story.Save your money and look elsewhere !
 The battery cover had a screw on it that was really hard to get off , then put in 2 AA batteries and let it charge numerous times yet the product never worked . I tried other batteries , tried charging it a different way . Still did n't work.Waste of money
 I , too , was inspired by the YouTube video of the kitten chasing this remote control mouse . Perhaps I got a dud , but it only runs on the hardwood floor , backs up straight , but moving forward veers to the left and runs out of steam after about 30 seconds ... it takes 45 to charge it ! Putting the mouse back onto the main unit to charge it is quite difficult . If it is n't aligned just exactly so , the charge light does n't light and it wo n't charge.The cats LOVE it ... when it works . I only gave it 2 stars because they do love it and it provides great exercise for my indoor kitties.I will definintely be looking for an alternative remote control mouse since they love it so much .
 The only good thing about this product is it charges in 45 seconds which is pretty fast . However , the charge only holds for like 2 mintues and the mouse is NOT fast as you would expect it to be . Literally just about at 2 mintues the thing starts to slow down and die . Not worth the time to re-charge and I would n't purchase again unless the charge lasted for much , much longer .
 This product is a good idea , but poorly engineered . I purchased mine about a week ago . Mostly cons on this item . 1 . Very difficult to attach the mouse to the docking unit to charge . 2 . Directly out of the box , the mouse was impossible to steer . It wants to go in circles . I found the adjustment on the bottom of the mouse , but even after multiple adjustments the mouse had a mind of it 's own . It will not go straight . The steering works somewhat but the mouse movements are jerky and unpredictable . 3 . After a few uses , the mouse has slowed down considerably to the point where it almost will not run after a full charge . Pro ... cat loves the mouse . These are a very cheaply made product that does n't work well and does n't last long . Quality control on this product is nonexistant .
 We bought our 's from another store but I felt compelled to write a review anyway . This product is cheaply and poorly made ! The rear wheels , the drive wheels , will shift to one side so that the gears will not mesh . All you hear is the little electric motor grinding away but the toy goes nowhere . I 'd suggest finding a better-made product - we 're still looking for one .
 None of my guinea pigs liked this.They would sniff it ocassionally , but that 's about it.They do love timothy hay just not this food .
 a WASTE OF MONEY . We had a female cat who decided to start peeing to mark her territory . I read several reviews and thought this product would finally help to rid the smell.We tried the quart bottle with the sprayer and the smell returned in 2-3 days . So , I thought we needed to apply more of the product . We then purchased the gallon of AIP . We treated 2 areas measuring 4x4 each , so a total of 32 feet . My husband saturated the carpet , I mean saturated . He even treaded in the areas in tennis shoes so as to get down into the pad . The product sqooshed and foamed up . Guess what...2-3 days later the stench returned . However , it now smells like a metallic/piss smell . We also tried What Odor ? Did n't work . Also tried cleaning with the bissel spot bot using bissel pet odor eliminator in the machine . Did n't work . And the latest attempt , Arm and Hammer Baking soda Pet Deodorizer Oxi formula . Again , did n't work .
 This was another attempt at trying to rid our house of cat pee smell . This product did n't really live up to its name .
 After trying many , many products in the market I decided that paying much more was going to be worth it if there was a solution to the problem with my 2 Pomeranians urinating in the tile floor . Before spraying this product I cleaned the problem areas with Clorox disinfectant and used a damp cloth to let it dry for an hour . I sprayed lots of anti icky poo on the tile floor , frame doors and all the specific problem areas then went over again with a dry cloth so the areas were not soaking wet and let it dry . This was done a couple more times till I considered there could not be any more smell residue from urine . Imagine my surprise when I realized it had not worked at all .
 I am extremely disappointed with this product.I have four cats and i am toilet training them , like all the people that have toilet trained their cats know that there are some times accidents , i though that by buying this product it will help with the smell and eliminate dose little accidents i did n't even think too much about buying it since it has a really `` good rating '' . Well let me tell you that when i bough it it help with the smell and my cats stopped using the floor as their second restroom for approximately 2 days after that all hell breaks through and by the next morning my bathroom became a huge litter box . I continued using it until i could take it any more.and my husband making fun of me by believing in this supposedly `` Anti Icky Poo Remover `` I am very disappointed by its results . So far the best thing that has helped is mixing vinegar with water and soup and that has been keeping my restroom smelling better and my cats has shown more interest in using the toilet again .
 My six year old , spayed , female cat decided to start using the carpet in an unused , empty room instead of her litter box . Did n't realize she was doing this for a while until it started stinking really badly . Pee-yew !!! When I read the reviews here I was so excited that I might be able to save the carpet and furnish the room for guests staying over the holidays . I soaked the area with the product as directed and waited until it dried but it did n't get rid of the odor . I expected that the high price of this stuff must mean it would work . What a disappointment ! Also , I do n't see any guarantee offered by the manufacturer of this product . Maybe it works on other odors , but not cat pee . I had to remove the carpet .
 Treated the area twice , but no change - cat spray on carpet.Will not buy again nor will not recommend.Very disappointed .
 This stuff had great reviews , but it has yet to work for me . I 've used it a number of times and it has done less or more than the standard odor remover / cleaner that is readily available and significantly cheaper from many local retailers .
 This product did not work at all . Our cat urinated on the couch and we tried this but it did n't help . We wound up getting a different couch . Woolite or oxyclean works better .
 Masked the odor at first but did n't get rid of the smell in the long run at all . Waste of money completely .
 Our friend 's cat came over and decided he liked our couch better than the litter box . I used this product , let it sit over night and then cleaned the couch with a steam cleaner . It took the edge off the smell , but that is it . I did 4 treatments with this , and still the smell prevailed , until I used `` Kids and Pets '' , which took the smell completely away after just 1 use .
 We moved into a new house recently . The past owners ' cat was apparently very angry about the move and peed all over the dining room carpet . In an attempt to not have to rip it all up , I tried Anti-Icky-Poo . I used the P-Bath first since we had attempted to get rid of the horrible odor using a professional carpet cleaner and our own carpet cleaner . Then , I painstakingly injected the Anti-Icky-Poo every 4 inches across the ENTIRE floor . 2 hours , sore hands , and a wrecked back later , I had injected the entire floor , sprayed it , and worked it in with my feet . I let it sit for 2 days , then resprayed the top , 2 more days , respray again.NO CHANGE that whole time . There was a slight relief in smell for the day after it was sprayed , but then it came back.I got sick of wasting money on this stuff , so we ripped up the carpet , bleached the subfloor , and are in the process of sealing and recovering it.So , if your problem is a preexisting odor -LRB- this stain was at least 2 month old and covered a large area -RRB- , then this is not the product for you . The stain did not reach much of the subfloor -LRB- checked with a blacklight -RRB- but did cover most of the carpet . I 'm guessing it was spread by the initial cleaning efforts.So disappointed , but refuse to have that NASTY DIRTY stuff in my house !!! The bleach got rid of the smell ...
 This was recommended to me by several friends who said it was the best product they had so far used for cat spray/marking odor . Over the last few days I have used it on carpet and so far it has only slightly diminished the smell . Only slightly . I soaked the area , have let it dry and reapplied . Still no better . So ! while I very much wish this had done the trick my carpet still stinks .
 The description online says it 's for things including feces but the packing when it comes in the mail does not include that problem . And there are 3 other products that depending on your circumstances you may have to use as well . I was n't looking for a easy fix but I certainly was n't looking to make it more complicated .
 I purchased the P-Bath , the anti-icky poo , and the feliway . None of them worked . The odor is still there and I 've retreated the areas at least six times . It was a total waste of money . I would not recommend it at all .
 My cat actually ruined a bookcase by peeing on the carpet next to it . I bought this product and Feliway , the product recommended to keep the cat away from the spot.The Anti Icky Poo said to first clean any spots with carpet cleaner . The Feliway , which I bought -LRB- as recommended on this site and others -RRB- to keep the cat away from the spot , said that cats will be drawn by commercial carpet cleaners , so which is it ? I tried saturating the spot with the cleaner and then blotting . The cat came back and peed on the spot that I had cleaned . I tried cleaning it and simultaneously spraying the Feliway . She did it again . This stuff is expensive and it did n't work AT ALL . I am considering having the cat put down at this point . I live in a rental and I will be charged for this .
 Good stand after 3 days of trying to put it together with nothing but picture on box to look at , and you still wo n't be able to put it together . You will have to get a hold of Sherlock Holmes to figure it out .
 It did n't last very long at all . My dog chewed it right up , not tough at all . I would have returned it , but it was shredded all over the backyard .
 I loved the idea of the No Mess Hall add-on feeder , so I bought one . However , I soon realized its drawbacks . First , unless you 're using extremely small pieces of food , the food wo n't fall down into the bottom chamber freely when you fill the bin from the top . I felt like I was trying to shove walnuts down the neck of an hourglass . Second , my hamster made a mess in the tunnel . Food was strewn down the connecting tunnel from the food bin and flew everywhere when I removed these pieces for cleaning .
 I have a 150 gallon tank and kept having my ph rebound . I had to use almost the whole bottle and I do n't think I was supposed to . Ended up buying proper ph 7 and that seems to be doing the trick .
 This stuff just does nothing ! I guess my tank just wants to be 7.6 . It does not seem to bother my barbs/cichlids/catfish / pleco so I give up !
 Read the directions . Put amount needed in , did a PH re-test , still high waited till the next day , put more in . Still high , waited another day . Did this for 4 days , PH never came down . Obviously I do n't understand the full spectrum of what 's going on here , but if your in my shoes do n't assume this will fix your high PH problems . I 'm sure it 's not the products fault , but it 's definitely not as simple as putting in a magic product to make your tank have good readings .
 It did n't really change the ph levels at all . I was hoping that the lowering of the ph from this stuff would keep the ph low . I would put it in new water when I did my water changes , and it did n't really do anything . I put massive amounts in each gallon of water to try and permanently lower the ph in each gallon . It did n't last though . I monitored a gallon jug of water and less than 24 hours after putting 10 ml of ph down in 1 gallon jug of water the ph levels were back up to almost what they were before . I know this is because my water is so hard but it just was n't enough . If you are looking to lower the levels , get Fluval peat moss extract instead . Put that in a media bag and drop it in your canister or power filter and it will have a more positive long term effect on your ph level . One box lasts for several months with positive effects .
 realized that ph up and ph down - are not anything but temporary fixes ; the real need is to cycle a aquarium and work with it with water changes or water from a reverse osmosis source in the first place-not mess with the chemicals which at best are a cover up and do n't last long and really hurt the fish more than it seems they help . sorry I purchased
 i do n't know why they call it PH UP when it fail to bring PH up . it just a waste of my good money .
 when starting a new aquarium i thought that I `` needed '' this and ph down to regulate my tank ; but after getting professional advise from a reliable source was educated to know how to cycle my tank correctly and using such chemicals are only temporary not fixes and often cause more problems than they fix . So these will just sit there as they serve no need for me ...
 This new awful perfume makes me headache . I wonder why my cat is avoiding the litter and pissing around my house lately . I simply do n't understand what is wrong with the original scent ...
 If you are the type of person who likes to douse themselves in perfume to cover up bad BO then this is the product for you.We use World 's Best Cat litter and it does smell a little but no where near as bad as it smells when this powder is added . I litterally -LRB- HAR -RRB- gag at the awful smell it produces . Sure it does n't smell like kitty pee anymore , but that 's because the perfume smell is so overwhelming it 's hard to smell anything else.My b/f likes this product and thinks it smells better with it , but his nose is n't nearly as sensitive as mine .
 Product is OK , Seems to make the odors go away right after spreading the product . Although within minutes the power of product is gone . Also should have check the size of the item . This was a small box and I could have gotten twice the size for same price at store . Will not buy online again ...
 this deodorizer works well , but has a horrible cheap perfume smell that is a bit overwhelming -LRB- although not as strong as their litter sand perfume -RRB- . If you like strong perfume smells then you may like this product , but I hate it . sprinkling some standard baking soda works just as well without making your whole house smelling like cheap perfume , not to mention it 's cheaper to buy regular baking soda at a grocery store .
 My cat absolutely hates this stuff . After one use , he sneezed for hours and refused to use his litter box until I dumped the whole thing out . The smell of this stuff is more nauseating than regular cat droppings and it clung to my cat for days .
 I bought these bowls specifically because of the reviews from spaniel owners saying it kept ears dry . Fail . Sopping wet ears.The bowls are super cute , though .
 I have cocker spaniels and wanted to try this set . I ripped the box open in great anticipation to find that the frame is off balance . The 4 legs do n't sit on the floor at one time . Maybe it 's a defect , but for now , I 'm disappointed . I really ca n't use it .
 These bowls are nice but mine came with a missing rubber foot on the stands . This was caused by the stand leg punching thru the box and therefore the rubber piece must have come off somewhere between them and me . I expected to find it in the exterior shipping box but did n't , so I guess it had come off before it was shipped.UPDATE : After about one year of use both of these bowls have begun splitting on the welded seam . What crap . My previous bowls that looked just like this lasted 10 years before I left them at a hotel . I bought these thinking they were equivalent . Never dreamed in modern days of manufacturing that China ca n't produce a metal bowl that could just split .
 As the owner of a Cavalier King Charles Spaniel , I am always trying to locate a feeding/water dish that will work to keep the long ears clean and dry . So I bought these . Tried them one time - and the ears were in the food and water like any regular dish . Also the narrow bowl actually traps the ears closer to the dogs head - ergo - dirty wet ears . Like every other product I have tried for long ears - I wo n't ever buy again . Actually if you stand by your dog and keep pulling the ears out of the dishes that might work -- but you can do that with regular dishes ...
 This coupler broke almost the instant I first used it -- the metal clasp fell apart and was not repairable . The thing is , my dogs are 25 and 15 pounds -- not the kind of hulking beasts that should destroy a brand new product . I would not recommend buying this coupler .
 I own two huskies , who walk fairly well on a leash . I thought this item would make it alot easier for me to walk the two together , but I was wrong . The clip that does the adjustment of the lenght is n't strong enough . It was constantly allowing slippage and the lenght that I had set between the two dogs was becoming larger . I would not recommend this item for dogs over 50 pounds that like to have a tight lead . My dogs do n't drag me down the street , but they are n't the greatest walkers either , and this just plain did n't work for them .
 I recently purchased this item and the second time I took the dogs out the coupler broke at the metal adjuster . I do not recommend purchasing this product , although I have not had any problems with other sporn products .
 The gates are very wobbly in the center , hard to slide and bothersome to latch.since my 18month old granddaughter has n't tried to get through them they are adequate . I have recently purchased metal , self locking gates and definitely prefer them to the plastic variety !
 It took me forever to put this thing together properly , and it 's not good for small doorways , there were so many panels I had to take two off . It came missing a part which really threw me for a huge loop !!! It works now , but too many screws come with it , and I would have preferred a gate that did not need to be screwed into the door frame .
 I returned this item soon after I purchased it . I was excited that it expands without having to buy the extra pieces other gates would require for my large opening . This just did n't work out . It 's too big . I do n't know that it 's fait to give it only 2 stars just because it did n't work for me , so if you 're looking for a gate that expands pretty much the entire distance it says it does , then this may work for you . If not , it 's too bulky to use for anything smaller .
 i got it for my dog -LRB- beagle basset mix -RRB- and he managed to climb over it ... getting a new one with not patterns on it ...
 I had my husband put this up - we needed to add our own 1 x 4 wood to screw in the gate to the wall - their screws are lame so we used our own wood screws too-only to find this gate is way too hard to open/close . We took it down and returned it . This was for a kitchen entrance where there is high traffic , and each time we go through this gate , we had to be very patient , for it is wobbly and you need to latch it shut - have it aligned just right and it is soooo frustrating ! The sliding door sticks and gets stuck every time so you need to push and pull to get it to slide open or shut.Once you can get it to slide open , it swings out which is great , but do n't waste your time and money !
 As much as you level it , it 's never leveled and you have to go back and forth to secure it . Little fingers can get pinched when opening closing the gate which is a dangerous situation . Money wasted . If I had know better I would have saved $ 35 more and would have bought the real gate .
 The gate had cracks in the wall mounts and the gate doesnt glide with ease . Tried contacting the company , waste of time .
 I purchased this because it was one of the few gates I could find that fit a 49 '' opening . Installation was not too difficult , but getting the gate to close is extremly difficult . Ended up buying a Dreambaby pressure mount gate which is great .
 certainly would n't trust this gate at the top of steps ! A waste of ~ $ 40
 The gate is extremely hard to open and close , sliding the sections back and forth is almost impossible unless you are a very strong person . The locking/latch system is not workable without a lot of time and trouble . The whole gate is not designed to be user-friendly .
 Re-drilled into rail four times before giving up and returning , the gate can not line up properly because the manufacturer did n't take into account when you pull the gate out there is a half inch discrepancy between the hinge and the opposing side.Oopsie !
 The only good thing about this gate is the fact that it 's long and works in a big opening . The latch on the gate is extremely difficult to use that when we first got it I would climb over it . The whole thing is plastic , even the latch . It can also be difficult to slide back when you want it open and its pretty heavy , we had to put extra holes in it and the wall to securely attach it . I would not recommend this gate to anyone .
 It arrived fast , -LRB- we have Prime and LOVE IT -RRB- , and when I took it out of the box , I was a little turned off by it . The thing is ugly . It 's just a lot of plastic , everywhere . I knew it was plastic , but once I saw it , I just was n't impressed . I gave it a chance anyway , because we have odd doorways which are wider than most so I wanted to see how it would work . It 's clunky . It 's a pain to open and close . It wobbles back and forth and if you have little ones , it could potentially pinch or catch their fingers . Plus , it seemed a bit difficult for our 6 year old to operate . It would make a great pet gate , we just do n't think it 's a great kid gate .
 I 'm not sure why so many people like this gate . We used ours for about a year before taking it down -LRB- our 1 year old was climbing on it -RRB- We installed ours going into our kitchen and it got used ALOT . I took 1 panel out as per the recommendations of another reviewer . Installing the gate was simple just bolt the uprights to the wall and your ready to go.Other reviewers complain that they needed to add wood to support the gate , well that 's going to depend on your installation as this really must be screwed into a wood stud so you will need a studfinder.Once you mount the support to the wall the gate snaps on to it and your ready to go.My main complaint is that the gate is n't self supporting which to me seems like a basic thing that should have been addressed based on how wide this gate is . What I mean by self supporting is when you have the gate completely extended the part you are holding and swinging sags severely . The sagging makes it difficult to collapse the gate inwards for storage when not in use.In our situation in order to open the gate we had to unlatch it then close it about 8 ' to clear an obstacle -LRB- bottom step of a staircase -RRB- and then swing it . The fact that it was hard to close made it an incredible pain in the butt to use.originally I was looking for a wood gate . Back when our fist child was an infant we had one upstairs that had a metal handle on it that you squeezed and listed and that gate rocked unfortunately i could not find one like that which opened to 48 `` So all in all the gate worked its 100 % plastic its ridiculously bulky , Its not attractive but like i said it did work.Lesson learned for me was I could have made a nice gate out of oak in about two hours that would have looked a ton nicer and worked better but it was winter and the garage was too darn cold.Look around make this your last resort if you ca n't find a better designed gate that meets your needs .
 This gate will expand to 50 '' , but when expanded that far it will not stay in place . This gate broke the day I got it . Poorly constructed out of cheap materials .
 This gate is exactly what we were looking for to place on our deck while the kids are outside playing . I wanted something taller than the standard gates you find in stores . However , we used it one time and the metal piece on the bottom of it snapped off , the wood actually split off to be more specific . I am returning it and have already ordered a replacement in hopes that it was just a defectives one we received . However , after reading some of the other 1 star reviews , it may just be a poorly constructed gate . I 've had ones that cost half as much that have lasted me for years . So we shall see I guess . I recommend you save the box just in case .
 left the gate with a 10-lb dachshund for 1 hour . Came home , the wire mesh was out of its place . The wire was secured by few tiny hooks inside the frame . It is the worst gate I ever purchased .
 Gate came apart the second day of use . Poorly constructed , non durable . I would return this but I threw out the carton it came in and the size is so unusual that I have n't found a way to send it back to the manufacturer . My advice , buy another product .
 I bought three of these gates for a weekend visit from friends with a 2-year old . When I put them in place , for them to be tight enough to stay , the end of the lever arm digs into and ruins the wall . Now , this may be in part because we live in an older house , and the walls may not be completely straight , but truly it feels like a design flaw . The side bends from the pressure of mounting the gate and brings that arm right into the wall as you bring it down . I bought pressure gates to AVOID ruining the walls . These were such a disappointment , I returned them and scrambled to get something else .
 This gate is flimsy . Screws and metal bracket came loose within a few weeks . It is in a high traffic area and was inexpensive , but I was hoping the gate would last longer than 2 weeks . I am back on Amazon looking for a replacement .
 The fair price attracted me to this item . This gate was broken upon receipt . Poor packaging caused brackets to come apart and wood to split in two different places . No Styrofoam or internal padding whatsoever . The shipping label had a rather large imprint of a boot on it . Brackets could not be reattached to their intended location . I had to relocate these brackets in order to make this item useable . Item is poorly constructed out of cheap materials , the fair price reflects this . Once repaired , item is useable .
 This gate can expand to 50 '' , but when expanded that far it will not stay in place.So you have to use wood shims on both edges to keep it in place or the unit will easily push over.AND ... talk about hard to use . . you have to have 8 arms to get it in place and then clamp it down.So I am considering hiring an octopus to help!This is really poorly constructed , I already snapped my fingers twice when closing it -LRB- ! % # ! & % @ $ -RRB- , As for the clamp that tightens the gate , it is so cheap , I expect it to break off at any moment .
 I am very disappointe in this product . The gate will not stay in place more than a minute . The locking mechanism does not hold . It is of some flimsy material that will not stand any pressure at all although it is supposed to be a `` pressure mount gate . '' The gate might work well for a narrow opening , but the reason I purchased it was to fit in a wider doorway . It just simply does not do what it is supposed to .
 The gate actually works fine , it is tall and wide enough . It 's just as described . However , my dog just climbs over it . The wire mesh is far enough apart that he just climbed right over it . Unfortunately , he also chewed up the top of the gate so I ca n't even return it because it 's damaged.This might work well to stop the dog from jumping over , but if you have a determined dog then they 'll climb over it .
 This gate is the right width and the right height for the space , but now matter how we tried , we were never able to get the tension right and it kept falling over . We gave up after less than a day and moved on .
 Was bought to keep 3 large and 1 small dog in a room and it works great . Pretty sturdy and easy to operate ! The price was much lower than the other gates I found which is a plus !
 I bought 3 of these -LRB- recommendation off the internet and a lot cheaper then standard pet gates -RRB- to keep my dog inside the kitchen while I was away . He is a miniature Daschund and I hate leaving him in a cage for a long periods of time . I bought this model because it is tall enough for him not to be able to jump over it . However , the wire mesh on it is easily bendable . After the first day of using it , I came home and found him sitting on the couch waiting for me . He was able to grab a hold of the mesh by biting and pulling it and completely pulled the mesh from the frame , gaining access to the living room . In the process of returning the other 2 undamaged ones back to Amazon .
 I buy a ton of products off of Amazon and rarely rate them ... This time , I had to.My wife and I bought this gate to restrict our beagle to the kitchen/dining area while away . We have another gate of similar size -LRB- from another maker -RRB- and bought this to replace a smaller version that the beagle had managed to knock down several times . Our beagle is not a large dog ... Very mid-sized and though we love him ... Not overly smart.We came home today and he was free ! He had managed to pull the mesh from the wooden corner and escape . The mesh was mangled . Upon closer look , the mesh was n't attached into the wooden frame very well.I would n't recommend this fence due to the poor attachment of the mesh . The wood was firm and it feels structurally sound , but if the mesh does n't stay in the frame , what good is it ??
 I give this a three star because though it does do it 's job and a great price and looks easy enough to assemble , it 's not quite so . While assembling it into it 's desired position , it 's very flimsy and very awkward when it 's not `` locked in '' , does n't hold it 's shape , and simply not what I was looking for . I need a gate that is about 5 inches longer , and can easily but most importantly , quickly be put up and taken down . With this , it requires too much of my time to align while making sure it has n't sort of lost it 's shape -LRB- when it does this , it 's locks up in all sorts of places where you ca n't really even slide it to adjust it 's width -RRB- and also be sure that I have n't applied too much pressure when I lock it so that I dent my doorframe . I would return it , but I do need a second gate so this will serve as the back up . What you see is really what you get ... flimsy wood and wires . I would use this as more of a permanent indoor gate , which then tells me I made a bad purchase because it 's too high for me to walk over ... sigh .
 Unfortunately this item is very cheaply made and broke the first day we used it . It 's very inexpensive so maybe that 's the problem .
 The `` solid wood '' is soft pine . The entire thing feels flimsy and the frame will bend under tension from the middle rod -- so much so the MIDDLE of the edges will touch your wall and be the pressure point rather than the two rubber points on either side . This will put dents in your wall or woodwork . This is nothing like the gate we had for my dog growing up . Do not buy .
 Do n't waste your money on this product . It 's TERRIBLY overpriced and poorly designed.You see , the kit is supposed to fit into walls of varying widths . However , the screws they provide you are only one length
 This is very expensive for what you get . It does not lock into place in any way , and just sort of floats around in the door . Now , less than 6 months later it has started popping apart daily , and is a royal pain to get back together inside the dog door . We plan to remove it and fabricate our own out of something other than plastic snap together pieces .
 This product will fall apart and is not worth the price , however , you must have the long screws to fit the dog door through a wall of a house . You can not find screws that long in that size anywhere , so you are stuck paying for a wall kit where you can only use the screws . Build your own wall kit .
 This collar was extremely tiny . It was made for a newborn kitten and that was not advertised !
 This gate is extra wide to secure large areas like a dining room . The mounts for this gate do not hold the weight of this gate or an 8 month old baby . My son has pushed on the gate and the mount was ripped from the wall leaving an unsafe gap for him to crawl through . I 'm my opinion this gate was poorly designed and could really injure a child . I would not recommend this product .
 returning immediately : + no hardware included in the box + did not work for my space of 41 '' -LRB- product description is confusing b/c in the first paragraph it says 27 '' min , but in the 2nd it says 58 '' ... 58 '' is the correct minimum -RRB- + really crappy quality and feels super flimsy -LRB- agree with other reviews -RRB-
 It came broken , and I could tell by how flimsy it was that I did n't even want to exchange it!Returned it and bought something else .
 Just received this but found out that the Manufacturer description above is incorrect -LRB- lists 28in - 103in -RRB- . Box and further down in the product description list dimensions of 57-103in . Will be attempting return .
 This gate is wobbly -LRB- and unsafe -RRB- when opened wide . The latch is the worst out there ... it 's impossible to open -LRB- esp while holding a baby -RRB- . Truly bad design and horrible hardware .
 The Product Description from the Manufacturer is incorrect . The gate DOES NOT span 28 '' to 103 '' -LRB- the product description under the Manufacturer description IS correct stating that the gate spans from 60 '' to 103 '' -RRB- . Unfortunately the gap we were trying to span is 58 '' -LRB- but we did improvise a solution -RRB- . The wall hooks do seem a bit flimsy but the height is high enough to keep our 17 month old from trying to climb over it but low enough that I , at 5 ' 2 '' , can step over it . It seems a rather imperfect solution for an awkward opening between our hallway and kitchen , but at least it 's not incredibly expensive and it does work . If you have a wide opening and a bit of extra money I 'd go with another option , but this gate is n't terrible for the price .
 This is really just a long fence , not a gate . It attaches to a wall with two eye hooks and one attachment will bend easily . It does n't not function well as a gate . There is not built in gate , it 's just a wall .
 Eyehooks were ripped from the wall on day 1 . This gate is useless . It offers no resistance against a 12lb puppy , let alone a child .
 This gate is wide enough to fit a large door way , and it seemed to have good reviews , so we purchased the gate . Sad to say , I was BEYOND disappointed . This gate is flimsy if stretched too far . Our doorway is 86 '' inches and it does n't cut the mustard when pulled that far . All said , the BIGGEST problem I have with this gate is it is ALL wood is poorly sanded . In addition , it had several areas of wood splintering off . No kidding ... on a baby gate ! What are they thinking ? NOT something I want our 11 mo. old touching . As all parents know , if you put a gate some place , the baby is will go up to it and hang on . This is why we purchase the gates in the first place . The gate is getting returned today . Love my baby too much to let her get splinters in her little fingers . What a terrible gate !!! http://www.amazon.com/review/create-review/ref=cm_cr_dp_wr_but_right?ie=UTF8&nodeID=1055398&asin=B0002JETPQ&store=home-garden
 All I can say is - DO NOT BUY ! This gate is NOT secure and can break in ways that can be dangerous . My 2 year old can work the latch . I bought it to keep my two German Shepherds in the back room of our house , because it is advertised for big dogs . Within 24 hours the hardware on the bottom was bent so badly it did not function , from my dogs merely putting their paws on the top of the gate and pushing on it with their noses to try to move it . We straightened it back out so we could use it again . We did n't use it for almost a month , then put it back up . My SIL 's 35 lb collie mix managed to snap one of the upright dowels in half with his teeth and pulled it out of the gate . My smaller dog got himself stuck at the hips trying to follow the smaller dog through the gate , and the other one got her head stuck in it . I 'm returning it to PetCo . I paid $ 70 for this gate and it 's not worth $ 20 .
 this item is not worth the money !!! it is horrible and not very sturdy !!! it does not work properly and is seriously a waste of time !
 not for ubroke first day support did not have enough for this house . just to flimsey dogs just jumpover
 I purchased this gate to put between my kitchen and living room to try to manage my toddler . I purchased a different gate for the entrance between the hallway and the living room , and I was hoping to save a little bit of money by purchasing this one ... that was a mistake . The gate itself is well crafted , but the hardware leaves a lot to be desired . The `` latches '' included are actually what look like eye hooks that screw in to the wall and whenever you open the gate and attempt to close it back , the hook has turned and you have to screw it back in to close the gate . Additionally the metal `` hinge '' on the bottom of our gate bent . Currently it holds our 8 month old daughter , but I dont think it will for long ... disappointed ...
 This gate is a perfect size for our house . But once installed , two of the clasps broke off the two pieces of the gate . We can not put it together and are using it with two separated pieces . We will have to find something to keep it safe and can be used reliably .
 We bought this gate after moving in to our split level home ... we needed a gate for two sets of steps that was extra wide . I also wanted something that would open at both ends and not have a center walk thru -LRB- like many of the other gates on the market for wide openings -RRB- . It serves it 's purpose in that my almost one year old daugther is safe from the steps but I must admit it is really hard to open and close on the ends . We end up climbing up and over the gate most of the time -LRB- which is probably not safe considering we are climbing down or up stairs in doing so -RRB- . The other issue we had was with the installation . On the one end we have wood trim , which is perfect for this gate ... on the other end is sheet rock , which it did not stay in . We ended up trying to use an achor for the screw - and it still popped out within an couple hours of the install -LRB- too much wear & tear -RRB- ... right now we have a butterfly anchor in the wall but the latch turns in the wall and looks like it , too , is going to seperate from the wall . Our next step is to install a piece of trim to the drywall to install the latches to it . Either that or buy a new gate - which is more likely !
 I read the reviews that this gate was flimsy , but I ignored them in favor of the folks who said they liked the gate . Big mistake ! This gate is so flimsy , it broke IN the box . I love Amazon because so many products are reviewed ; from now on I will trust them more .
 The packaging states that it works for openings from 57 '' inches wide . We tried to install it on a 58 '' doorway . The actual gate end-to-end , with the latches on either side , actually measures 58.5 '' . Add in the size of the bolts you have to drill in your doorway , and it 's just not going to fit in any doorways smaller than 60 '' . And the latch is nearly impossible to open . After a lot of cursing , we 're sending this back and shelling out for the much nicer Dream Baby brand .
 I bought this to block the large entry into the kitchen . It lasted for all of a week before my son was able to rip the brackets from the wall .
 Who ever designed this gate has no clue what to expect from a 1 year old child . This gate is all look and no function . It looks great when you install it but had no strenght to resist a 13 month old child from pushing it in the middle and almost breaking it . If you plan on buying this gate be prepared to do a little bit of drilling and bolting to make it work . I was finally able to use the thing only after I bought four # 8-32 x 13/4 '' long screws with matching washers and nuts and bolted the middle of the gate together . I did this by unscrewing the original connection at the middle of the gate and overlapped the pieces together about 6 '' then drilling two holes about 4 '' apart on the top and bottom rails and bolting together . It works ! But it 's not what someone should have to do after spending thie price for something . Good luck !!!
 I recently purchased this gate , as I needed a gate for a space that is 93 inches wide . I was so happy when I found this , and for the price ! Well , I installed it with no problem at all . But it is not secure . It actually bends forward and backward with barely any pressure and when my daughter leaned against it , the wooden dowels that hold the bars together actually started to break . AWFUL and very unsafe !!! Target.com was very helpful in sending UPS to pick it up .
 I recently purchased this gate for an opening in my home that is 68 inches wide . Within one week of use , the wood splintered apart in the center rendering it completely unusable . I am returning the gate and puchasing the more expensive metal type . This gate is a perfect example of getting what you pay for .
 This gate is super flimsy , and the anchors are a joke . The anchors are 4 eyehooks that screw into the wall ; 2 on each side . The bottom hooks are just hooks , and the top has a tight spring-loaded latch . The trick is to get the bottom and top hooks on at the same time , and when they are separated by 19 '' , it is not so easy . I do not think that this will stand up to a toddler trying to pull up on it , and definitely not to one that may ram it with a walker . All in all , I should have tried to figure out a better way to span the large 74 '' gap that we have versus using this gate ... but since I have already bought it , I am going to continue to use it until it breaks , or the hooks get ripped from the wall .
 THIS WIDE SWING WOOD GATE IS THE MOST USELESS PIECE OF JUNK I HAVE EVER PURCHASED . IT IS NOT EVEN WORTH THE TIME OR MONEY TO RETURN IT . I PURCHASED IT TO KEEP A 6 LB DACHSHUND PUPPY IN AND THE SECOND TIME SHE JUMPED UP ON IT THE WHOLE THING CAME APART AND BROKE . I DEFINITELY WOULD NOT RECOMMEND IT FOR A CHILD OR A PET . I GIVE IT ONE STAR BECAUSE THE REVIEW PAGE WILL NOT LET ME GIVE IT A BIG ZERO ... WHICH IS WHAT IT DESERVES .
 This is a slide gate not a swing gate . I was upset when it arrived . It has no secure way to keep it together and it requires you to own a drill to put in holes . The wood does not appear sturdy and once assembled it would have a gap in the middle and no swinging attachment . Unless you have a very wide doorway this item does not slide in enough for a single person to walk through . In my huge entryway this item would not work . I had to return it for a refund .
 This gate can not be relied upon to keep a child confined to a room . It is not very sturdy , and since it has movable parts in the middle of the gate , my 1 year old thinks it 's really fun to play with . If it is manipulated at all the screws start to loosen and will eventually just fall out .
 I guess this is a case of getting what you pay for . It 's wide enough to cover the hallway area for which it was purchased . However , this thing seems like it 's made of balsa wood , extremely weak stuff.If your kids or dogs are likely to see the gate and stop , then great . If they 're likely to lean up against it or test it in any way , it seems likely to break to me .
 I bought this gate because I have a huge doorway into my living room and this is the only one that would fit and still be able to swing open -LRB- not a metal , leave up gate -RRB- ... . I got it in the mail , opened it up and it was all broken !! EIGHT -LRB- 8 -RRB- spindles were broken at the top . I called the company and they said that if I took it out of the box like that then it was a shipping issues . I told them the box was in PERFECT condition -LRB- because it was -RRB- and the lady said I still had to return it from the place I bought it because it was still a shipping issue ! I will be returning this and NOT buying this gate again !!!!!!!!!!! The thing is EXTREMELY CHEAP and even if it was not broken when I got it I would not trust it !!! HORRIBLE PRODUCT !!!
 Bought this for our door between our living room and kitchen to keep our 1yr old from gettingin there ... it was a great gate for a month Or so but after being used regularly its all wobbly
 The package arrived quickly so that was nice , however when we pulled it out of the box one of the bars was broken . I now have a duct tape holding it together , and its not very sturdy ! would n't recommend this particular gate to anyone !
 The product description on Amazon says that this gate fits openings 28 '' to 103 '' in width , but when it arrived we found that the minimum width is 60 '' . Our opening is 49 '' , so this gate is useless to us . I contacted the manufacturer to tell them about the issue and ask if they had any advice and have been waiting 3 + days for a reply . I 'm returning the gate and never purchasing from this company again .
 When I read that this was a `` swing gate '' , I took that to believe it had a door portion that would swing open . That is not the case . You have to mount this to both sides of the walls then detach one side to `` swing '' the entire gate open . It is not what I was looking for . On top of that , we got it because we have a very wide space in our kitchen that we needed to close off for our 11 week old Pomeranian puppy , but the slots in this gate are too wide and he can actually get through the gate ! So for us , this gate is totally useless . Unfortunately , I discovered this on the 4th day I had it and I did n't realize that Amazon 's free return policy expired 2 days after it is delivered , so we are stuck with this.We ended up purchasing another tension mounted gate with a REAL swing door which will be arriving tomorrow . I hope the slots are n't as wide so it keeps our puppy within it 's confines .
 Hello , I am with The Nutro Company . Thank you for the great review of the Natural Choice Senior Lamb and Rice Chunks with Gravy.I would like to point out that the image of the canned food is of the Natural Choice Senior Chicken and Rice formula . This review is of the Natural Choice Senior Lamb and Rice Chunks with Gravy . This chunks with gravy style has pink on the can and the Natural Choice Senior Chicken and Rice -LRB- image shown -RRB- is featured in silver.This senior formula is not suggested for puppies as the tags indicate . There are a couple of different offerings of wet/canned puppy food - Natural Choice Puppy Chicken , Rice , and Oatmeal , or Natural Choice Lamb and Rice in 12 ounce cans or for large breed puppies -LRB- dogs who will mature to be 50 lbs and over upon maturity -RRB- , there is Lamb and Rice or Chicken and Rice , both are available in chunk style.For further information , please visit TheNutroCompany.com .
 This is animal cruelty ! The water is going toxic in two days , no pump , no air flow , no heat , no nothing . The bigger the tank , the easier to clean and keep steady water values . If you are going to keep fish , be bothered to learn aquatic chemistry . If not , the fish will surely die and you can get a picture in stead .
 Amazon should not even carry this - even the neighborhood strays would n't eat it ! I feed it to the fish in our neighborhood pond . They like it .
 I have five cats and live in a shoebox studio apartment . For many years I only ever purchased clay litter . After getting sick and tired of walking into the most vile stench a cat owner could ever face every time I came home -LRB- which would be cat urine mixed with clay cat litter -RRB- , I switched to Feline Pine . Price ceased to be an issue . I would never again take the cheap way out . With Feline Pine I never once smelled cat urine . Not when they urinated , nor when I cleaned the box out.About a week ago a friend and I saw Cedarific in the supermarket so we decided to give it a try . Also , someone at work said she loved it . Unless you want every inch of your home sprinkled with cedar dust , stay far away from this litter -LRB- the tracking mileage is phenomenal -RRB- . Unless you love the rich scent of cat piss MIXED with cedar to waft in your face every time you change the box , stay far away from this litter . Unless you enjoy knowing your cats are constantly stepping in urine soaked cedar because the litter does n't clump or dry after absorption , stay far away from this litter . Every so often I get a faint whiff of cedar , but only when it 's urinated or defecated on does the scent really come alive , and by that time , you 'll wish you had been born without a nose . Also , the litter life is too short . I have to change the box completely every other day as opposed to once a week.No offense to the company intended . Although it is most definitely better than clay , it is quite inferior to Feline Pine . I will never use this again . For me , Feline Pine is the only way to go . And no , I do not work for the company .
 Although this product is probably effective for its intended purpose , it has a horrible smell.We have two miniature schnauzers and their beards inevitably pick up some of the oil . The smell is so strong that the dogs and the house reek hours after feeding . Immediately after feeding their breath is intolerable.The bottle is dated 4/11 so freshness is not an issue ... glad we did n't buy a larger bottle.We 're now looking for a flaxseed oil product for pets ... same Omega-3 , Omega-6 , DHA and EPA benefits without the stench .
 I do n't know what it is - my two yorkies love fish , but do n't want anything to do with this oil , or any food with this oil on it . Also the oil easily gets on their hair and spreads , leaving a long term fish smell .
 The pump was broken from the main container when I opened it from the box . Thank god I had a old container of the other brand wild grizzly salmon oil so I could which out pumps . This stuff smells and you dont want it to leak . If I dont see a difference in this product versus wild grizzly salmon oil , I will be going back to the grizzly product .
 This product gave my dog terrible diarrhea that took 3 days to clear up . I emailed the company twice asking to take them up on their money back guarantee and received no response whatsoever . Do not buy this product ! It may have helped other dogs but made my dog sick and I was ignored by the company . This is not the type of company that you want to do business with .
 i find this oil to be strong smelling - as opposed to `` iceland pure salmon oil '' which is processed to remove impurities and smell ! so if you do n't like your kitchen to smell like fish after feeding the dogs , try iceland pure salmon oil instead . both oils will improve your dogs coat and general well being , but i do n't care for fish odor .
 The bottle came leaking so much the whole box was just soaked fish oil that made the hall smell for weeks and that I returned for a refund . I 'm not able to review the product by how my dog liked it because of this . But I 'm looking into other brands where the product will get to me in usable condition ...
 I wish my dog would have liked the taste . I tried everything to get him to ingest it . i put it on his food and he refused to eat . then i got a medicine dropper and put it directly into his mouth . He started chocking and tried to get it out . i have a black lab who is 12 years old and i am sure it would have been great . i gave it to my son for his dogs and they would n't eat it either .
 I have a pure bred Rottweiler who LOVES to eat . I seen this on Amazon and although it had no reviews the price was right so I figured I would try this . Never again . My dog wouldnt even swallow this . He had a few kibbles in his mouth which he spit out . I left the food in the bowl for a few days watching him to see if it was the food or possibly the heat -LRB- as to why he was not eating . -RRB- It was the food . I replaced this with another kind he likes and he quickly ate it up . I would not recommend this food at all , not even for the non picky dogs !
 I love how this blanket looks , but it is soooo tiny . It 's literally the size of three hand prints . My westie is only three months and it wo n't cover him fully . Many people who reviewed this product said their dog bite the head off , but my pup has n't . He does n't seem to be interested in the blanket especially after we bought him a bigger and softer blanket . This `` blanket '' should be use to dry dishes . ; -RRB-
 Some dogs may like these treats but my Chocolate Lab wo n't eat them . I am not sure why , but she wo n't touch them . I thought organic would be better for her but I guess she does n't think so !
 It did not work ... at all ! It was listed on their own website as discontinued . Had to return it for refund .
 Unfortunately these pads are not as absorbent as similar pads I 've purchased from another vendor . Urine leaks through the blue plastic liner .
 Does not absorb right away . If not in middle pee runs to edge and off pad . Other pads absorb right away as soon as pee hits pad .
 THESE ARE PADS USED ON ELDERLY PEOPLE WHO HAVE TROUBLE GOING TO THE BATHROOM . THIS COMPANY SHOULD BE HONEST WITH THE PEOPLE CONSIDERING BUYING THEM AND LET THEM KNOW THAT THEY ARE NOT PUPPY PADS . PUPPY PADS HAVE A SPECIAL SCENT ON THEM TO ENCOURAGE THE DOG TO USE IT . DO N'T BE FOOLED !!!! DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY !!!!!
 It would have been nice for the seller to have CLEARLY NOTED that this is the 1mm pellet size , and not the .5 mm size as displayed in the stock product photo.Ended up having to return this since they sent the wrong size .
 I purchased this system -LRB- along with 1 laser module -RRB- for a small 2.5 g aquairum.I set it up quickly and the effect was very nice . However soon after setting it up I had one module die , after returning it I had another one die , and bought a new one only to have it and the exchanged one die . I then contacted the company who was nice enough to send me 2 replacement modules free of charge , but after a few weeks both of thoes died -LRB- this whole time I had one blue module which had been working since the day I installed the system -RRB- . I pretty much gave up at this point and just left the one module in place , which eventually died after a couple more months.I put quite a bit of money into the system , and at this point have the power adaptor and a large collection of dead modules .
 I bought the lighting system and modules for a total of 8 -LRB- 5 original + 3 replacement -RRB- submersible LED lamps -LRB- aka modules -RRB- . I was initially only midly impressed because the lamps illuminated items like plants and rocks that were ONLY within 8 inches.But , with enough lamps , this still added interest for after-hours viewing . Unfortunately , all lamps failed within 3 months of submersed used ... they actually filled with water inside the lamp.I replaced the first 3 that failed thinking that I just got a bad batch . Well , those 3 also failed . Instead of the 25,000 hours of use , I got more like 400 . Big difference ! And , the warranty refused to cover any of the defects . What a waste of $ $ $ . I suspect that the few positive reviews for this product were written during the same week people installed it . They probably did not give the product time to fail.If you insist on buying this product , you might consider donning latex gloves and spreading a film of silicon around the seams of the lamps , or use the lamps emerged rather than submerged.Ultimately , I settled on LED moonlights that are not submersible . Mine cast shimmering shadows on the substrate and look great . In just the last year -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , these moonlights have become more available and more affordable .
 I bought this underwater lighting system with four laser beams and when i installed it one of the beams came defective and did n't lit on ; i did n't matter because they look beautiful underwater ... one week later i noticed that another light went off and two days later the other two shutdown too ; i replaced the beams but they stop working days later . it 's my opinion that this is the worst product you can buy to your aquarium . -LRB- unless you only want to use it for one or two weeks -RRB- .
 My puppy liked this toy . It was not his favorite but he liked it well enough . However , after two weeks , he ripped the fabric portion . He is a big chewer , and this item is sold as something for puppies to chew on , so I expected it last a little longer than it did . I wish the fabric was a little more sturdy .
 I bought this toy for my two Labs thinking that it would be perfect for them to run with and chase and pull . It also looked perfect for my 4 mon-old because she 's teething and the different surfaces of the toy looked perfect to keep her entertained . However , within 5 min my girl had successfully begun ripping the stitching apart , and eventually -LRB- with some help from my other Lab -RRB- had managed to rip the toy in two and begun to try to eat the stuffing that is inside of the cloth covered sections.All that holds this toy together is some very flimsy stitching and is clearly not meant for any dog whose chewing level is above ` light . '
 This toy was an absolute waste of my money . My 20 lb . puppy had this taken apart in a matter of 3 minutes flat . After he took apart two arms he left it and moved onto another toy . I really felt like I wasted my money on this product . However , PetStages did offer to return my money after I returned the chewed up product which I thought was an adequate resolution .
 I have this pet water dispenser and I found it to be a nuisance while out in the park with my dog . In order to use it you have to un-clip the bottom , pull the water bottle out , push it into the top opening and then begin squeezing the water bottle to dispense the water . Also , the water comes out in very small increments . I used it twice and gave up.I found the Gulpy pet water dispenser by New Angle to be far superior to the Handi-Drink version . You just pull up the water bottle and begin squeezing the bottle and your dog is drinking water in seconds . The water comes out much easier than the Handi-Drink and the Gulpy is far more convenient . I have never found the Gulpy pet water dispenser on Amazon but if you Google it you can find other places that sell it . I also just recently found it at my local REI store.I have purchased several Gulpy 's to keep in both cars and to give to friends . In my opinion , this one is far better than the Handi-Drink , if only for ease of use.UPDATE
 Bought a phosphate test kit at at same time as this . Regularly test for ph , nitrite , nitrate , and ammonia , and now phospate . So I am really getting into this stuff . Been keeping fresh water fish for nearly 60 years , and saltwater fish for just a year now . I have had some failures , but I am also a successful aquarist . Love it.The test for calcium is fairly involved . Using the test water , as I recall , you add drops that are supposed to turn the water a color . Then you add other drops that are supposed to be added one drop at a time to make the water turn clear again . The calcium level is determined using a chart which correlates with the number drops added until the solution turns clear.Well , my water does not change color in the first place . I questioned the supplier , thinking perhaps that the kit had been compromised in shipping . It was left in the mailbox for a couple of hours on a cold January day in Buffalo . His reply was that the manufacturer of the product was very reputable , and his only help was to give me an email address to contact them . I did . They did not respond , it is now the last day of february.One possible answer , the calcium level is so high that no additional gtts are needed to turn the water clear , I do n't know the answer at this point . There are coral skeletons , snail shells , live rock and sand in the aquarium.I have a local dealer who will test the water for me . Have not done it yet because it is Buffalo , and you do n't run out just to test water for calcium.As for rating this product , and the dealer ? I am making no judgements here , these are just the facts . Bottom line
 Basicaly what the title says . They say its a large pellet for large fish but id like to see their version of a large fish . Any un-eaten food will get lodged in the gravel and is only removable by gravel vacuum . Even a small ammount un-eaten will make the aquarium start to emit a sickly-pungent odor of garlic and fish water , absolutely depleting any carbon or chemi-pure in your system unless taken care of the same day you notice the smell starting to form . This happened only after 4 days with a very small ammount of food fed per day . My oscar absolutely stopped touching it and spits it out . The only reason why i give this product a 2-star rating is because my red-devil tank loves it . but keep in mind that tank has no gravel for the food to get caught in .
 Floats . Makes feeding very hard have to pre soak in a dish and then dump into tank or it floats through the overflow . It 's a shame .
 This is a single piece of thin cording that uses a small plastic clip/gear to loop and lock the sizing in place . I concede that this harness will fit cats of many sizes and ages -LRB- kitten to full grown -RRB- . There is little doubt in my mind that this would not hold my 12 lb kitty if startled ; thus defeating the purpose of the harness . I will give this to someone with a kitten or small rabbit . : -LCB-
 What a terrible product . I am catsitting and it took incredible amount of coaxing and treats just to put it on . Finally when it was on , tight , and locked . I made sure it was n't tight enough to strangle the cat , but firm enough . The cat finally got used to it indoors with it on for several hours . I brought the cat outside and the cat immediately wanted to run , but was stopped by the leash . It clawed at it , jumped about and the leash CAME OFF ! The cat ran into the night . I thought I would have to tell my friend her cat died , when the cat finally showed up 36hrs later . Not cool cat . Not cool.The leash is basically a braided cord that loops around the neck with a plastic fastener that `` locks '' with plastic teeth that goes into the braided cord . One end loops around the body and has a clip that clips on the fastener . The other end is about 5-6 feet leash .
 I was not satisfied with the product . It 's flimsy and not easy to put on . I am returning it for a refund .
 Any figure 8 harness is dangerous!I was trying one of these on my cat , so she could get used to it before we had to go anywhere using it.She immediately got her back leg caught in the chest strap , while scratching at it and trying to get it off . This tightened the noose around her neck dangerously tight ! The more she struggled to get her leg free , the more she choked herself!Thankfully , I stayed in the room after putting the harness on her , to watch her . I was able to free her within a minute of her entanglement , but she was traumatized by the whole experience and I feel lucky that she was not injured.If you think about it , any harness of this design is a potential strangle noose . No matter how much slack you leave around the cat 's neck , if the chest strap gets caught on anything , the neck strap will tighten .
 I left tippy in my yard for a few minutes ; when I checked on him ; harness tightened around his neck and was chocking him badly , he was freaking out ! badly designed lock ... keep away from this one ! I was lucky i saw him in time !
 I was really excited to get a harness that would allow for latching to the anchors in our van . We bought the harness and used it on a road trip . I was VERY disappointed . Even though the harness was tightened and properly fitted to our dog , any time she moved too much , the harness buckles would end up twisting so that they were on her lower sides and not her back . She could then move enough to slip a leg out . She also managed to somehow loosen the harness several times . On the trip back , we used the harness connected directly to the seatbelt , instead of using the latch . The harness again twisted around her body and loosened slightly , but she was n't able to slip a leg out.I really like that this harness is built of high quality materials , and is seemingly strong enough to actually restrain the dog in the event of a crash -LRB- unlike some other harnesses that look like they 'd break instantly -RRB- . However , having to constantly stop to readjust the harness or tighten it was a big pain , and it was n't doing a very good job of keeping the dog restrained . I think they need to redesign this so that the heaviest part -LRB- the buckles -RRB- is n't on the dog 's back , because the weight of them seems to drag the harness around to the sides of the dog 's body .
 Our dog weighs 23 pounds . The product is warranted for dogs 20 + pounds . This is clearly misleading and I think we would have been better suited with the PetBuckle harness for dogs designed for dogs under 20 pounds . The product is high in quality . We were dissatisfied because the application for our pet was misrepresented . We will donate it to the local animal shelter .
 I got this seat belt for a medium sized dog . The one good thing about it is that the quality looks and feels up to the same standards as a regular car seat belt . The problem is that the buckles are supposed to rest on top of the dogs back when secured and because they are heavy , they slide down the dogs side making the harness loose on one side and tight on the other . I have tried making the belts tighter to the point where it seems uncomfortable for the dog and they still do n't stay in place . Another minor issue is that the tether is also so long that my dog can climb half way to the front seat from the back before it restrains her even when it is adjusted to it 's shortest length . I am looking for a replacement that has a better harness design . ** Update
 I chose this seat belt for my 90lb lab after reading some amazing reviews about it and learning that it 's the first of its kind to be crash tested . The belt itself and the connectors are the same quality as seat belts found in cars . While my dog is very strong , he is a very calm rider in the car . This belt was mainly intended to provide him with the same type of safety I provide myself and the rest of my family when we buckle up.We 've been using this belt for about 2 years , and the entire thing is intact - with the exception of the FLIMSY PLASTIC `` X '' PIECE - where the straps cross over the chest . This piece slid frequently , and is made of thin , flimsy plastic which began ripping about a year ago and finally broke recently . This is really such a shame because this belt is otherwise really great . Why they could n't make this one part out of better material is beyond me.Whatever you decide - please get a belt for your dog !! You just never know what could happen when you 're on the road . Whether your dog is big or small , a seat belt could save your furry pal .
 The clipper cuts quickly and my morkie did n't complain too much , however , I found that he was left with REALLY sharp nails - so sharp that he drew blood when he jumped up on my 6 yr old and drew blood . I had to go and file his nails down after that - not a pleasant task. , for me or the dog.Also , it has a nail guard , supposedly to prevent overclipping , but you ca n't see it when you ; re cutting , so you 're still guestimating . I should have saved my money and dug out my dremel .
 I have been purchasing there products for 2-3 years now . Not always , but sometimes the box contains bugs inside the bones , that make my dog sick . After further examination it seems the bugs come inside hte box . Today I opened a new one only to find it full of bugs to , I threw them all away and probably wont purchase again . I dont urge you to stop buying the product but rather check it thoroughly before giving it to your dog . If it does contain bugs contact the company and tell them where you bought it .
 Last shipment was full of bugs . Not getting any more . Maybe I was just unlucky but there was no excuse for this .
 Based on the reviews , I will not even buy this on-line . Amazon - would do you continue to sell these knowing there is such a problem ?
 I got this for my yorkie-poo puppy at target and my puppy hates them ! Another con is that every time my puppy ate one she threw up ! I will never give these to my puppy again .
 I 've never found a dog biscuit my little Maltese likes so I knew I was taking a chance . Still , I 'm VERY disappointed that there are no returns for the 11 unopened boxes . I would n't try them if you have a finicky dog or a small eater . They are bland . There 's no tasty smell , I mean nothing . The cardboard box smells as appetizing . I realize my dog is hard to please so I wo n't blame it all on MilkBone . He 's not a big eater and has never been a chewer -LRB- never chewed on furniture , shoes etc -RRB- so although he wo n't grab ANY bone , he does enjoy them . Most beef bones are too large but he crunches lamb or pork rib bones up completely . There must be SOME kind of biscuit to keep a small eater 's teeth healthy .
 Maybe I have no business reviewing this product , since I sent it back before using it ... . but I felt others should know what I learned before they order it . The Indoor Dog Potty consists of a tray with a grid that loosely fits inside , under which you are supposed to place newspaper for puppy 's potty . The tray is very flimsy plastic -- a little heavier than a plastic milk carton . The grid is the type you can buy at any hardware store -- they are grids for light fixtures that go into a suspended ceiling . The grid is sharp to the touch -- I felt it might be too uninviting for a puppy 's soft foot pads , and that the puppy would be unlikely to want to walk on it . Also , the grid 's squares are about 1/2 inch deep , and I felt it would be difficult to clean -LSB- ... -RSB- from it . In my opinion , this item was way too expensive for what it was , and I sent it back without trying it . What I ended up doing , which worked pretty well , actually , is to buy some housetraining spray -LRB- and may I mention , one spritz is plenty -RRB- from the pet store and sprayed it on the floor of my walk-in shower . The -LSB- ... -RSB- is easy to pick up with tissue and flush down the toilet , and I keep a broom-handled scrubbrush and disinfectant bathroom cleaner handy for scrubbing down the shower floor before use . I have a showerhead with a hose on it for easy rinsing . Puppies are nearly housetrained , now , but this method made it easy for the pups to take care of business if left alone for more than a couple hours . My last beloved pooch did n't like going outside in the rain , and I wish I had thought of this shower alternative for her . If rain proves to be a deterrent this time around , at least the pups have an alternative to going outside . By the way , I drape a bathrug over the top of the shower door opening to keep the glass door from closing all the way , in case the pups bump it . I 'm not saying the Indoor Dog Potty does n't work ... . I 'm just saying it is cheaply made , and that there may be a better , easier way to accomplish the same task .
 I got this thing , and I must have miscalculated the measurements , because it 's huge ! It 's almost as wide as my hallway ! My puppy has no interest in it , and it 's not very easy to clean the grate , so we just took the grate off . I really wanted this to work , too , because I do n't like the idea of my puppy pooping and peeing on papers that leak onto my floor , but she seems to like that idea a lot more than using this thing .
 I researched this product and thought it would be the right product for my dog . Could be the move from a house to an apartment is a bit much . Maybe he would adjust to it soon .
 When I purchased this cage I thought I had found a great cage for our 5 ferrets . It 's very large and all 5 fit in there comfortably . The problem started when our youngest , smallest ferret almost immediately managed to sneak through the bars of the cage . Prevue says the bar spacing is 1 '' but it 's actually a bit more than that . Within 2 months of purchasing this cage , 3 of our 5 ferrets could get out of it either through climbing through the bars or pushing on the door so that with enough pressure , there is enough give in the metal to sneak out . A letter to Prevue asking them about the cage proved they do n't stand behind their product - the claimed they used an `` industry standard '' of 1 '' bar spacing and that my ferrets `` would get out of any cage '' . Prevue advertises this model as a ferret/cat cage . If you are looking for a ferret cage , look to Superpet or Ferret Nation for a ferret cage and leave Prevue-Hendryx to modify their cages and their customer support .
 This product is a joke compared to the Furminator . I was fooling around with it for 6 months and had enough - got the Furminator and I removed probably 30 times as much hair in 5 minutes .
 THIS IS NOT A 100 GALLON TANK , EVEN THOUGH WHEN YOU DO A SEARCH FOR 100 GALLON THIS IS THE FIRST ONE THAT POPS UP , SO THAT IS A BIT ... ODD ? OR SUSPICIOUS IT DOES NOT SEEM CORRECT AT ALL WHEN YOU LOOK FOR SOMETHING AND IT SHOWS AND THEN YOU ORDER IT AND REALIZE THAT ITS NOT AS DESCRIBED , IF ONE KNOWS SOMETHIN ABOUT TANKS THEN YOU WOULD SEE THE DIMENSION MEASUREMENT IN INCHES COULD NOT BE A 100 GALLON , BUT IF NOT YOU WOULD HOPE THAT A SELLER WOULD HAVE YOUR BEST INTENTIONS IN MIND TO KEEP FROM COMING BACK FOR MORE , BUT AS i READ THE OTHER REVIEWS FROM PEOPLE THE VERY SECOND ONE STATES THAT IT WAS SMALLER THAN HE THOUGHT , SO ASK YOURSELF THIS BEFORE BUYING , WOULDN ; T ONE THINK THAT AFTER GETTING A POOR REVIEW BECAUSE OF HOW IT SHOWS UP IN SEARCHES OR AT THE VERY LEAST SAY IT IS NOT ON THE PAGE ? THIS SELLER DID NOT , SO THAT IS WHY I WILL NOT BUY THIS FISH TANK , THOUGH I ALMOST DID ...
 This entire purchase was a fiasco . The item has still not been received more than a month after purchase . The address provided to the supplier from Amazon was not the address I put into the order . Amazon was not able to help because the item was to be provided by a 3rd party supplier . Said supplier would not replace the item until I figured out how to have it returned to them from an incorrect location . UPS tracking indicates that the item has been returned to the supplier , but the replacement item is still not here . Amazon was asked to implement their total guarantee . I have received emessages that the credit has been made . In the future , I will hesitate to by things that are to be shipped by 3rd parties .
 Mine hate this thing . they struggle with it and it tightens like a noose ! Very difficult to loosen on a panicked ferret . Too loose and they houdini right out of it . All 3 of mine had problems with it .
 I purchased this brush based on the reviews . Unfortunately , I did not find that it did a good job of removing hair even if I brushed against the hair growth first , then with the hair growth . My kitten is a short haired tabby , but it does very little in gathering hair . I found the fine wire brush did a better job , though I will say she enjoys this brush better -- sort of like a massage .
 One of our -LRB- many cats -RRB- has difficult to comb fur ; his fur is too short to use a bristle brush , too silky to use a comb or pin brush -LRB- slips right through -RRB- . Thought a curry brush would be the answer because a curry brush for our short haired , no undercoat dog , worked so well . Alas , it does not work at all . The pins are too close which seems to work against picking up the hair . And it 's nearly impossible to clean the hair out if you do manage to pick up some hair . And kitty HATED the rubber brush , but that of course is just my psycho cat .
 Product title does not match description . Who knows what you will get . I would n't take the risk of ordering this one .
 My dog LOVED this toy . It was easy to squeak , and she loved that the legs stuck out like little party favors . However , within 2 hours , she ripped off 3 of the 6 legs . I ca n't buy these Premier Latex toys . They just do n't last . : -LRB-
 My Yorkie is terrified of this toy ... even when it is n't squeeking ! It has a very rubbery smell too , which may be part of the turn off . She usually loves noisy toys and this is the first toy that she truly has n't liked .
 Very cute toy ... but we have a 60lb . 9 month old puppy who ate the tongue and tail with great relish ... so guess this is best suited for an older dog or one who is not so into chewing !!!
 MY PUPPY 18 MONTHS BYTE THE LEGS OF THE TOY AND CUT AND BROKEN TO EASY THE SOUND STILL BUT NO MORE LEGS IN 5 MINUTES
 My dog is usually very good with latex toys , but the tail of the fish separated from the body quickly from her shaking her head with the toy in her mouth within 15 minutes . She had one of these a couple of years ago and it lasted well over a year .
 This lasted 2 minutes , it 's misleading because I thought it 'd be bigger than it actually was so I was highly disappointed !
 The holes where the seeds are to come out are far too small ! Bad investment . I thought the design of the feeder was workable but could n't judge how small the holes were .
 I was disappointed with this cushion and will definitely return it . It 's possible that I got a defective one , but it barely heats up -- I 'd say it warms only by one to two degrees -- not nearly what I expected nor what a product that calls itself `` self-warming '' should deliver .
 My cats hate the noise this makes when they step on it . I 've tried it in various spots but they take a step onto it and it makes a crinkling noise and they go elsewhere.It 's soft enough , and looks fine ... for a cat that does n't mind the noise maybe it 's good .
 I was really disappointed with the cushion . My cat wo n't sit on it because of the crinkling noise it makes when she steps on it -- catnip did n't even work . And it did n't seem to warm up very much when I used it .
 My cat does not like this mat at all because it crinkles -LRB- makes noise -RRB- when she steps on it . Unfortunately , this noise scares her away . And believe me this noise is pretty noticeable even for me . I do not think that it was a smart idea to put such a fabric inside . Overall , the pad looks nice but that noise ... Have not decided what to do with the product and regret I did not read all reviews carefully .
 this may be a great item , but my cat runs away at the crackling sound and has not deigned to sit on it . i will return it or pass it on to a friend with a dog . it is a very attractive pad , and could be of use to a human . i bought it for my cat , though , that 's why only 2 stars .
 I was hoping this product would at least heat up a little because I have one cat that always seem to be cold . Although she did lie on it a couple of times , I would notice that it would not get warm . I would touch the cushion as soon as my cat would get up and I did not notice a difference in heat from this product compared to a standard blanket . Also , my cat was scared to get on it in the first place because of the crunchy sound it would make . Overall I say you are better off just buying some warm blankets for kitty .
 Do n't waste your time and effort . Retailer does n't have their act together for Amazon partnership . They promised me an order by December 12 . 4 days and $ 13 in shipping fees later , I have no thermal cat quilt to give as gift at tomorrow 's party . Do n't let this happen to you .
 When I saw these self-warming thermal cat cushions , I was so excited . We have two outdoor cats and I thought this would be so neat to keep them warm in the winter . I ordered two . My cats were terrified of them because of the crinkling like noise they made every time one of the cats tried to approach them . We could not believe that anyone that knows anything about cats would not realize that cats or other animals would not fear a strange noise . We wanted them to work so badly but the cats would walk way around them to avoid them . We put one of the cats directly on the cushion hoping to persuade him . He fleed in terror . We just packaged it back up and sent it back . If you buy one of these self-warming cat cushions , please be aware that it is quite noisy !
 I ordered this item for my 31/2 pound Yorkie . Upon receipt , the balls were bigger than his whole head ! The information I read stated nothing about size so I knew it was a gamble when I purchased but please know ... these are normal sized tennis balls ! I never used the product , but returned it via Amazon which is hassle free but had to pay the return shipping : - /
 The backpack slants at an odd angle forcing all four of my dogs feet together . We tried it on once , adjusting straps . Opted to return it only to be dinied full refund . Was told I failed to return PLASTIC bag it came in as well as the platform for the bottom of the bag . I did return ENTIRE product , have no use for a plastic bag nor a small piece of cardboard covered with lambswool . Avoid dealing with this company if you ever think you may have to return an item.Had to email them twice to ask why it had not shipped . The backpack itself would only be workable with a very small dog , mine is a 8lb malteese and was not comfy in it.The look of backpack is not bag but function is not what we thought it would be and customer service is the worst I have ever seen . I would give it ZERO stars
 I bought this bag because of all the great reviews . Now i think those reviewers must work for the manufacturer . My 9 lb min pin/chiwauwa had surgery so this is how i take her on a walk until she recovers.This bag is cheep n crappy . The straps are narrow and uncomforable . After more than 30 minutes of walking i feel them cutting a groove in my flesh . The bag comes with two plastic cardboard strips to keep the inside area open so the dog does n't get squished . One strip cracked and broke the first time I tried to snap it in . The second strap broke the first time I actually used the bag.The reason I 'm not giving this bag one star is that my dog does like walking with me this way . I think I 'm going to put a blanket in it so that it supports her feet better now that the support strips are broken.Don ' t expect the floor of the bag to stay parallel to the ground -LRB- a 90 degree angle to your back -RRB- . The floor of the bag witch supports your dogs legs sags down so it becomes more of a stiff wall . If i could do it over I would definitely see if there 's anything else out there that is better quality even if it costs more ... i need to shop for some items in stores , i think this is one of them .
 This product it is not correctly configured . You will need to make a few adjustments to make the top to actually fit .
 After my one cat has these , I find him staring off into space , wheezing , with drool hanging from his mouth , he is barely responsive , and does not acknowledge me unless I try to move him . I then will find the vomited , mostly whole , Whiskas Temptations somewhere around the house . It takes him many hours to come out of this , but he slowly does . This was the 3rd time this happened , and I finally figured out what was causing it , I thought he was having a seizure ! Very scary ! Our other cat has no problem with this treat , but guess we will be going back to our old , more expensive brand .
 I do not often write reviews for products but this one demands comment.One other reviewer said that it worked perfectly . No blackbirds , bluejays , or squirrels could get the seeds . That is very true . It is also very true that most other birds just do not seem to be smart enough to get up under that clear dome and feed!Our place is out in the woods in Maine and we had tons of pretty yellow wild canaries , nuthatches , chicadees , sparrows , even occasional titmouses and cardinals . As soon as I put this Fortress Feeder up we dropped to almost no birds visiting the feeder!The few birds , mostly sparrows , that did figure it out seemed to have a serious problem landing on those perches . The design does not allow them to lean forward upon landing and they seem to have trouble keeping their balance.I waited a week to see if the birds would learn , but nothing changed . The birds just did not visit.I bought a $ 9.95 carrosel style hanging feeder and replaced the Fortress . In less than an hour the birds were back . By that evening they were ringing that new feeder until dark.The idea for this feeder is good and it certainly looks great , but it just does not work for us .
 This bird feeder looked liked the solution to our problem with the squirrels , unfortunatley it is also the solution to the birds we have had the feeder up for a month , and the birds can not figure out how to enter it , they stand on it , sit on the pole it is hanging on , but can not get into it . Very disappointed , but it does keep the squirels off .
 I bought this feeder as a replacement for another feeder . I believe it would indeed deter squirrels but , as some other reviewers have said , birds may not be able to figure out how to get the to the seed . I 've only had mine up a week but I plan to get something else as I 'm afraid the birds will go elsewhere . Also , I did n't realize that birds like cardinals would be too large to use this feeder .
 It kept the squirrels away as promised but also the birds . They could see the seed but did n't know that they would have to duck under the plastic bell to get to the ports . In 3 days I saw only one sparrow figure it out . Very disappointing !
 The design of this feeder is nothing short of ridiculous . The clear plastic baffle portion that flows away from the feeder to keep the squirrels off does n't stay in place . There 's no solid clipping mechanism to hold it as pictured . It just flops down and , as if that is n't bad enough , it rests on the perches so the weight of it closes the seed openings . I returned it the day I received it without even putting seed in it ! That 's how glaring the problem was .
 this Perky pet squirrel proof feeder , I suppose did stop them getting at the food while it was hanging . but I watched them jump up and down on it until the feeder fell apart , falling to the ground . I had to glue it together and then they did it again . The top does not stay clipped on . I saw no birds on it at all , all I did was attract squirrels ... I now have all the squirrels in my neighborhood in my garden . waste of money . . sorry !!
 I had to get this twice . Both times the plastic shaft was cracked.The birds never seem to find the seeds until I removed the shelter part . The squirrel proof worked fine - squirrels did n't seem to get to the seeds . I tried for inexpensive and that is what I got .
 Feeder hung for 2 weeks , NO Birds !! One squirrel knocked it off the tree , broke the feeder , and down the tubes with this purchase . THANKS !! DO NOT BOTHER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000GGQ8DQ/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 I have other products by the same manufacturer and thought this would be great . The attachment to hold the `` catch-bag '' on does n't stay in place . The bag falls off everytime I try to use it . Junk !
 I bought a poop hound and the implement was great . Unfortunately I lost the little bag holder and was unable to get a replacement from the store I purchased it at or the manufacturer . I tried emailing them , calling them and writing them , I never heard anything back at all . So much for their life time replacement policy . I would n't recommend buying an item that the manufacturer does n't have the courtesy to respond to the customer to try an resolve a problem.Don ' t know if this review prompted them , but they finally sent me the part I lost . Again , the implement is great I was just not satisfied with their service .
 This product works the way it 's described ; however , if the bag gets too heavy , which is very quickly , it falls off , and usually into another pile of poop . Also . the edges of the bag that are turned around the bag holder get smeared with poop , so you ca n't really avoid getting poop on your hands if you try to tie the bag shut .
 Am I allowed to return this thing with poop all over it ? For one thing , you have to handle the scooping area to put a new bag on it which , as you can imagine , gets covered in poop . Also , if you have a large dog as I do , the poop is heavy enough to pull off the piece on the back that keeps the bag attached . So on my very first use I had dog doo on my hands . I was not happy . It went straight into the trash . What a waste of money !
 this product is the worst ever . it is extremely difficult to have a clean pickup . It is the worst and most expensive product for poop scooping i ever bought . i would never recommend it .
 I have had my HDP5-4 Pooper Scooper for about a month and must admit I purchased it due to the many positive reviews here . However I have found it less than effective . I have two Labs and therefore , considerable poop . When cleaning the back yard , I can only scoop about 4 piles into the bag and the bags pop off . It does n't seem to hold the weight . Also , if the grass gets a little longish , I find it difficult to scoop the poop into the bag . The rake part does n't seem to separate the poop from the grass very well . The first couple of scoops go fine , then I end up with the old two-piece shovel and scraper thing I have been using . Maybe there 's a technique I have n't figured out yet , but I tilt it forward as suggested , and it certainly does n't `` fly '' into the bag as other people have described . I think I will go back to the simple two-piece scooper set I originally had .
 If the quality would actually hold up then I would 've given it 5 stars but after only a few uses the pin in the handle broke rendering it completely useless . I contacted the seller to see if they sold replacement parts but they do not and I would have to buy a whole new product . How can they not carry and sell extra pins ??? This has to happen from time to time and who wants to buy a whole new thing . We tried a few different things to get it to work right again but nothing would help so I ended up throwing it away . Now I have a ton of bags and no scooper .
 The first time I used this product the scooper part that held the bag in place fell apart . I tried again with the same result . I threw it in the garbage the next day , it was useless . The scooper part is flimsy and wo n't hold any reasonable amount of poop . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 I purchased this for my father , who is in his 80 's . He has trouble bending over to pick up the dog poop . However , the handle is too difficult/hard for him to operate . You might want to consider this before purchasing .
 This product seemed like such a great idea but it fell far short of my expectations . It hung up all the time , there was still litter all over the floor around it - especailly where the trays go and the trays are hard to get out without getting cat waste on ones hands . It 's still a great concept but needs to be completely re-engineered . Finally , after a couple months the motor died and now I 'm back to scooping my own litter . I do not reccomend this product at all .
 Not worth the money when a bit of baking soda or cat box deodorizer in the catch box works just as well . The barbeque briquette is a clever and cheap idea BUT If you decide to use a charcoal briquette , DO N'T USE SELF LIGHTING TYPES - THEY CONTAIN A FLAMMABLE ADDITIVE .
 These filters have no discernable impact on odor . It is far better -LRB- and cost effective -RRB- to simply apply baking soda or some other odor absorbent to the litter box and the litter tray .
 I 've only used these when they were included with the purchase of a new LitterMaid litter box . They seem to have only a slight impact on odor levels .
 This product was a waste of money and I would n't recommend it . They fall right into the liter after they are first attached . Would not purchase again .
 The adhesive pad on the back pretty much suck ! They fall off soon after you attach it to the inside lid of the litter catcher .
 You do n't need these . Just sprinkle some Baking Soda in you box and receptacle and it will do . The self cleaning box is a joke do n't buy it .
 I believe it works , but I ca n't tell if it is really working . I have two cats using the same litterbox . I clean it twice a week . When it stinks , it stinks no matter what .
 They immediately fall into the receptacle and do not control the odor at all , even if left in the receptacle .
 It is not as sharp as I would hope . My dog is only 15 lbs . I am having a little trouble to cut his nails with this .
 my dog hates having his nails cut , thought this would be good but it splinter the nail and makes the experience for the pup awful .
 I am not very pleased with this product . I could n't understand why my cat kept getting sick . Now I know why after searching online and reading other reviews . Other cats have been getting sick on these too ! My cat really loved the Greenies , but they certainly did n't love him back . I will never purchase this again and I have found Whisker Lickins in the grocery store that my finicky feline has decided are worth his effort :o-RRB- I wish I could give this a positive review , but I ca n't ...
 I cancelled the order b/c it was too arrive 5 days later than what was promised when I ordered . I called to have my credit card refunded , the first person said no problem we will cancel the order and refund your money . I waited for 10 days and nothing happened , I called back and at this point they refused to refund my money and then blamed the whole mistake on me ... the customer . They are disorganized and advertise that their products will go out immediately , which is not the case . I order off of Amazon all the time and this is the only bad experience that I have had with anyone . I would not recommend ordering from this company .
 I 've opened 4 of the 8 packages of Greenies , one was rancid . My cat started vomiting after eating the Salmon Greenies . I compared them with another package only to find that they had yellow-orange spots instead of being entirely green . I smelled them and they smelled different too . Normally Greenies are great treats for my cats but rancid products are not acceptable . EntirelyPets and other suppliers have to be aware of the age of the product they are selling according to when they buy it fromGreenies . I could not find an expiration date on the packages . Greenies is manufactured by S&M ; Nutec and they should be providing expiration dates .
 Thanks to another reviewer , I learned today that Greenies contain a synthetic , controversial ingredient , menadione sodium bisulfite -LRB- MSB -RRB- , that is highly questionable and considered by many experts to be toxic . I will no longer take that chance with my pet just because the FDA has n't gotten around to banning it . Based upon the information I have read about it , the only apparent reason to add MSB to pet food is to claim it as a nutritious ingredient , namely , the k-vitamins that come from green plants . In other words , the basis of `` Greenies '' is a cheap synthetic version of the real thing . That must be why the ingredient label describes the stuff as `` source of vitamin k activity . `` Furthermore , although my 3 year-old cat has been eating between 6-12 Greenies every day , he is currently in need of advanced dental work . I see no evidence that these so-called dental treats are effective and they may very well be harmful .
 We received a free sample of Feline Greenies in the mail today from PETCO . Our 13 indoor cats gobbled the entire 1-oz . package in less than 10 minutes . Even our finicky eaters loved them . We are very careful pet owners , double-checking every ingredient in anything that they eat -LRB- in the same way that we watch our own food -RRB- . Unfortunately , I fed first and checked later -LRB- something that I have NEVER done before and will never do again -RRB- ! Imagine my dismay when I found menadione sodium bisulfite in this product . This toxic , unapproved ingredient has no business in our pet food . Its use is prohibited in many European countries , and our own FDA wo n't approve it.We have requested that PETCO discontinue the sale of this product immediately , until the manufacturer removes this poison.If you love your cats , you will not feed this product to them . Just do a web search for `` menadione sodium bisulfite -LRB- MSB -RRB- '' . You 'll be a better cat owner , that 's for sure ...
 my cat , Rosie , was having loose stools , diarreah , etc on and off . I finally found the best cat food for her and thought we were done with her intestinal bouts . I had not given her Greenies for a few months and never thought that 4 to 5 of those little treats could cause a problem ... I was wrong.She has only been back on Greenies for a week and once again , diarreah ... and she is a long haired Ragdoll , so imagine the mess !! I 'm taking her to the vet today to rule out anything else , but I 've got this gut feeling that Greenies and Rosie do not agree with each other.My male cat has no problem with them . So , I 'm not saying Greenies are bad for every cat , but maybe some cats are too sensitive to their ingredients ... anyway , always , always look at your pet 's food when their health declines in anyway ... its the single most important thing we do for them everyday.oh ... and as far as tartar and dry food/treats keeping their teeth healthy ... that 's bunk ! that would be the equivalent of saying that if humans eat pretzels , their teeth will stay clean ... it does not work that way with US or our pets . You must brush their teeth , or take them to the vet for that .
 PLEASE , please do not feed these treats to your dogs/cats . The company has not publicized the risk of blockage and choking , and 13 dogs have died as a result of ingesting Greenies . Try googling `` Greenies '' and `` blockage '' or `` death . '' This product is not safe for dogs.I was sent a free sample of the `` reformulated '' Greenie in the mail . The package claims the treat is `` easier to digest '' , so I gave the treat to my dog , a 100 pound weimaraner . I watched my dog chew the treat , and he chewed it appropriately , taking his time to chew the pieces into small , digestible chunks.The next day , my dog refused to eat or drink anything and vomited at least three times . He acted listless and lethargic all day , so that evening we called our vet . We told the vet that the last thing our dog ate was a Greenie . The vet informed us that Greenies are known to cause intestinal blockage in some cases . He suggested that we take him to the emergency vet clinic for advanced treatment.We took him to the emergency clinic for x-rays and diagnosis . The vet treated him with an anti-vomiting medication and told us to return if he continued to vomit . The cost of this visit was approximately $ 400 . The next day , we woke up to find our dog covered in bloody soft stool . He has had three bouts of diarreha in two hours , all of it soft and bloody . We called our vet and he told us that the dog was experiencing severe intestinal distress , which was causing the bloody stool . He suggested we give him water and return to the clinic in the early a.m.Thankfully , our dog passed the Greenie through his body . Had he not passed the Greenie , he would have required exploratory surgery , which my vet estimates will cost approximately $ 3,000 , depending on the nature of the blockage.The representation that the new , reformulated Greenie is `` easier to digest '' is patently false . Our dog properly chewed the Greenie , but yet the treat was still insoluble and indigestible . His ingestion of the Greenie caused serious health issues . These things are n't safe -- please do n't support this company or put your dog 's health at risk .
 Got these for my for my cat . Was about to give it to him when I checked the ingredient list . Glad I looked first . I see from the label that menadione sodium bisulfite is in these things . That stuff is really bad.I threw the ones I got away .
 This product turned my pond milky and created pockets of bubbles on the surface . It took many days to clear . The manufacturer did return my call regarding the failure of this product but they said it was due to my particular water conditions . NOWHERE on their own website , nor on their Amazon description , was there ANY warning about a specific , necessary water chemistry for this product to perform as advertised . While the maufacturer 's rep answered my questions he did not show any concern or care about the situation . Even after I explained to him that I had used their enzyme products for nine years.I rely heavily on the reviews here and hope to help others avoid wasting their money . The maufacturer refused to refund the price of the product to me .
 I have two cats , and was recommended this product as an addition to Frontline topical . After mixing the liquid into food and feeding it to both cats , shortly thereafter , one of them lost the use of his hind legs . It was one of the scariest moments of my life , and I rushed him to the emergency vet . Fortunately , by the time I got him in to see the doctor , he was fine . The next day , I spoke with his regular doctor and was told to watch for seizures , as the incident may have been coincidental , yet it 's been almost a year and he 's had no other problems .
 This product might as well have been labelled a whistle . There were no adjustments possible that resulted in the whistle NOT making human-audible sound , so testing it to match a canine 's higher-frequency hearing was impossible . At least it was also inexpensive .
 This product is not well made . I 've been using the pet trolley for less than a month . The latch wo n't fully oprn any more . It sometimes wo n't even open up enough to hook it to the dog collar ; I 've had to take the dog collar off the dog in order to get the dog off the tie out . It also appears to be rusting some - even though we 're in a drought and have n't had any rain .
 This product is not well made . I 've been using the pet trolley for less than a month . The latch wo n't fully oprn any more . It sometimes wo n't even open up enough to hook it to the dog collar ; I 've had to take the dog collar off the dog in order to get the dog off the tie out . It also appears to be rusting some - even though we 're in a drought and have n't had any rain .
 What attracted me to this bird feeder was the design as well as the fact that it is all metal and easy to clean . However , I was very disappointed with it because it has been up for two weeks in my yard with black sunflower seeds and none of the birds have gone near it . They are sparrows and other city birds and they are all around except on this bird feeder . I also realized now that the only way for the birds to get to the seeds is through the mesh and I do n't know if that is a problem for them to feed through the mesh . The other bird feeders I 've seen open up when birds land on the perch and they can easily get to the seeds . I would like to return this bird feeder to Amazon and get a different one .
 I bought this feeder because I have several cardinals who eat at my other feeders . The cardinals do not seem to like this feeder . They seldom eat from it . they usually eat at my tube feeders . On the other hand , the neighborhood squirrels do eat from it and my wife and I love to watch them hanging off it as they get the seed out .
 Those little furry grey birds , the ones with the bushy tails , will hang up side down on this feeder and work every sunflower out of the mesh liner in less than a day.It takes about a week to figure this out.So the first week it works fine until the mesh wire lossens up .
 I purchased this feeder and the similar red cardinal feeder for my husband 's birthday in June . The birds love both ! My disappointment with this one is that the top rusted before the end of summer . No rust on the red cardinal feeder . And , for some reason , the bronze feeder is the one that the squirrel visits .
 You have to put such a large amount of this product with the dog food that it makes the meal extremely dry and the dog does n't want to eat it . Because I restrict her water for 1 hour after she had eaten to elemanate the problem of BLOAT large dogs can have we usually have to add a little milk to get her to finish her food . She eats on a schedule of 5:00 in the morning and evening that it is obvious that she wants to eat it but just can not get it down . I tried this product to save money because the stuff I was using previously was so expensive . However I think I am going back to the old stuff because this product is putting pounds on her she does n't need and also teaching her to expect milk added to her food at mealtime . Not a good thing . I am not satisfied with this product for large dogs.Shirley Whisman , Wichita Ks
 I bought this decoration for my Beta fish . One day I found him stuck in a hole , his scales torn to shreds by the sharp edges . He died a few minutes later . Please look for decorations that are not sharp . Just because it is for aquariums does not mean it is safe for your fish .
 HiMy dog had a violent allergic reaction to the tiniest amount of this stuff ! beware !
 The pump came very fast and was easy to assemble . I have used a uv in the past with great success but this light has done nothing to clear my pond . I followed directions -LRB- pump size etc -RRB- but it has made no noticable improvement . I would not recommend this light .
 UMM ... where is the size !?! this is extremely aggravating to me that there is no size gallon wise or even dimensions ! Not only for just this tank but every single freaking tank or even product from stupid petco !
 I wish I had read the online reviews here before purchasing this at PetSmart.Our pet mice are now dead , thanks to this gas chamber.The Down Under Dingo Home should not be sold as a stand-alone cage . Do n't buy it unless you are connecting it with open access to another well-ventilated cage .
 I got a Robo Hamster and this cage last Friday.Initially , we were happy about this cage.But this water bottle did n't work ! So , my hamster got dehydrated and died on Monday ... This company specializes hamsters and small animals -- they should know better!I do n't know how many hamsters has / will be suffered this kind of cage ... but from my experience , use glass aquarium and high quality water bottle ! Do n't buy this cage ! It 'll kill your hamster !
 After using this product , right away I noticed a reaction with my Goldfish . I have -LRB- had -RRB- two and the one was affected more then the other . Did a water change and they seemed better . A few weeks later I used it again and then I lost the one fish . For the last few days , even after 2 partial water changes my lone goldfish is VERY stressed and going crazy . Today I 'm doing another 2/3 water change and hoping for the best ... Google `` Algaefix and goldfish '' and read some of the reviews you find there . Some folks think this product should be banned , and I agree wholeheartedly !
 I have had a number of severe green algae blooms -LRB- outbreaks -RRB- in my 30 gal tank . This product did not help at all .
 I bought these for my wife hoping they would change her . Unfortunately she 's still the same old bitch I married . Did n't work , I do n't suggest buying them .
 My pregnant shih tzu wo n't touch these . I have tried smashing them up in her food and she wont ' t eat her food ... need to do SOMETHING with the formula , they are too big to shove down her throat !
 I ordered Prozyme for my Greyhound because I read on various veterinary websites that this product would help with gas as well as prevent my dog from eating her stool . I received the product and used as directed and my dog wound touch her food when this product was on it so I feel it was a waste of money .
 I purchased this item when I ran out of Enzyme Miracle for my dog . It had great reviews and was much more reasonable . Well , its not very reasonable if you ca n't use it . I ended up having to purchase more Enzyme Miracle and trashing this , which also put me in a bind because I had to wait for the second order without anything.I used the Enzyme Miracle for about six months now and never had an issue with my dogs getting sick even while switching them to a raw diet.Enzyme Miracle is expensive , but apparently worth every penny because when I switched to this product , my dog immediately started vomiting up every meal . I scrapped the small amount of the EM I had left out last night and no vomit.Apparently , he does not like the taste , or everything the Prozyme is lacking compared to the EM is exactly what he needed.I would n't purchase this if you are looking for a replacement product . Its apparently not a comparable quality .
 Product arrived after due date - I had to go out and buy another bottle from somewhere else because I could n't wait . Very disappointed .
 This `` trianing tool '' does not keep a dog honest . If your dog keeps walking ahead of you or misbehaving overall , then it 's something YOU 're doing ... a collar is n't going to fix it . I used one of these on my Doberman and all it did was fill him with anxiety , it took him a year and a half to forgive me . Talk about going down the wrong path . Nothing but positive reinforcement now !!!
 These collars and choke collars are inappropriate for dog training . In fact , many times dogs will end up head shy and anxious after wearing these . Purchase a Gentle Leader or Snoot Loop and have a veterinarian help you fit it correctly -LRB- many people use them improperly -RRB- . Please do n't buy into the dominance ways of Milan and such .
 Please do not purchase this item ! Can you imagine having to wear one of these ? If you love your dog , I 'm sure the thought just breaks your heart . Amazon
 The squirrel baffle has a split that is supposed to allow it to be wrapped around the 4x4 post , but it is very difficult to get it onto the post . When I did get it around the post , one of the four mounting tabs broke off when I was tightening the mounting screws . There was very little weld holding the tab , it looks like it was mostly held in place by paint . I do not recommend this squirrel baffle .
 This works for squirrels but not raccoons . The first night after installing this a raccoon raided my feeder . I have submiited a return with Amazon and will look for something that works on raccoons .
 It worked fine until the spot welds rusted and broke free . After that is was n't worth anything . The steel used for the mounting brackets was so hard a standard drill bit would not drill through it , so I was unable to fix it . It went in the garbage ... such a waste !
 Squirrels still get into the feeder , especially if there is a tree nearby where they can jump .
 I threw out the Natural Balance dog food I had on hand -LRB- both the vegetarian and bison/sweet potato formulas -RRB- and wo n't be buying any more after reading complaints on ConsumerAffairs.com website regarding pets that died after eating tainted Natural Balance . A very disturbing aspect is that the company did not recall any of their pet food or even admit the problem even though they were notified multiple pets died or became very ill -LRB- with similar symptoms -RRB- quite suddenly and soon after eating the product . No more Natural Balance for my dog .
 I ordered this item for my 22 lb . cocker . When I recieved it , the directions said that it was for a 50-70 lb . dog . The company did send the correct dosage , but the ad stayed the same .
 Dogs are omnivores , meaning they can survive on a vegetarian diet , but by no means will they thrive without the inclusion of animal proteins . If you are genuinely concerned about the moral implications of a dog 's diet and choose to feed this to your dogs , I would STRONGLY suggest supplementing this food with free range eggs , sustainably harvested sardines , or some other source of animal protein that you deem morally acceptable.I have vegetarian friends who feed their dogs this and other formulas , and when compared to my lab , who is fed a high - protein , grain - free dog food , they almost look abused . Literally , they are all very slim and their fur is coarse and patchy , as opposed to my dog , who is muscular , with fur is as soft as cotton , and as happy as can be.If you want an all - inclusive dog food that will handle your dog 's nutritional needs , this is not the dog food for you . That said , if your morals wo n't allow you to use a dog food with named meat products as the top ingredients -LRB- and there are organic varieties -RRB- , then this may be a good option for you . Please , just remember to supplement with some form of animal protein every time you feed .
 The product is great and I use it daily for all my dogs . Buy it , but not from KV Pet supplies . I ordered with them and they never sent the item . Repeated emails were not returned . It was only when I filed a dispute with Amazon that the item finally showed up ... a month and a half after the order was placed .
 I bought hardware cloth which is metal screening with 1/4 inch square holes . I removed the screen that came with the feeder and replaced it with the hardware cloth . It works great now .
 I did n't care for these bags . The bags themselves are small . I have medium sized dogs . If you have a big dog with a lot to give
 Our dog wo n't eat them - the only way we can get them in him is to break them up and mix thoroughly with meat ... then he avoids .
 I have two dogs one is Cockapoo another is Shiba Inu . Those peals gave both my dogs terrible diarrhea . I would not recommend it .
 only problem is my hound hates them and they are too big to feed like a pill , very disappointed in this product
 I ordered Canine Plus for my greyhound from KV via Amazon on July 27 . It is now August 1 -LRB- 9PM -RRB- and the product has yet to be shipped . I contacted them by email which they never responded to and called them yesterday and was told it would be shipped today which has n't happened . I guess Amazon online has me used to a faster turnaround than this . Unfortunately it is too late to cancel my order but will be very sure never to order from these folks again . One of the customer service folks I spoke to said they were very behind in their Amazon orders .
 We have a 6 pound Yorkie and this was way too small for him !!! I had to return it !! I did not re-order I was afraid the next size up would still be too small . Very disappointed
 We have a small toy poodle puppy . She is currently 4.5 pounds , and will eventually be 6-7 pounds as an adult . I travel a lot in the car so I want her to be comfortable on those rides , and not sitting in my lap . I thought this would be a good alternative , but it was not . Even at her current weight , she did not fit in the seat . Also , I was concerned that it would not fit in my car - but it did . I have a 2012 Nissan Rogue , if that helps anyone . The space between the seats in the Rouge apparently is much narrower than most vehicles , I discovered , while trying to take measurements and see if this would fit . It was tight , and it was wedged in firmly to the space . Does n't really matter , however , as I will be sending it back .
 This did not fit my dog at all . It is probably a great product , just did not work for my needs .
 Thought this would be perfect for my dog . He is 12 pounds and it was much too small for him to fit comfortably . Quality seemed good but size was inadequate .
 I did not like the materials it was made and it did not like it sitting on my vehicle console .
 Item to small for 10 pound dog . Not sturdy would never drive withour feeling my pet was safe . end end
 I purchased one of these doggie console seats three years ago and it finally just wore out . Since the first one was so good , I purchased another only to get it set up and find out the hard way -LRB- hit the brakes and pup went flying into back seat -RRB- that the clasp holding the seat in place did not function properly . As with everything one purchases , quality control is severly lacking . The only way I would purchase another would be to physically inspect it prior to buying . If you do purchase one of these console seats , do your furry friend a favor and make sure the clasp holds before you go for a ride .
 I was not pleased with the size of this product . I have a small 6 lb yorkie and she could barely ` sit ' in the opening , and that 's about it . I wanted this for long trips in the car , but it is n't feasible to use except maybe for short trips around town .
 I ordered a large and it only fits one 10 lb mini greyhound . I wanted it for two little dogs .
 When I recieved the product I did not get what I thought I was going to get.It was not R-7 ear powder , it is some off brand or something.I mean it works I guess for what it says on the bottle I got , but I was expecting ear drying powder and that is not what I got .
 When the product arrived , the container was empty . Nothing in the bottle . So , I ca n't rate it . I am not one to take the time to return a product unless it is expensive enough to warrant the return . However , it was really a shock to order something and receive an empty container .
 My Quaker Parrot , Wel , absolutely loves his small -LRB- 3 inch wide -RRB- pyramid toy like the one above , but today I am putting it in the trash . Why ? Just a few minutes ago I went into my bathroom , and while I was washing my hands before taking my contacts out , I heard Wel make a weird chirp unlike what he usually makes when he hears me . Wondering what could make him make that noise , I went to check on him . At first It just looked like he was playing with the toy , but then I realized that not only was his head inside one of the square holes , -LRB- we previously thought his head was too big to fit into the holes -RRB- but he was also hanging from his head . I rushed over to the cage and held him and the toy so that it would n't strangle him . After some maneuvering I got his head from the hole and he was unharmed . If I had n't come to take my contacts out I do n't know what would have happened to Wel . This toy should not be used with birds who 's heads could possibly fit into the holes and get stuck , and should at least have a warning on the packaging if not banned .
 I think when it comes to cats its hard to tell what they like or do not like.They absolutely love the plastic spring toys so I thought these would be almost the same , just a bit more durable than the thinner spring ones ... which have somewhat short life span due to those sharp cat teeth!no luck for my Bengals.so this is not a negative review of the product as much as a heads up ; - -RRB-
 items are very cheap . . and my cat was n't at all interested in them . . overpriced and overrated in other reviews . . disapointing and too cheap to return for refund .
 I gave my cat one of these Looney Loops to test , and in less than 8 hours I discovered that two of the loops had come off . Smallish plastic pieces , and a choking hazard for sure . Needless to say that one plus the two remaining in the package went out in the trash .
 Save your money . I thought my cats would love these seeing as they go crazy for the rings from milk jugs and for ponytail holders , but no ... they ignored them and my dog ate them . Save your money and give your cats milk rings instead .
 My cat just does n't play with these too much . She will swat them every once in a while but just perfunctorily .
 My two cats were not impressed with these . Granted , they are older cats and do n't play with much in general , but they are still cats that like to bat things around here n there . Just had no interest in these . Stick with milk jug cap rings . They love those .
 Bought these because of all the glowing reviews . My two could care less . I do see them in different places sometimes in the mornings but it 's usually only about 1 roll from where I left them . At least I do n't have to hunt them down or order more because they lost them . Ordered different kinds of these but they dissed all of them . Cats ...
 ... my cats just dont like them . i thought they ` ld love em since they the love the Ethical Pet Wide Durable Heavy Gauge Plastic Colorful Springs . Go figure . You get 3 lousy Looney Loops for $ 5 + they barely gave em the time of day . But the pack of 10 Ethical springs for less than $ 2 a pack they cant get enough of . Theres nothing wrong with the looney Loops , you just cant predict whats going to tickle a cats fancy .
 My 16 mo. cat loves her springs , so I thought I 'd try something different , but similar . She just looks at these and ignores them . I will be getting her the springs from now on .
 my cat only looks at it if i throw it around . he would not play with it at all ! would not recommend this product
 The ends of these were so sharp , I immediately tossed them out . Totally unsuitable to give to animals -LRB- or children -RRB- . They 're very brittle too and would break very easily , leaving more sharp ends ! Not a safe product !
 I found these at a local pet store but my cat wo n't play with them at all . She just stares at them like they are aliens from Mars . Some of the best things in life are free -LRB- sort of -RRB- . Here 's a tip to save you some money . Pull the ring off your milk container or orange just container and flip it off the counter and watch your cat go wild ! My cat loves ` milk rings ' . Her all time favorite toy above anything I have purchased that is an actual ` cat toy ' . We have them all over the house . Bottles of vinegar have a nice wide loop to pull off too . My kitty loves them because they fit so well under anything she can bat them under -LRB- like the furniture or the refrigerator -RRB- .
 I bought this bed recently for a bullmastiff who is 160 + lbs . Although used by a big dog , the foam in the bed is not good quality . Within 4 days of my dog laying on the bed , the middle was squished down and would not bounce back up . This bed is supposed to be a large , durable bed made for giant breed dogs and yet it has not lived up to that . IN ADDITION , the fur on the top portion of the cover sheds ... again this began to occur as soon as I brought the bed home and with washings -LRB- on cold as the directions say -RRB- the fur portion is thinning to where you can almost see through it when held up to light . So all in all I paid $ 70 for a thin piece of fabric that sheds fuzz all over my house !! I would not tell anyone to buy this bed !
 I ordered a large and it only fits one 10 lb mini greyhound . I wanted it for two little dogs .
 I was not pleased with the size of this product . I have a small 6 lb yorkie and she could barely ` sit ' in the opening , and that 's about it . I wanted this for long trips in the car , but it is n't feasible to use except maybe for short trips around town .
 We have a 6 pound Yorkie and this was way too small for him !!! I had to return it !! I did not re-order I was afraid the next size up would still be too small . Very disappointed
 We have a small toy poodle puppy . She is currently 4.5 pounds , and will eventually be 6-7 pounds as an adult . I travel a lot in the car so I want her to be comfortable on those rides , and not sitting in my lap . I thought this would be a good alternative , but it was not . Even at her current weight , she did not fit in the seat . Also , I was concerned that it would not fit in my car - but it did . I have a 2012 Nissan Rogue , if that helps anyone . The space between the seats in the Rouge apparently is much narrower than most vehicles , I discovered , while trying to take measurements and see if this would fit . It was tight , and it was wedged in firmly to the space . Does n't really matter , however , as I will be sending it back .
 This did not fit my dog at all . It is probably a great product , just did not work for my needs .
 Thought this would be perfect for my dog . He is 12 pounds and it was much too small for him to fit comfortably . Quality seemed good but size was inadequate .
 I did not like the materials it was made and it did not like it sitting on my vehicle console .
 Item to small for 10 pound dog . Not sturdy would never drive withour feeling my pet was safe . end end
 I purchased one of these doggie console seats three years ago and it finally just wore out . Since the first one was so good , I purchased another only to get it set up and find out the hard way -LRB- hit the brakes and pup went flying into back seat -RRB- that the clasp holding the seat in place did not function properly . As with everything one purchases , quality control is severly lacking . The only way I would purchase another would be to physically inspect it prior to buying . If you do purchase one of these console seats , do your furry friend a favor and make sure the clasp holds before you go for a ride .
 I do not know for I never got it . The company was totally unresponsive . I would never buy from this place .
 I have half a mind to call Droll Yankee and tell them that this feeder is JUNK . The main reason I bought this feeder was that it was supposed to keep out larger birds and protect the seed from the weather and it failed in both cases . Note that this feeder is not cheap either.I adjusted the hight of the dome to keep out the bluejays but there is no way to keep them out unless you set the dome an inch above the tray which would keep every other bird out as well . FAILEDI thought the seed would remain dry with the dome overhead but I was wrong . The problem is the dome does not extend out past the tray . Even when I set the dome down to about 4 inches from the tray -LRB- which is low -RRB- I woke up the next day and the tray was completly full of snow and the seed ruined . FAILEDAnother problem is when I went to disassemble the feeder -LRB- because now it is useless -RRB- the nut on the bottom of the threading fell out because the plastic which held it in fell apart . It still will work but now I would have to hold onto the nut to screw the pole in . FAILEDI hope this review will help people in deciding if they want it or not . Do not waste your money like I did because now its in the garage less than a month after I got it .
 I ordered a large and it only fits one 10 lb mini greyhound . I wanted it for two little dogs .
 I was not pleased with the size of this product . I have a small 6 lb yorkie and she could barely ` sit ' in the opening , and that 's about it . I wanted this for long trips in the car , but it is n't feasible to use except maybe for short trips around town .
 We have a 6 pound Yorkie and this was way too small for him !!! I had to return it !! I did not re-order I was afraid the next size up would still be too small . Very disappointed
 We have a small toy poodle puppy . She is currently 4.5 pounds , and will eventually be 6-7 pounds as an adult . I travel a lot in the car so I want her to be comfortable on those rides , and not sitting in my lap . I thought this would be a good alternative , but it was not . Even at her current weight , she did not fit in the seat . Also , I was concerned that it would not fit in my car - but it did . I have a 2012 Nissan Rogue , if that helps anyone . The space between the seats in the Rouge apparently is much narrower than most vehicles , I discovered , while trying to take measurements and see if this would fit . It was tight , and it was wedged in firmly to the space . Does n't really matter , however , as I will be sending it back .
 This did not fit my dog at all . It is probably a great product , just did not work for my needs .
 Thought this would be perfect for my dog . He is 12 pounds and it was much too small for him to fit comfortably . Quality seemed good but size was inadequate .
 I did not like the materials it was made and it did not like it sitting on my vehicle console .
 Item to small for 10 pound dog . Not sturdy would never drive withour feeling my pet was safe . end end
 I purchased one of these doggie console seats three years ago and it finally just wore out . Since the first one was so good , I purchased another only to get it set up and find out the hard way -LRB- hit the brakes and pup went flying into back seat -RRB- that the clasp holding the seat in place did not function properly . As with everything one purchases , quality control is severly lacking . The only way I would purchase another would be to physically inspect it prior to buying . If you do purchase one of these console seats , do your furry friend a favor and make sure the clasp holds before you go for a ride .
 I do n't want to blame the product , maybe it was neglect on my sisters part when I left my poor fish in her care as I went on vacation . Who knows ? But it the product did n't seem to do much really ...
 My betta fish had some sort of fungal disease , with white-ish patches under his gills and cottony growths on his fins . I tried using Bettafix , following directions on how much to use and for how long and I do n't think it made any difference . I 'm very disappointed , this purchase was a waste of money .
 I got it quick but the product is meant for a dog with no teeth . I have a gollden and he chewed through the frisbee and started eating the plastic coil fromthe inside within MINUTES
 The first time I used it , I used it according to directions . I counted out 14 drops for my 10 gallon tank . It cleared within a couple of hours , and then the next day , the algae bloom was back , so I waited three days , like the directions said , and put in another 14 drops , and the next morning , my fish were all lying on the bottom of the tank . When they did n't respond to even food by noon , I got them out of the tank and put them into our quarantine tank until my husband could come home and completely empty and clean everything in the 10-gallon tank . I would not use this again . I hope my fish will be okay . After several hours , they seem to be coming around . If they die , I will write back with an update not to use this product .
 Applied this product for over two weeks , every three days . Not only did it not work , the algae continued to get worse . When I sent the company email requesting advice , they just did n't bother to reply.Switched to EcoBlast . It did the job on the first application .
 The ingredients listed are NOT for this particular recipe ! The lamb , barley mix does not include chicken as this page indicates . Love the potato , whitefish mix by the way . My 12 yr old is doing well on it .
 Our dog has many allergies , and - finally - we found a dog food that he can tolerate . Happy Days !! But , Wellness was n't selling enough of the Salmon and Rice - so , they took if off the market . No Warnings , no advice to begin to seek out an alternative - just , gone . He is now vomiting on the Wellness replacement - and we 're seeking yet another alternative - but , it wo n't be from this company .
 My dog seems to be allergic to poultry so we thought we would switch him to this lamb-based formula . Usually he is a good eater , but my dog had one smell of this stuff and would n't come back . I understand Wellness puts higher-end ingredients in their food but if a dog does n't like it there goes your money right down the drain .
 My dog seems to be allergic to poultry so we thought we would switch him to this lamb-based formula . Usually he is a good eater , but my dog had one smell of this stuff and would n't come back . I understand Wellness puts higher-end ingredients in their food but if a dog does n't like it there goes your money right down the drain .
 The idea is great . Save trips to the store and is cheaper than the stores but when I opened the bag , it smelled funny and color is much lighter than the ones that I bought from the stores . My two Labradors actually turn their heads away from the kibbles . How do you return the opened bag with loose kibbles ? So I tried to feed the kibbles to the dogs and they were having diarrhea or very soft stool and I 'm not happy with that type of situation at all . The Wellness dog food is good but something about shipping makes me wonder ... . Anyway I went to the local pet store got the same kibbles and my babies are happy ever after .
 I have 3 dogs and all three of my dogs will not eat this dog food . I even mixed wet food in with it , hoping they would eat it , but they just pick around the dry food and leave it . I would not recommend this food . Plus , it stinks !!!
 After losing a dog at the age of 9 , we looked into providing our pets with a better quality dog food just in case the Purina Pro Plan they had been eating was even partially responsible for her early death.The Wellness dry foods were one of the brands we tried . We took the effort to slowly introduce the food and gave it a good 4 months before finally giving up.Our dogs did not seem to really like this food . I am not sure if it was the taste or if it was the terrible gas or diarrhea it gave them . It would sit in their bowl for hours before they finally gave in and finished it.After much thought we decided that we would rather our dogs enjoy their food and not suffer from daily diarrhea than force them to eat this food , even if it might extend their life a little.We settled on Science Diet brand . They gobble it up at every meal and have returned to normal bowel movements . I realize the ingredients are not as good as Wellness brand , but I feel better about their quality of life .
 Got a wellness dog treat before which the dogs absolutely loved . Then i bought this dog food ... very weird . None of my four dogs like it . Sniff , and go away . Regardless how good it is ... if it ca n't even appeal to the dogs , it means nothing . Only one of my dogs is picky about food ; others love almost every brand ; esp . the 1st time they try a new dog food.Not this one . Embarrassing for me cuz I 've opened it and ca n't return it .
 I have had my German Shepherd on Canidae -LRB- chicken -RRB- since she was a puppy and did wonderful . Well , Canidae had a recall last winter & I had to switch her , so I tried Wellness -LRB- chicken -RRB- . I have to say , I am really disappointed with this dog food . Besides her not really liking it , her breathe smells bad , has very loose to diarrhea stools , and she has been licking her paws & shaking her head like her ears are bugging her -LRB- which she never has done before and that is a sign of allergies -RRB- . I noticed the chicken formula is back on the market and I will for sure be switching .
 Thought I was doing a good thing for my doxie mix by getting one of the better brands as listed on dogfoodanalysis but boy was I mistaken . Gradually made the change from her old food to the new and she hates it . She has thrown up twice so far . I will be taking my loss and throwing the rest out . Back to her old food . It may be great for some dogs , just did n't work for mine .
 We switched to this food from Purina One because the ingredients are advertised to be of much higher quality , and we wanted to improve our dogs ' diet . We made a smooth transition to this food by slowly mixing it in with their existing food , as vets recommend . Once the transition was complete , they were vomiting their meals several times per week , which they had never done before the switch . We continued to feed them this food for about a month to see if it changed , and they still have problems keeping it down . I often see them eating grass to induce vomiting as well , so I think its giving them a stomach ache . They also got to the point where they just did n't want to eat the food at all sometimes , which I 've never seen them do . We switched to Newman 's Own dog food now , and they 're eating much better already.I wish I had done some research on this food before purchasing it . Type `` Wellness dog food vomit '' into Google , and you 'll see what I 'm talking about.I would not recommend this product .
 We 've been buying this exact formula of Wellness for our Cocker Spaniel `` Lucy '' for over a year now . We thought that it would be worth purchasing on Amazon since it was priced almost identically and it would be more convenient than going to Petsmart since it would be delivered to our front door . We did n't receive the food for well over a week after we ordered it so we were forced to buy a small bag at the store until we received the food . No big deal ... we figured next time we 'll just order it a couple of weeks in advance so that Lucy 's food supply is n't as low and we have plenty until we get the next bag . After feeding her two meals of the bag we got from Amazon , Lucy started having violent diarrhea . I 'm familiar with the fact that changing foods can cause an upset stomach with dogs but this is the exact same food we have been feeding her for a very long time ... or so we thought . We knew that the only thing that changed in Lucy 's diet was the fact that we ordered the food from Amazon . So we went and bought another small bag of the same stuff from Petsmart . Much to our disappointment , there was an obvious difference in the appearance of the food . The bag from Amazon had chunks that were misshaped , very porous and even smelled different . Our conclusion was that Amazon received the reject bags at a discount and sold them as the same product . We then stopped feeding Lucy the Amazon bag and switched her back to the store bought bag . Immediately her bowls improved . Although we were refunded for our purchase we had to jump through a few hoops that were n't worth the time we wasted to do so . Please reconsider before you purchase this food . Wellness is an Amazing product and we 're proud to feed our little Lucy the best food that we possibly can but this is not up to the quality that Wellness is known for . I 'm going to post pics of both the Amazon bought food and the Store bought food so that you can see the difference .
 I rarely leave negative feedback , but I was shocked by how this product was packaged . I understand that it is dog food , but a little more time and thought could have gone a long way and not have caused me the pain of what I experienced when the box was opened . First , the box was the same size as the bag of dog food and had no additional packing . I 'm fairly certain the bag was opened or starting to open prior to being packaged and shipped . Needless to say , when the package arrived via UPS , I opened it in the garage and the contents of the bag went everywhere . Half of the bottom of the bag was open . I lost at least half of the bag . In addition , I do n't know how long the bag was sitting opened . It 's probably not an issue with dry dog food , but you never really know . All I can say is I would n't buy an opened bag of dog food at the pet store . What I intended as a convenience of having this brand of dog food shipped directly to me , turned into a wasted amount of food and a lot of clean up . I gave a shipping review to Amazon last week , but there was never any `` I am sorry for your inconvenience '' or any other type of apology . I 'm gathering these reviews are only spot checked.The Wellness dog food itself seems to be a high quality dog food that my dogs enjoy . I 'm just very reluctant to purchase this through Amazon again . If I would have thought of it at the time , I would have taken some pictures and posted them online . I was so irritated and it 's just not worth the time for this particular product to do a RMA . Buyer beware .
 I am very fond of Wellness brand itself , but this particular kind just did not get along with my dog 's digestive system . I purchased at Petco store . My dog is a Sheltie and she has not had special dietary need that I know of . She was fine with other formulas/treats from Wellness .
 My dog will not touch this food . Very surprised because all reviews were positive . He will not eat it with chicken added or anything else . I am aware of a recall on some of the Wellness brand but this food was not included in the recall .
 My dog seems to be allergic to poultry so we thought we would switch him to this lamb-based formula . Usually he is a good eater , but my dog had one smell of this stuff and would n't come back . I understand Wellness puts higher-end ingredients in their food but if a dog does n't like it there goes your money right down the drain .
 My dog has severe allergies as well as a sensitive stomach . After thousands of dollars , allergy shots , etc. . I decided to give the fish and sweet potato a try because for years everyone has raved about how much better it is for dogs who are allergic to the typical proteins , etc. in kibble . Well , let me say ... I 'm disappointed . It 's been six weeks and I 've seen no difference in the itching/licking and scratching . The fish breath ? I can live with that but whoooooo-weeee the GAS that this stuff caused for not only my allergic dog but also my `` stomach of steel '' dog . They can clear the HOUSE in about two seconds flat.While I do appreciate the quality ingredients that are supposedly in this food , I am disappointed that I 've seen absolutely no difference between this and the Pro Plan or Natural Balance I tried before this . Could it be just my dog , sure . But all in all , if you 're looking for a magic cure , sorry to say this is n't the one it 's hyped to be .
 When I saw this on Amazon I could n't find the protein percentage any where in the product description . For the price -LRB- $ 9.99 -RRB- I thought I 'd take a chance . Found the protein percentage on the bag when it arrived and my worst suspicions were confirmed ... 22 % protein . I have a large dog -LRB- over 100 lbs -RRB- and he would go through this in no time . I have never fed my dog less than 26 % protein food since I got him when he was a puppy . He is eleven now and still going strong . I have found over the years that higher protein food seems to provide better benefits for dogs of all ages as opposed to lower protein food . One immediate benefit is less stool from your dog -LRB- translates to less for you to clean up -RRB- . Higher protein also seems to be easier on your dogs system , his body does n't work as hard , which tends to increase his life span . I have only ever had large breeds -LRB- over 100 lbs -RRB- so I do n't know if this would hold true for smaller breeds . I was n't going to feed this dog food straight to my dog so I mixed it in with his regular food -LRB- 30 % protein -RRB- and immediately noticed an increase in his stool amount without an increase in total volume of food he ate . Wo n't be getting any more of this stuff , not @ any price , not even if they gave it away .
 Very disappointed my chi wont eat this . Not sur I can return this open product . Boy , it s expensive to figure out what your pet will be happy to eat !
 I purchased this , thinking it to be a good product.However , within 3 days , my dog was itching and pulling her hair out.Took her off the food and her hair is coming back.Went to another brand immediately .
 I liked that the ingredients list was full of healthy things and had no corn or fillers . My puppy liked the taste . However , I 'm rating this a 2 because while on Wellness , he had the runs . His poop was always super wet and mushy and sometimes it would be all liquid . I 've tried the Eukanuba Natural Wild Salmon puppy food and he likes that , it 's also healthy without corn or fillers , and his poop is firm and normal .
 I 've had a goldendoodle puppy for about two months -LRB- the dog is 4 months old -RRB- . The first 6 weeks after I used this product I had no problems . The past two weeks , hoewever have been tough . After ruling out a possible infection , I determined that the this product was causing diarrhea to my dog . When reading the nutirent information , this kibble is very rich in protein and fat . I think my dog is stating to change and the food is no longer agreeing with him .
 I had my Airedale Terrier puppy on Wellness Super Mix Just for Puppy from about 10 weeks to 14 weeks . During this time I had loose stools to no stools -LRB- i.e. the squirts -RRB- . It was very frustrating . The ingredient list looks great and I was looking forward to feeding this kibble but it did not work out for my puppy . I switched her to my adult dog 's kibble out of frustration and suddenly perfect poops . My adult eats Wellness Core orginal . I asked my vet if it would be ok to continue feeding the adult food to the 14 week puppy and she said it was fine.My recommendation is to buy a small bag of Wellness Just for Puppy at first and if you do n't get good stools then switch to something else immediately - do n't wait around like I did . Not every food is going to work for every dog .
 This was the first food I fed my puppy . She 's always been skinny and we can leave food out for her to nibble on all day . That is until we switched to a different dog food -LRB- Wellness core -RRB- . As soon she tried her new food she ate the whole bowl ! It 's only her third day eating the new stuff and she 's already visibly gained weight . It 's kinda sad to realize that she 's just been forcing herself to eat this food.I give it 2 stars because there 's nothing wrong with the ingredients that I know of , but make sure your dog is willing to eat this bland food .
 My Puppy was on Royal Canin but we switched her to Wellness Pupy b/c I eventually wanted her on Wellness Core but she does n't seem to like it . I have to mix the can with it in order for her to eat it . She was with a dog sitter for a week while we were out of the country and she came back with her food container full . She seemed more solid , like she 'd gained a lot more weight in just a week . Apparently she ate their dog food and would n't touch her more expensive food . Now that she 's home , she 's gone back to barely eating it . I 'll try another brand after we finish this bag . I 'm sure the nutrition in it is great but if I ca n't get my dog to eat it , what good is it ?
 I am a first time owner . I read that it is best to feed a puppy higher quality foods instead of the big commercial brands . After reading a lot of positive reviews , I decided to try Wellness Super5 for Puppies . Worst mistake I ever made . My little bully 's stool was never firm . It did however make his coat very shiny . But he developed a very bad case of diarrhea . He stopped eating and drinking for a day . I was so worried about the lil guy . After an overnight stay -LRB- & a very expensive vet bill -RRB- , my lil bully returned home full of energy . The vet recommened that he would have to eat canned Purina EN for the rest of his life . Realizing that they really just wanted my money , I decided to switch his food . I decided to go with Canadae ALS . During the transition , BlackJack was still having a loose stool . After more research , I finally decided on Cal Natural Lamb & Rice . I started mixing this food and BJ developed a very bad bloody diarrhea case . I started the `` at home remedy '' of pepto bismol and a bland diet . The pet store clerk recommended some canned pumpkin as well . BJ fasted for 24 hours . After feeding him boiled chicken & rice for a few days , the blood gradually disappeared . I slowly started mixing the Cal Natural Lamb & Rice . All i can say is BJ is feeling 100 % better and his stool is solid !!! This was the result I wanted with Wellness , but I was very disappointed.IF YOU WANT A HEALTHY PET AND A FEW BUCKS SAVED FROM A VET VISIT , PLEASE STAY AWAY FROM THIS FOOD !
 I am a first time owner . I read that it is best to feed a puppy higher quality foods instead of the big commercial brands . After reading a lot of positive reviews , I decided to try Wellness Super5 for Puppies . Worst mistake I ever made . My little bully 's stool was never firm . It did however make his coat very shiny . But he developed a very bad case of diarrhea . He stopped eating and drinking for a day . I was so worried about the lil guy . After an overnight stay -LRB- & a very expensive vet bill -RRB- , my lil bully returned home full of energy . The vet recommened that he would have to eat canned Purina EN for the rest of his life . Realizing that they really just wanted my money , I decided to switch his food . I decided to go with Canadae ALS . During the transition , BlackJack was still having a loose stool . After more research , I finally decided on Cal Natural Lamb & Rice . I started mixing this food and BJ developed a very bad bloody diarrhea case . I started the `` at home remedy '' of pepto bismol and a bland diet . The pet store clerk recommended some canned pumpkin as well . BJ fasted for 24 hours . After feeding him boiled chicken & rice for a few days , the blood gradually disappeared . I slowly started mixing the Cal Natural Lamb & Rice . All i can say is BJ is feeling 100 % better and his stool is solid !!! This was the result I wanted with Wellness , but I was very disappointed.IF YOU WANT A HEALTHY PET AND A FEW BUCKS SAVED FROM A VET VISIT , PLEASE STAY AWAY FROM THIS FOOD !
 My dog loves this food and when I saw it here on Amazon AND Prime Eligible I figured it would be any easy way to get her food - no more trips to the pet store . I 'm not sure if the bag sat in a hot warehouse for a while or what happened , but the food STANK . It smelled totally rotten . Thankfully Amazon handled it really well and very quickly refunded my money and I pitched the bag .
 I recently purchased this puppy food at my local feed store . I usually buy another brand called Nature 's Recipe
 My puppy liked the taste of the food , but he had the runs the entire time I fed him Wellness . Never had it before this brand , and as soon as I switched to a different brand , he was fine again . Would not recommend .
 Kristin is right , it 's sticky and it stays on the fur . Moreover , I followed the directions to a T ... but when my cat shook her head , the product went into one of her eyes . It was clearly extremely painful for her . There is no caution anywhere on the label stating that this product is an eye irritant or worse . I bought this product to help my cat 's ears , not hurt her eyes .
 Too many round wooden toys - bird can not get a grip on them . Would be better to have flat wooden toys instead . Cookies and nuts were fine .
 Anyone considering a fish for a pet should do their research . This is NOT the recommended aquarium size for betas or any fish . Think carefully before purchasing any pet and do your research . Many pet habitats you find in the toy section are too small , like this one.Contrary to what others on here are saying , betas do best in at least 1-2 gallons or more , and yes , they can be tankmates in much larger aquariums with no problems.The small containers pet stores use for betas are only meant to be temporary.For only a few dollars more than this , you can purchase a filtered 2 gallon kit at any pet sore chain and even in some department stores . Many larger theme tanks - including sponge bob are also available .
 I have been raising and breeding tropical fish for many years.Please research the Betta fish before you buy one . you will find , they need a lot more space than a cup . As for the person saying the store puts them in cups so they are ok to be in cups , the pound puts cats and dogs in cages and they arent dead so it must be cool to keep a cat or dog in a cage 24-7 ? Buy a 2 gallon aquarium/bowl and put your betta in it . If you have a peaceful community tank put your fish in it . Bettas can get along with other fish and I have one in my 55 gallon tank living just fine for over a year . The people condeming this product sounds like they are experianced fish owners . If you must have a spongebob betta tank , buy the 1.87 gallon one for your betta , it will thank you .
 I bought this tank for my daughter and the beta died after 2 days . I bought another one and it died the next day . I had to bring the dead fish and water to the pet store to be analyzed . They could find nothing wrong . I do not think enough air gets in to the top . There are very small slits in the top . Bad design .
 Here are the problems associated with keeping a betta -LRB- or any fish -RRB- in a small amount of water :1 , Size . Bettas can grow up to 3.5 '' , this tank is 4 '' in diameter , sound like a tight fit to you ? Also , bettas do not `` love '' to live in small spaces . They are much happier in larger amounts of water . Mine lives happily w / all my other fish in my 20 gallon , and another happy in his 2 gallon .2 , There is no filtration . You would have to do 100 % water changes DAILY , which may be stressful for the fish . However , not changing the water daily would result in deadly ammonia , nitrate , and nitrite levels , which are toxic to fish .3 , Temperature & Water Chemistry . It is very hard to keep a constant temperature in such a small tank , as the temperature can change within minutes , which can result in death . Same goes w / the water chemistry.Bettas live in those small cups at pet stores because if put together , they will most likely kill each other . These cups are not meant to be their permanent homes , they are just a cheap , easy way to keep them separated.I do n't mean to bash this product , I just do n't think that it is an appropriate home for a fish . As said before , there is a larger Sponge Bob tank available that would be much better for a betta . Please do your research first !
 It may sound repetitive , but this is just wrong.Bettas deserve better than this!They are not toys to be carried around in a kid 's thermos.I say , at VERY least , a gallon per betta .
 1 . They sell betas in the little cups in stores out of sheer convenience and cost effectiveness .2 . Beta 's DO NOT need to be kept alone . They simply can not be kept with other beta 's . I have a very happy little guy I have had for 2 years in a tank with about 10 other fish of all shapes , sizes and colors . And my beta uses EVERY INCH of our 40 + gallon tank .3 . Yes , a beta may survive in this tank but I would think we would like to provide the best habitat possible for a new pet .4 . You can pick up a 2.5 gallon tank with a filter at Petsmart for about $ 20 . Not only will your little fish be happier you can spare yourself the frequent -LRB- well , * as * frequent -RRB- water changes .5 . I am appalled that anyone would use this tank for a fish of any size .
 People should do research before they comment.Read the many websites on betta `` fighting fish '' they are called fighting fish as they fight other males of their own species , and can live with other fish as many resources state as such.Original Betta 's do indeed live in small water supplies , however the betta most people buy from shops is far removed from its wild cousins both in breading and what its used too.As for the comment about , they sell them in little pots in shops , this does n't mean its whats best for the animal.If your interested in getting a betta , do some research on the web , -LSB- ... -RSB- and I quote
 hi there i have been a betta breeder for awile now and have learnt that they need more room then that and better care and that pet shops showing cruelty to them are showing other people how to do the same but yeah it is a great starter fish if you show your kid 's how the proper way is to care for them and do your reseach but i am not in any way trying to condem this product or the people that make it i am just offering constructive crittisisom
 This is NOT a suitable home for fish !!! No fish can live in this small amount of water . If you are interested in fish , please learn how to take care of them properly . Giving a child a fish in this deathtrap and having the fish die is not quite the message we want to send .
 While this is no doubt a cute item at first glance , and knowing how many children adore Sponge Bob , they would no doubt love this tank -- but from someone who owns multiple bettas , and also from someone who learned a long time ago the hard way ; this is n't a good home for any fish , especially bettas . I am sure the manufacturer of this product , while obviously lacking knowledge of bettas , had nothing but good intentions at heart , but a tank this tiny is n't healthy for a betta . The small amount of water allows deadly levels of ammonia -LRB- from waste and uneaten food -RRB- to build up , and unless you change the water in this tank - daily - , without fail , your child 's beloved betta can fall victim to sundry diseases , and sadly die . Rice paddies are far larger than most pet stores lead people to believe , and bettas were not meant to spend their - entire - life in a tiny bit of water.Please , if you wish for your kids to have a betta they can care for , and learn from , please first research the fish , and buy an aquarium of at least two gallons . Your betta will be happier , healthier , live longer , and you 'll not have to explain to your kids why Mr. Betta kicked the bucket . Fish keeping is a truly rewarding , fun , and educational hobby , but I do encourage people to do the necessary research first . It will save you many headaches in the end , and be far more enjoyable for both you , your kids , and your new betta .
 Please , please do n't buy this . A fish should n't be a toy , and even if you took the best possible care of the betta -LRB- daily water changes , high-quality food , a plant to further clean the water -RRB- the betta would still spend its time floating motionless , or , despite everything , die from bad water . Bettas are incredibly hardy fish , but they still need at least two gallons to do well , and five should be the minimum if you ever want to see it move , do n't want its fins to rot , or do n't want to change the water daily . You really should buy a ten-gallon or larger tank and put it in with a few other fish.I gave the educational value a three because I hope the kids who get this will learn something after the fish has died . -LRB- For anyone wondering , the pet stores that display signs claiming bettas live in puddles of water this big in the wild are lying . Betta do n't exist in the wild , they 're bred , and even they ca n't survive in these tanks for long -RRB-
 I would not buy a tank with less then 3 gallons of water , if you do some research you will find that is the smallest recommended tank for a betta . People will tell you since a betta is an anabantids they do n't need water since they get their O2 from the air , that is only partly right , bettas get most of their O2 from water , the stuff they take in by mouth is only to supplement that supply . I personally keep my bettas in 10 gallon tanks -LRB- I have 3 of them -RRB- I did keep one of mine in a 2.5 gallon tank before , and when I moved him into the 10 gallon tank his colors started to darken more -LRB- the bettas loss color when they are sick , and the colors will darken as they get better -RRB- Also if you want to keep a fish -LRB- betta or any other -RRB- look into `` fishless '' cycling your tank , your fish will thank you , and if you are getting fish for your children , you will not run the risk of the fish dieing on your after you get them . If you need more information on fish and fish keeping look for a site called `` Aquaria Central '' there are a lot of people that can help you on your quest to keep bettas -LRB- or any other fish -RRB-
 Please do not buy this for your betta , or any other fish . It is WAY too small ! There is a larger version available , which would be much better if you must have a sponge bob tank . Or you could buy an even larger aquarium & decorate it w / sponge bob things :-RRB- -LRB- ... -RRB- you do see bettas in cups at pet stores . But honestly every time I see this , some ARE dead and most are not healthy . Some males can live w / other fish , most females can as well -LRB- mine does just fine -RRB- .
 This is just a horrible horrible thing to keep a living creature in . It 's the equivelant of YOU living in a suitcase ! Not very fair , do n't waste your money or your pet 's life . Spend a little extra and get him at LEAST a 5gal tank .
 I bought it and the betta could hardly move in it.It just stayed in one place.We had to buy something larger and now it is swimming all over the place.I would not buy this , your betta wo n't last long .
 Please remove this horrible product from your webpage . Why would you want to torture your pet ?
 People , PLEASE do not buy this for your kids.Despite its novelty this is NOT a suitable home for a Betta - Betta fish need a minimum of 2 gallons to swim around in , 5 is more suitable though.People are saying that Bettas HAVE to be kept on their own - this is not true . It all depends on the individual fish , many bettas are quite happy swimming around a community fish tank and it is a joy to see them with groups of different fish.If you care what happens to the fish - do not buy this product .
 How would you like to be kept in a glass coffin with people staring at you ? Whoever said that bettas LIKE being kept in tiny spaces was clearly wrong . I mean I have n't actually talked to a betta but if you put them in a REAL fish tank they swim back and forth and dont ' just sit on the bottom of the tank . The only reason they do that is because they are unhappy . I 'm so tired of people using fish as shoes , purses , and other such decorations . These are little lives we 're dealing with ... think about it !
 Kristin is right , it 's sticky and it stays on the fur . Moreover , I followed the directions to a T ... but when my cat shook her head , the product went into one of her eyes . It was clearly extremely painful for her . There is no caution anywhere on the label stating that this product is an eye irritant or worse . I bought this product to help my cat 's ears , not hurt her eyes .
 These products in my opinion are not safe for small parrots . I barely pulled on toy and it broke ! Not worth the time to return and not worth the money !
 I was very disappointed in this product . When they arrived they were smashed and stuck to the cardboard packaging them came in . That aside my birds have no interest in them whatsoever . I would stick with wood or acrylic toys in the future .
 The product arrived looking like it had been slightly melted by heat and stuck together . I spent some time pulling em apart , afterward i washed it in plain water -LRB- even though it says dishwasher safe -RRB- and hoped it would stop being so sticky . It was still as sticky , did not at all look safe and seemed like very bad quality . Im going to have to return it as defective .
 As another reviewer also mentioned , the item looked and felt as if it had been melted which seems to have seriously affected the durability and saftey of the bird toy -LRB- I had to rip the 2 toys apart and the bird easily ripped apart both toys in a matter of minutes leaving lots of bits of rubber for him to choke on -RRB- I seriously doubt that the item was melted in transit given that it was shipped in DECEMBER . Would certainly not recommend to anyone .
 We had to run to a pet store right before Christmas to buy a replacement . The one we purchased was constructed of thicker plastic . The one I received had a vertical crack through one of the large walls . I had to toss it but with Amazons great policy , I was n't charged for the damaged product .
 Caused my cat a lot of pain and irritation . She never reacted badly to Advantage before . After reading many negative online reviews , I bathed her with dish soap to try to get it off . HORRIBLE !!
 A few hours after using this product , my cat was foaming at the mouth and got sick . I washed it off of her along with live fleas . I ca n't believe this product is allowed to be sold . Please do not use this product . It will make you pet sick ! I wish I would have read all the reviews `` before '' I used it !
 Horrible stuff ! Burned BOTH my cats skin & I have worked with animals for 15 years , know how to apply properly . I have NEVER seen a product do this to an animal before . Next morning both cats were itching & scratching even more than ever ... poor guys were trying to soothe their burns . They were both lethargic the next day , slept WAY more than usual , the younger cat did not eat all day which is unheard of ! By day 3 the skin was bright purple & skin was actually flaking off . When I called my vet the 1st question she asked was `` did you use PurrScriptions ? '' . It 's happened to other people ... WHY TAKE THE RISK IF YOU LOVE YOUR PET ? WHY do you think it 's on sale ????
 To everyone who suggested I not purchase this after all of your terrible experiences . I was in line at PetSmart with this is my hand . I decided to do a quick check of reviews here on Amazon before I reached the register . I expected to read maybe something about poor effectiveness , not THIS ! Thank you for sparing my 5 cats , several of them elderly , this pain !
 If only I had researched this product before buying . I feel so INCREDIBLY STUPID . I `` assumed '' since it was being sold that it was at least safe . I have a stray cat that turned up and I brought her in and am trying to get her to feeling better so I can find her a home . She had fleas and I 'm low on money until I get paid so instead of buying the expensive stuff I bought this . She was fine after I put it on , but now I went in to check on her this morning and she acts like she does n't even know me ?!?!?! She was loving as all get out for the last 3 days adn now she runs from me , recoils if I try and touch her.I immediately came to research this behavior and thought to check the flea medicine . She will no way in hell let me give her a bath so I took a cloth and wiped as much of the stuff off as possible . When I picked up the rag off the shelf , whatever was on it -LRB- flea medication -RRB- ate the paint right off the SHELF!This makes me want to cry that I have caused this poor baby harm . I will never try and cut corners again .
 I bought this over the counter at Petsmart because it was 15 dollars for 3 doses , and I have 3 cats . I applied it to all the cats , and when I noticed my calico , Aria , licking at her application site -LRB- even though it was right on skin behind her head between her shoulder blades -RRB- . I did a quick search and found all kinds of horror stories of cats being hurt or even dieing from this product and others like it . So I kept a close watch on all 3 cats that evening , and while none had any severe symptoms , Aria and her brother , Octave , were more lethargic than usual , and poor Aria vomited twice.I was n't comfortable leaving a known poison on my cats , plus it 's greasy and was n't drying at all , so I washed it off of all of them with dawn dish soap and warm water -LRB- oh boy , this is fun -RRB- . While I did this , I noticed this junk just made all the fleas go to their heads . They were covered in fleas there . They did act less lethargic a couple of hours after washing it off . I just consider myself lucky nothing worse happened.Stick with vet-prescribed products like Frontline or Revolution , even if they cost more .
 You 're thinking of buying this ? NO . NO , NO , NO . Please , if you 're going to buy this for your cat , research it much more heavily than I did . I bought this because it was cheaper than Frontline and such , and since I can barely feed myself let alone dish out fifty dollars a pop for one-month flea protection , I was overjoyed ! But as soon as I applied it to my cat , he started acting very strange . He ran away from me , and kept running away from me . And not like the `` haha , catch me , human '' kind of run - he was RUNNING , hiding , and shoving himself into corners from me , and he has never , ever done that . He started shaking his head constantly within the first ten minutes of application , and kept trying to lick as far up his shoulder to the application site as he could . He was blinking , and I even thought that maybe a flea was crawling on his nose and was bugging him . So even after combing in throughout , his reactions kept getting worse . Only fifteen minutes after application , I bathed my kitty and washed him as thoroughly as I could . Now I have one unhappy cat , and now having done my research of this after the fact , I 'm as mad as can be that this product is still being sold , seeing how other owners have had the same ordeal . Tomorrow , I 'm going to raise hell over this to the company . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . NEVERMIND THE STENCH , IT 'S TOXIC TO YOUR CAT .
 I wish I had read these reviews beforehand . I bought this and put it on my 1.5 year old cat , and she immediately started darting around , scratching uncontrollably , and trying to shake the product off . Needless to say , I bathed her right away with dawn dish soap -LRB- since product is oil based -RRB- to get it all off . Her ears turned bright red and she became very hot . Luckily , it 's been a few hours since I washed it off , and she seems to be doing much much better.Stay away , whatever you do . This stuff is awful .
 I decided to try this product instead of Frontline . When I applied the product yesterday , as directed , on my cats , they started acting very weird and tried to bite at the area . Today the cats were panting and very hot . One cat had a small patch of hair missing where the product was applied . I looked at the skin area in the bald spot , and it was bright red . I looked around for the other cat and noticed clumps of cat hair all over the house.I started to panic and was preparing to bath the cats , when one cat began violently throwing up in the middle of living room.I thoroughly washed both cats , and they seem to have calmed a bit . I 'm now monitoring them closely to make they do n't need to be rushed to the emergency room.DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT . IT IS POISON .
 I should have read the reviews before I used this product for my cat . I 've decided to give this product a try instead of the costly prescription product . My cat at first did n't react and seemed fine . Next morning I found cat hair all over the house . During the night he tried to lick it off and chunks of hair fell out even at the areas where the product was not applied to . Fortunately , I applied the product where he ca n't reach it . I washed off the product . Hair is still falling out .
 My cat got very sick from this product . She started `` foaming at the mouth '' I washed it off of her immediately . This happened today and I 'm hoping she feels better now that I removed it .
 This product poisoned my cat . I applied it to the back of his neck and followed all of the directions . He immediately went in to seizures and had to be taken to the emergency animal hospital where he was treated over night . DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT !!!
 I bought this for my 2 cats , , It was cheap , I Got what I paid for . . It did NOTHING for my cats !!!!!
 As with anything , one cat 's trash is another cat 's treasure -LRB- or something like that -RRB- . I have been experimenting with various canned and dry cat foods for my 2 cats -LRB- one is a 9 month old kitten and the other is a 3 year old -RRB- . They 're generally not picky eaters , but when I decided a few months ago to switch them from Purina Indoor Cat food and Purina One Kitten Chow to higher quality cat foods , I did a considerable amount of research.I started them off with Evo Turkey & Chicken food , which they seemed to love at first . At some point after I opened the second bag of Evo , they started to turn their noses up at meal time . Not only that , I also noticed what some other Evo reviewers have said
 I purchased a bag of WellPet 's Wellness Complete Health -LRB- blue bag -RRB- dry cat food at a local pet store . I wanted to bring my experience to your customer 's attention so that others wo n't have the same problem . The food caused my cat to have a serious urinary tract infection that required a vet visit and special food to cure . The total cost to me in out of pocket un-reimbursed expenses was close to $ 200 . I contacted Well Pet several times to request reimbursement , but they ultimately refused even though my Vet told me that the food was likely the cause of the problem . Please advise other customers of this potential problem so they do n't waste their time and money on the product , or cause their pet to become painfully sick .
 These are absolute garbage ! I purchased them on accident while trying to buy the 5-in-1 test strips , but thought I would go ahead and use them anyway . I have followed the instruction perfectly while testing water from my 150 gallon Fahaka tank , and the reading shows the maximum , 6.0 ppm ammonia each time . Any puffer would be long dead as those levels ! I have 2 different chemical master testing kits , and both show ammonia is 0 , so these strips are complete garbage , and not worth the money in the least .
 I place an order for test strip ammonia and 6 in strip for my aquarium . I olny received the ammonia test strip . I would like to know where the rest of my order is.thank u anita singh
 THE SHIRT IS VERY THIN AND TO ME KIND OF FLIMSY . I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE A THICKER MATERIAL . I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE .
 No sizing information was provided in the product description , so I ordered the large -LRB- largest size available -RRB- for my 55 pound boxer . There is no way that this shirt will fit him . Not even close . This shirt is clearly made for a `` large '' small dog.The shirt seems of decent quality , but I 'll never use it .
 I tried this litter and it was supposedly the best out of all clay litters , my problem is even for the cost , it does n't do very well with odor . Your home will smell like litter all day . I will admit , I am not a fan of clay litters as they are much too dusty . Natural pine and some corns are much better , I also recommend using some Dr. Eisley 's Cat Attract temporarily on top of the litter if you want to transition your cat to natural litters .
 I have been using Ever Clean for 25 years . While it 's an outstanding product , it 's unfortunately very heavy . When my shipment was packed at the vendor , someone slashed the container with a box cutter . There was 14 lbs . of litter scattered over my kitchen floor . -LRB- Also totally jammed my dust buster when I tried clean up the stuff in the corners -RRB- . In fairness , delivery was very quick but obviously too messy for words
 This stuff gets really stringy . It may work for pets that actively fluff it up and chew on it but never use it for baby rabbits . Or any other baby pet.We used it for our orphaned rabbit kits and it got caught around one of their necks . It was extremely scary because it was hard to get off from around her neck.Please do not buy this for your baby animals.I do not recommend it.And I realize it does say on the front , `` Do not use with small animals under 12 weeks of age . `` But that is up on the top you tear off . It is in very small print and is not noticeable compared to the title and the colorful cotton like bedding in the bottom . And when I get a new product for a pet I immediately look to the back of the bag where they usually write information.There is a contradiction . On the front the quote I mentioned above is stated on the package . But on the back of the package it reads , `` The nest is a very important structure in a small mammal 's life cycle . They inherently exhibit very interesting and entertaining behaviors during the nest building process . A nest provides them with safety , security , comfort and most importantly , a place to raise their young . `` So on the front it says do not use for small pets under 12 weeks of age ! But on the back it suggests using this bedding to help your small pet to build a nest to raise it 's young ! It makes no sense whatsoever . That is just irritating.The mother has died but we have another doe with babies on their way . So we are hoping to brush fur from her to provide a safe and natural nest . And we hope our doe has a safe and healthy delivery for her sake and her own kits sake . But also so our two kits who are orphaned can have real doe 's milk.Online there is `` litter saver '' that has a good reputation . -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- source -RRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- buy litter saver here -RRB-
 this stuff is no good.the poly fibers can actually cut off the limbs of babby gerbils and hamsters . Go for the natural fiber stuff made of cotton .
 i would give this -5 stars because my hammy sufferd a stroke from getting tangeld DO NOT BUY she is still recovering , but it almost KILLED HER DO NOT BUY IM NOT LIEING i forgot to take a small bit of fluff and it got tied on her foot and it turned Purple and we finaly got it off and know her foot is puffy and red , thanks alot super pet fluff > : - -LRB- NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER BUY FLUFF IT CAN KILL
 I 'll encourage people considering buying this stuff to do their own research , but here 's my points : If you ask any respectable veterinarian they will tell you to NOT use cotton bedding . When my hamsters died it was confirmed that both had in fact swallowed and choked on the cotton fluff I gave them a day before . After hearing this from my vet , I contacted multiple small animal experts from various parts of the United States , and EVERY SINGLE ONE told me the exact same thing - cotton bedding is dangerous . So I would suggest you ask your vet yourself before purchasing this stuff.The ASPCA also recommends against cotton/fluff bedding because it ca n't be digested or chewed through . If a hamster gets tangled in paper they can chew through it , but if they get tangled in cotton they ca n't . There ARE documented cases of pets chewing their own limbs off to get untangled . Again I encourage you to contact them yourself and ask.Since cotton ca n't be digested , when swallowed it can cause bowel impactions , which is basically death by constipation . Paper can be easily digested . Also , since hamsters use their cheek pouches to transport nesting material , it can cause cheek impactions as well , which can result in surgery or death.I 'm not going to write `` OMG DO N'T BUY THIS YOUR HAMSTER WILL DIE !!!! '' There are no guarantees that your hamster will EVER have a problem with this stuff . But really , what if it DOES have a problem ? What if your hamster gets tangled and chews its leg off , or swallows some of this stuff and dies a very painful , drawn-out death ? Do you really want to risk the `` what-ifs '' when there is a perfectly safe and vet-recommended product sitting in your bathroom ? Your hamster is not going to care one way or the other so long as it 's warm and cozy . So I suggest you save your money , protect your pet , and just not risk the fluff - go with the toilet tissue you 've already paid for !
 Hi . This product oxidizes fairly quickly even when kept in the fridge -LRB- changes color when the oxidation has occured -RRB- and the company indicates that this is a sign that it has expired . This is not my main concern . My main concern is the amount of the active ingredient , Zn . I think it is clear that Zn is antibacterial and would keep peridontal bacteria in check . However , since dogs swallow dental products , I think it prudent to question how much Zn is too much . Given the latest news stories concerning human poisoning with products containing Zn , I am fairly worried
 Unless you have a pet that loves terrible tasting medicine , do n't get this product . My cat , who suffers from gingivitis , ran everytime I got the bottle out . She gagged when I put it on her teeth . Nasty product . In addition , during the time I used it there was absolutely no change in the condition of her gums .
 My 8 month old Shi Tzu still eats her poop . I guess nothing works . I 've tried everything . The product does , in fact , alter the dogs smell and the smell of the poop . As far as the oder goes , I got it right away and it is just what I ordered .
 This did n't seem to work for my beagle . He has super bad breath and eats poop all the time . I 'm thinking there is no cure for him .
 I 've used this both last winter and the previous one because my Chihuahua does n't really care much for his boots . I have found , that even after `` globbing '' this stuff on , he will still lift his leg and let out a little screech in stinging pain from the salt . If that does n't break your heart I do n't know what will ! It also seems to come be worn off by the time we 're a only a block down the road ! Unfortunately , I think boots are the way to go . No questions asked . Perhaps if you live in a more rural area -LRB- not a city polluted with ridiculous amounts of salt -RRB- , this stuff may be a little more efficient .
 I needed to get something to protect my dogs paws from all of the saltthat is used in Chicago during the winter . A friend recommended Musher 's . I should have used vaseline instead , it 's a lot cheaper.Don ' t waste your money!I purchased Paw Wax Protector by 8 in 1 .
 I bought this as well as some boots for both snow and asphalt protection . I needed to protect my dog 's pads from getting tore up running on concrete and asphalt , and from snowballing in the snow and also from salt and ice.After applying this to his paws several times , there was no change in what happens when we go out in the snow . He still gets snow balling and pieces of hard ice -LRB- compacted snow -RRB- about walnut sized between his pads . He stops , lies down and tries to bite them off . I do n't see how this stuff could protect the pads from hard surfaces at all . It 's just a waxy cream that does n't form a thick layer at all . I fail to see the point.The boots on the other hand , work great . I bought summer boots rather than winter but the Vibram soles , nylon mesh and cordura boots with velcro closure strap work great in winter as well to prevent snowballing and protect the pads . Insulated winter boots might be better for a dog that spends long hours in the very cold but we 're just doing 1 hour at a time , couple times a day in 10 to 20F snow.I give it 2 stars because it was n't actually defective , just ineffective .
 or possibly likes it TOO much . I 've tried several times to apply and she licks it off ASAP , so I ca n't comment on how well it works -LRB- or does n't -RRB- She gives it 5 stars for taste though !
 I purchased this item to protect my 2 Yorkies feet from the snow and ice . They wo n't wear booties so I decided to try this . I will say I was disappointed in this product . They stated that the wax-based cream would dry quickly , which I did n't find to be accurate . Also , when I took my dogs outside -LRB- for even 5 minutes -RRB- , they seemed to be bothered by their feet . They still got snow and slush stuck between their pads and it did n't seem to protect them from the elements . I do n't know if I should have put more on them , but if I should have , it would 've been extremely difficult because of the consistency of this item . I would n't recommend this item .
 I ordered this product excited to see that it was all season protection even in hot climates . I have 3 dogs that i walk 4 miles a day on pavement and pads on one of their feet were getting thin and needed something to protect them , and why not add to all 3 dogs to prevent it from happening to them . Well i had each one lie down and applied 3 coats to their pads and had them stay down for ten minutes . When i let them up I had waxy paw prints all over the ground , glad i did this outside and not in my house ! Think when wax gets hot what does it do-melt of course , so they need to take the all year protection off the description . We do n't get snow very often here , but if it does I will try to put it on their paws then and see if it works then . So if u buy this do n't use it in warm or hot temperatures . Ca n't rate it on the cold weather .
 We bought this for our Wheaton to try and prevent the snowballs from forming in his pads . It did n't work . Within an hour of starting to snowshoe , we had to stop and get the snowballs out . We re-applied , filling his pads with the wax thinking that might be the trick , but by the time we got to the halfway point -LRB- another 30 min -RRB- , he had snowballs in his pads again . I do think the wax lessened the amount of snowballing , and they seemed a bit easier to get out , but we have decided to buy booties instead . Disappointed .
 I bought this product based on the overwhelming great reviews . But perhaps for my dog , it 's just not the right product . Here was my experience
 My dog seems to allergic to almost everything , so when I bought this I was a little weary , however we live at 8500 ft so I figured I should give it a try . I put it on her on our way out the door and I did n't notice her licking her paws . I thought it was okay and applied it again the next day . I did seem to work with the snow and ice.Two days later she was sick . Fever , lethargic , and diarrhea . I had to take her outside 9 times that night . I 've never seen her that sick even with all of her other allergies . Another two days later and she was still sick , then she started pooping blood . I freaked and took her to the vet . $ 200 later and the vet found nothing wrong , agreed that it was probably the wax , and gave her some antibiotics to prevent anything from causing an infection through her torn bowels.One week later and she is only half better . I know she will be okay , but I would never put this product on another dog . There are n't even ingredients listed on this stuff . Be careful .
 After reading previous reviews , this sounded like a great product . It is NOT !!! The winter salt is a killer to my dalmatian and I was looking for something other then boots to put on him , so we could go for walks on cold winter days . Once the temperature gets colder then 20 degrees , the salt really starts to bother him . Well , today we finally got a chance to use the the stuff . Went about 20 feet and he started hobbling from the salt . Turned around and went back inside . I let his paws dry and then I put on another layer . Once again , we only made it 20 feet and had to turn around . I knew this product sounded too good to be true .
 After reading the other reviews I was excited to try this . I have a 60lb lab mix who loves to run in the snow . Extreme cold temps and road salt made it painful . I 've tried this product a couple times and it did not work for my dog . First the product says it dries in a few minutes after applied . This did not dry and left greasy paw prints on my rug . Also , once out in the snow , it appeared the snow stuck to my dogs feet and he painfully picked up his feet more frequently . My latest attempt was a disaster . After walking on the street , the slushy grime , typical once snow starts to melt , mixed with the Musher 's Secret and formed a tar-like consistency stuck between my dogs toes . Wiping his feet did not remove it and only after several washings with Dawn dishwashing liquid did the grime come out . Unfortunately I now have black , greasy paw prints on my good rugs.Am I doing something wrong ? Any advice ?
 This review is for packaging only . I see that another customer experienced the same issue . Packaging is inadequate . The litter box was open and litter had spilled everywhere .
 I did not buy this litter on Amazon but rather at a local grocer . Let me tell you , this stuff clumps a little too well . My apartment was nice and odor free -LRB- yay ! -RRB- with this litter , but after a while my cat started acting funny . I took her to the Vet and it turns out she had ingested a bunch of this stuff and it was clogging her up ! I had the perfume kind -LRB- which has a very strong scent -RRB- and the cat liked the smell apparently and thought it was food or something . So , after giving her some laxatives , she continued to eat it . After this she acted normal , then suddenly dropped dead ! WITH CAT LITTER IN HER MOUTH . Now you tell me whats going on here !
 This stuff smells like perfume.The cat smells like perfume.The catbox smells like perfume.The room smells like perfume.And not a nice perfume.The smell is flowery and cloying , and I have no idea how it gets from the litter to the cat and ends up staying all day long . That is just weird . And freaks me out a bit ... Clumps nice , however.So , I think I am going to go for the unscented one from now on ...
 I gave this litter 2 stars for the clumping only . It does seem to clump much better than any other litters I have tried . That being said , I will never again buy this brand of cat litter . I normally order unscented , but I decided to try their scented version because the smell of cat litter dust makes me sick . So , with semi-high hopes , I poured the litter into the box and suddenly found myself in a giant dust cloud ! I could n't see . I could n't breathe . 99 % dust free ?! ha ! I feel like all cat litters that claim to be `` 99 % '' dust free should have an extra label saying you only have a 50 % chance of getting a box that is in fact 99 % dust free . I get that this is an issue with all brands , but at least the others do n't fill your entire home with dust fumes . All it takes is one of the cats using the box , and I can smell the dust from the other side of the house . That 's not good for me , and it 's certainly not good for my cats . I know that not all people react as badly to kitty litter dust as I do , but if you are one of those people , I would suggest avoiding Ever Clean . Also , there was NO perfume smell . I even double-checked the box to make sure it was the scented version . I guess the massive amount of dust overpowered it .
 We recently bought a box of Ever Clean Extra Strength Unscented Litter for Cats . We are sensitive to any scented product in our home . The litter had a chemical fragrance . I thought that I could handle just using the rest of the box . After a few day our cats and our bed smelled like the litter . Today when I was cooking there was a coating of cinnamon on the measuring spoon when I went to use it . I swiped it with my finger and ate it . The cinnamon on the spoon tasted like cat litter , two rooms away from the litter box . At this point I disposed of the litter , realizing that a fine dust of the fragrance had settled over everything in the house . I strongly recommend NOT getting this litter if you do n't want fragrance . I do n't appreciate the misleading label that says unscented .
 At first I loved this tank . I had an older 5 gal nano cube from a different company and I bought this to `` upgrade '' . I used the cube for saltwater for my two seahorses and some coral . It was the perfect size and would have been my favorite tank , had it worked.These animals/coral had lived for a few years in my 5 gal nano . Sadly , they lasted only three months in this new tank before they all died . The tanks had been running for four months , including the initial set up time/cycling of the new tank . I am an avid aquarist who has been raising livestock for several years , so trust me that I did all the normal maintenance you would normally do on a tank , including water changes , cleaning , water testing , etc. I found the root of the problem and the cause of the crash was the filter . The shaft that holds the propeller in the pump RUSTED and caused the pump to fail . Who designs a pump that RUSTS ????? Also , the design of the filter is flawed and I do n't feel it gets enough oxygen in the water . IF you are going to buy this tank for saltwater , use a different pump -LRB- one that is n't going to rust on you -RRB- and invest in a nano skimmer to increase the oxygen in the water.My friend had the same nano cube and his crashed after only two months . He does n't know the source of the problem , but I imagine it is the same situation.Also , the lid is designed and built really cheap . The front flip lid broke after one month of use.I imagine this will be just fine for freshwater since it is not as corrosive of an agent as saltwater and may take longer to rust the pump .
 You all think YOU have issues with the Nano Cube , ha , you have n't seen nothing yet . I got mine brand new , it took an hour to setup on the stand and fill with water , once i plugged in the lighting smoke and flames -LRB- no kidding -RRB- came out of the hood ! Not only that the ballast also had smoke billowing from it , so do n't talk to me about a rusty filter ! That is nothing compared to the Nano from Hell ! I have lost time , money and my sanity all do to this stupid tank . Oh wait , I forgot , the stand is just as bad because its the worst piece of furniture i have ever had the displeasure of trying to put together . This is the worst decision and investment we have made in all our aquarist years . Please notice that i am not allowed to rate less than 1 but this is a ------- 0 .
 I bought both a 14 '' and 6 '' jolly ball for my German Shepherd Dogs who love to herd . I was hoping for a toy less susceptible to chewing than a standard basketball . Although these balls are indestructible , pushing them caused both of my dogs to get bloody noses . Their muzzles were bleeding , they were bleeding from both nostrils , and were also bleeding from the mouth after only half an hour . They did n't appear to be pushing the balls that hard . It took a week for them to heal . Basketballs never caused any bleeding . Buyers , beware !
 The old jolly balls were made of a durable softer indestructible plastic , just like the jolly balls with handles are still made . The new round jolly ball is made of hard plastic . Charlie will miss his old jolly ball .
 Our German Shepherd has had hours of endless fun with this ball . We thought we had finally found a ball he would not damage beyond use . He figured out pretty quickly how to use the plug on top to get a grip to carry it , but still played pushing it too . However after 2 months , we have now realised that his bottom incisors have started to wear down past the enamel from his attempts to chew and carry it , and are greatly concerned that this is going to be a painful story in the future . It is all well and good to want an indestructible dog toy , but you will also need to get an indestructible dog !
 This product is made in China !! Do not buy !! It is in little print on bottom of label . I want to return these . Will NOT order from this company again !
 I have two cats and scoop every other day . Super scoop works better and traps odor better . Something about the Multicat just does n't clump together as well .
 I have two small kittens and this litter does n't hold up . Does n't block odor and makes a mess when the kittens exit the litter box . Particles are all over the outside of the litter box . Will never order again !!!!
 The product was received quickly and well wrapped . However , I am disappointed that this spray does not interest my cat in the least , though she does love catnip treats . I had hoped this scent would encourage her to use a scratching post , but she just shows no interest whatever after spraying it with this spray .
 Unfortunately , my two cats paid no attention to anything I sprayed with Super Catnip . They seem to prefer dried catnip .
 I used to use the EverClean Extra Strength unscented litter with the blue ribbon and loved it . I did not mind paying the high price because of the great performance I got from the litter in my multi cat household . We have 6 cats now but have had as many as ten in the past.This new packaging is a result of a new product . IT IS NOT THE SAME LITTER . It took EverClean customer service 6 months to finally tell me the truth . I had to keep emailing them asking about the original product . The final word came from Fresh Step Consumer services . -LSB- QUOTE -RSB- Thank you for contacting us . Unfortunately , our Ever Clean Premium Clumping Litter is no longer available . Although a great number of consumers enjoyed it as you did , the consumer demand was not substantial enough to warrant our continuing to market this product . -LSB- / QUOTE -RSB- This new litter is AWFUL . It does not hold its clumps so I have to throw out the entire box alot more offten , it can get really gooey and sticks to the pan , and worst of all is the huge amount of dust it produces . The amount of dust is no different , may be worse , then a cheap plain clay litter . I have a concern about the amount of sodium betonite that is in the dust . I do n't want my family or my cats inhaling it . It is also no longer truly unscented . The unscented boxes I have used in the past four months have perfume . I have used EverClean unscented litter for nearly 15 years . With this change they have lost me as a customer .
 I was disappointed in this litter . Although it is labeled `` unscented '' , there is a strong scent about it like soap or dryer sheets . The perfumed smell wafted into the air as soon as I put it in the litter box , and even after 2-3 days of use , that cloying scent continues to hover.The idiocy with which this was packed for shipping , furthermore , was just astounding . Amazon packed this large , dense , heavy box within a lighter weight box along with a small radio and a new , thin paper back I was purchasing . There was no protection to keep the litter from bumping into the other items except two twisted sheets of brown paper stuffed alongside the litter . Not only that , the box of litter was either cut or split in transit . -LRB- The lightweight outer box was damaged from having this 25lb-weight shifting about within it . -RRB- The litter dust spread over the other items . The radio came boxed and the dust did n't seem to have penetrated into the radio itself . The book , on the other hand , was loose and un-shrink-wrapped . I had to wipe the dust not only off the front and back covers , but the pages themselves.Finally , take note that this is clumping litter . There is concern over clumping litters being a hazard if cats accidentally ingest it , and I had intended to get the non-clumping variety . Unfortunately I did n't realize this was clumping till it had been used and I found the `` clumps . '' I had somehow missed seeing its advertising for `` Maximum Clumping Power '' . The box itself does not highlight the fact that it is a clumping variety , although I now see the word `` scoopable '' does appear in small white print at the bottom of the face of the package .
 This stuff is about the same quality as the stuff you 'd find in a grocery store that 's less than half the price . I have used Fresh Step for a long time , but decided to give this brand a shot and I 'm sorry I did . The clumps did not stay together very well , and it was incredibly dusty . Not sure if it 's related but my cat got an eye infection a week or two after starting this product . I 'm going back to Fresh Step .
 For some reason my local Petco store has not stocked this particular variety of Ever Clean cat litter . So once again , I had to resort to ordering my cat litter from Amazon.I 've ordered two 25-pound boxes of the extra strength unscented liter . Both boxes arrived with the opening pried open and leaking litter.The first box was delivered inside the UPS shipping box and leaked litter all over my walkway.When the second box was delivered , the driver had apparently removed the shipping box and taped up the opening in the Ever Clean box.As for the litter itself , there was n't much lost and the litter works well , but something is going on in the delivery system . Someone is tampering with the boxes and this is very annoying .
 I read the reviews ... really ???? The `` unscented '' litter is not unscented . Frankly , I do n't need my cat 's butt to smell like a flower , which is why I buy unscented litter . Also , stand a few feet back when you pour it in the pan - the huge dust cloud could choke you . Never again will I buy this litter .
 They sent me an open box , which then spilled all over the ups box that was also damaged ! the ups guy managed to dump the litter all over my apartment building , and I had to spend hours cleaning . I will never be ordering from Amazon again ?
 Not a great product , IMO . I decided to give this a try when I was running low my regular product , Probiotic Miracle , and it was a mistake.My dogs have a penchant for eating cat feces , and there are many stray cats in our neighborhood . On occasion they will get into something exceptionally noxious that gives them diarrhea . I used to deal with runny stools fairly frequently , usually outside the house , but , unfortunately , sometimes inside it . However , during the two years of using Probiotic Miracle exclusively they did not have one bout of diarrhea , even though they were still getting into stuff . They would have a soft stool once in a while , but no accidents and no mess.But after using this stuff for only two months , yesterday I came home to my old nightmare
 I 'm not sure if I need to use this for longer , but so far -LRB- 1.5 weeks -RRB- into using this product I have not seen an improvement in my cats bowel movements . He still has extremely stinky poo and it is still more runny than normal . I will keep trying it for another week or so and then get something else . If anyone has any suggestions , let me know!Thank you ,
 I sprinkle a little of this on their food and they wo n't eat . I looks like flour in the bottle . It makes a gross gooey mess on the inside of the bowls . Many great reviews for this was the reason I purchased but my cats -LRB- 3 of them -RRB- do n't like it . I use FortiFlora and they gobble that right up .
 Purchased this product for my 2 year old Maine Coon Cat . He has signs of digestive upset such as gas , burping and super smelly stools . He has always been like this since kittenhood regardless of the type of food given . It was hoped that the probiotic enzymes might relieve these symptoms or at least make the litterbox smell better . Unfortunately this product made him very constipated . Needless to say , I ceased using this product . The seller of this product was understanding and refunded my purchase . Maybe it works great for dogs , but not cats ?
 I did n't feel like the product was working as well as it should have.Too bad , after all the positive reviews i wanted this product to work . We have used thePurina Veterinary Diets Fortiflora Canine , 30 Sachets Per Boxbefore and that has worked well.Because of the higher price of both of these i switched toVetri-Mega Probiotic -LRB- 120 Caps -RRB- and they have been working great , and less mess to boot because they come in capsule form that i just drop in his food -LRB- he is a lab and has n't minded the taste of any of the probiotics he has ever had , whether it be the powder or a capsule -RRB- . At least i found an option that works better and is cheaper as well for my dog . Try the Vetri-Mega first and see .
 I 've used this product on and off for over a year . Every time I use it again , on my vet 's suggestion , within 12 hours my dog 's stools will become hard , difficult to pass and even chalky . My vet sells this product and refuses to listen to my complaints , but after trying it over 20 times and seeing the same results , severe constipation , I 'm no longer using it .
 I gave this to my two mixed breed dogs and two cats . It made one of my cats throw up every day I gave it to her and one of my dogs threw up after every meal I gave it to her as well . My other dog did not physically get sick -LRB- that I saw -RRB- but he was coughing and hacking a lot which is very unlike him . I contacted Amazon and I 'm returning for a refund .
 My dog did not care for this powder at all and his stools actually became loose from it . I guess he did n't need it . I was hoping it would help his itchy skin and ears . Guess I will keep searching for an answer to his allergies .
 I purchased this product for a 10 gal tank a friend gave me in order to upgrade from a 5 gal Hex system -LRB- that I absoutely love -RRB- , so my fish would have more room . Right out of the box this thing drove me nuts . I went from an aquarium that I could see and not hear to one that I can hear all the way upstairs ! It 's worse when the lid is on . Not only that , but the intake valve is so short that when debris is `` sucked up '' toward it , the water flow pushes it right back down and away from the valve . It does n't even reach half-way to the bottom of the tank when extended . I 've already contacted the manufacturer since it 's supposed to have a `` lifetime warranty . '' I want my $ back & I am holding the people who designed this catastrophe responsible . DO NOT BUY this product .
 My first Elite Hush 10 that came with my aquarium setup years ago was a fine power filter and I liked it just fine , did just what it was supposed to do . However , several years later when the first one died , I purchased my first replacement power filter , another Hush 10 , and this one is n't but just a few months old and it makes a tremendous amount of motor noise for such a small filter , able to hear it a couple of rooms away if all else is quiet ! I purchased a 3rd Hush 10 power filter , assuming my 2nd one was just a fluke , but the 3rd Hush 10 was 85 % as loud as the one I was replacing right out of the box ! 2 out of 3 of these Hush 10 's have been a flop , I 'm on the hunt for something else that 's quieter !
 I have two PRECIOUS great danes , 7 and 10 years old . Cod liver oil has been great for them , but it is expensive . I thought this time I 'd try this brand since it was so much cheaper and it said it was 100 % Norwegian , which I 've heard is the best . The pure Cod Liver Oil I had been getting smelled fishy -LRB- was unflavored Nordic Naturals `` Pet Cod Liver Oil '' -RRB- which I would assume is how all REAL cod liver oil smells , but this stuff smells like castor oil , and when you refrigerate it , it becomes a semi solid which you have to wiggle out with a butter knife . The kind we are used to , the Nordic Naturals , needs to be refrigerated too , and unlike this product , it pours out smoothly and retains its consistency ... and it smells good and fishy like my precious angels like it !
 Did not fit seemed too heavy as a cover it made me nervous ... I just used a towel over top
 I bought this for my 16lb beagle & her crate for her 12 + hour trans-pacific flight . I ended up returning this as it was way too big for her crate . I measured her crate & went with the one that stated was between her crate measurements . We received it promptly , but I could 've put another 1/2 crate in there it was so big ! Very disappointing . We had ordered the medium sized cover & were unable to locate a small size even though her crate is n't small . She made the flight just fine , luckily we were moving overseas in May & had no restrictions on weather or she may have had to stay .
 I never received this kennel jacket due to a shipping problem . By the time the shipping error was detected and I was informed I would have to reorder the kennel jacket the price had increased by more than double the original `` purchase '' price . Therefore , my star rating is not a reflection of the product itself but of my frustration with shipping and severe price increase .
 Missleading on the size . Does not fit all models of kennels-crates . Should have some type of size chart in the description .
 The covers were to small for the airline sized crates I use for my Akitas . Wish they had made bigger ones
 My late dog , Luke , had one that slid on to his collar . This velcros on and falls off . Very disappointed ... oh well live and learn . I tend to suffer from the disease of perfectionism .
 This item may look plush in the picture , but it 's very thin and very cheap - would n't keep your pet warm in a cool breeze , let alone a cold wind .
 I was unable to use the Sulfa Derm . It gave my dog terrible diarrhea , she could not tolerate the product .
 Like others have mentioned , you will get 100 bands , not 500 as pictured . The price is outrageous for 100 bands . I ordered twice and got 100 each time . Clearly , not just a mistake . Beware of this seller !!
 I had to order twice , and steel I am getting only 100 units . I ` m trying foer third tyme to see how it goes ...
 These bands were a little to big for the amount of hair my dog has . . she is very small -LRB- 5 lbs -RRB- and we do n't let her hair grow too long , so it took to many times to wrap around for my liking
 These did not work on my Maltese at all . I would not recommend this product for a white dog . It might work on a multi colored dog , but I do n't think so . These wipes did n't work any better then using warm water , and I used them loyally .
 I purchased the EyePads Herbal Tearstain Remover and was very disapointed . It did n't improve the tearstains one bit . Do n't waste your money on this product . I wish I could find something that actually works .
 Never got to try product in water so ca n't comment on that . Used the product to play fetch but it did n't last . My dog managed to break pieces off while playing fetch and he is not a chewer . Do not recommend .
 I have a Welsh Corgi that seems to chew through every harness we have bought for her . Yep , this one lasted almost 30 minutes . If you have a dog that likes to chew I do n't recommend this one . It is made well and looks nice but not worth the money when they only last a few minutes .
 These treats smell very differently from others that I purchased and they are expiring in early January , which the seller did not disclose . I am throwing these in the trash and will not risk these on my dogs . I guess you get what you pay for .
 I purchased several kinds of these treats from the same company in hopes that the dogs would like at least one . Unfortunately , they did n't like any of them and I wound up tossing out $ 35 worth of treats . As all dogs have their own favorite foods , I cant really blame the Zuke products . BUT , it would really be better if they offered a `` sampler '' of their products in very small amounts so that you could test them on your dogs without spending a lot of money , and then possibly tossing it all out .
 My girls , a year-old mini Dachshund and an 8-year-old Papillion-mix , love all things chicken . -LRB- They literally turn their noses up at most beef-based treats ! -RRB- They already love Zuke 's chicken mini naturals , so I expected them to go wild for these z-filets . Nothing doing . I am not too impressed myself . Compared to the product description , `` basted chicken filet '' , what we received just does n't match up . I expected something chewier , textured , meatier , and tougher . What I found was n't a `` filet '' which implies whole-cut , but a soft `` patty '' a pressed ground bits . If I did n't know better , I 'd think it was veggie-based ! I should have read the reviews first , though I thought I could rely on the official product description and the overall excellent reviews.These treats are described as `` ridged '' to help `` naturally clean dogs teeth and gums '' , to promote healthy oral hygiene . But what I received in the package -LRB- which looks just like the package depicted -RRB- is a thin , flat , and very soft which could n't help clean teeth , especially when they are n't very chewy . Which does n't matter anyway , since my snooty dogs wo n't eat them.I suspect their reticence has to do with the strong garlic smell coming off the patties . I think it stinks , but that 's never stopped dogs from eating things before ! I even expected them to perhaps think I was giving them `` people food '' since our food is highly seasoned . They did n't buy it . It 's likely not chicken-y enough for them . Who can tell.I wo n't stop ordering Zuke 's products , but I will be careful to read how reviewers describe them as opposed to promotional copy .
 There were exactly 8 treats in the bag I bought ... that 's almost $ 1 per treat ! Sure , my dog loved them , but that 's way too much to pay for dog treats . I expected the package to contain more .
 Shortly after I wrote my first review I received a phone call from D.J. at E-Pets Galore . We had , what I thought , was a very pleasant conversation . She apologized that I did not receive the correct items I had ordered . D.J. told me that I would receive the items I had originally ordered at the latest by the end of the following week after our conversation . She explained to me that it would not be worth it to send back the items I received in error . I told her I would donate them to a local Animal Rescue compliments of E-Pets Galore . Which I did . I was very happy that D.J. had taken the time to contact me . Our conversation had gone so well that I had decided I would do business with E Pets Galore in the future . I trusted her words . I told D.J. that I would edit my orignal review at amazon once I received the correct items.It is now 21/2 weeks later and I still have not received the items that I had originally ordered and that D.J said I would receive by at the latest the end of last week , April 3 , 2009 . I have left two messages for her and have not received a return call.Since I have already donated the 25 items to a local Animal Rescue , based on trusting and believing what D.J. said , I have financially lost $ 91.49 . The one positive from this awful experience with E-Pets Galore , is that some Animals in need will have some treats that otherwise they would not have had.I am very sad that this experience has turned out this way , Fran B.
 I thought the chicken was going to be hard like chicken jerky , but instead it is completely different . The chicken is very soggy , flimsy , and smells terribly bad . Plus they should change the picture for the chicken flavor , because that 's not the correct bag . In the picture the chicken looks hard and tasty , But when I received this it looks completely different . I got this for my Pomeranian , but he despises it . But he likes other chicken treats that look like the one in the picture . If you think your dog likes chicken flavored treats do n't get him/her this one . I am rating the product on the way they display it . Not on the actual treat because Pomeranian 's are picky . Just get this . -LRB- Dogswell Vitality for Dogs -RRB- . If you think their to big then break them into smaller pieces . It may be more expensive , but it 's a whole lot better.I contacted Zukes and they said the pictures that amazon shows are old and not updated . They told me they are supposed to be this way , but no biggie because they send me 2 replacement bags and samples of the prime venison strips , very berryz , and mean greenz dog treats . My dog likes all of the samples but not the chicken still . Get the Venison instead of the chicken . Much better . Excellent service !
 Not worth the money . I received 7 small treats . There are many more quality treats out there for your money-many more . Look around . Would n't even consider purchasing again .
 I 've purchased this product at pet stores before and the filets are moist and have a nice texture . I recently opened my filets and they were dry and stale even though the expiration date states April 2013 . I recommend you purchase at a local store so you can return if you have a similar issue .
 I ordered the ranch flavor and when I received them they had a sell by date of September of 2008 !!!
 I recently purchased this product . I bought it because it seemed to be eco-friendly , healthy for my cat , and claimed to be clumping litter and odor-free . It is ANYTHING but . I have experimented with many types of litter . Being in graduate school and broke , I tend to buy clay-based litter because it 's cheaper . The grocery store in my neighborhood had this product on sale , so I figured I 'd give it a whirl . NEVER AGAIN . The litter does not clump as well as other litters , if at all . It clumps into tiny balls making it almost impossible to remove from the clean litter . Also , the STENCH coming from the litter box is repulsive . I have to hold my breath when I clean it . Granted , litter boxes typically are n't something I want to sit next to , but the entire first floor of my house smells disgusting thanks to this litter . I have never had such a problem with litter before . I will never EVER purchase this product again . I 'm in the process of requesting a refund from the manufacturer .
 This is THE worst cat litter I have ever tried and I have tried many over the years . The clumps are soggy and fall apart easily , the litter goes right to the bottom of the pan , regardless of the depth of the litter , there is very little help with ammonia odour from the urine , the litter itself stinks , it is very expensive , and my cats hated this product when they 've always accepted any change in their litter substrate . This product is awful and as a veterinarian I will never , ever recommend it to my clients .
 I think this wheatSwheat Scoop Natural Wheat Cat Litter Bag , 40-Poundlitter idea is great but today I did find lots of little mealworms climbing on the outside of the litter box ... then i came to read reviews to see if anyone else had experience and found that indeed its a problem ... i got rid of all wheatscoop and bleached all litterboxes and bathroom areas ... going back to clay because less expensive and that was really really really gross ... sorry but i have never had mealworms in any food that i know of , that was gross and no matter how it happens the company should fix it , the bag if necessary ... going to find their website and complain too ... from online research i do not think they can spread to your bed or other furniture items but could infest your other food products . . yuck , i really dislike it when companies sell a product they know has a problem that they expect the consumer to deal with or fix -- what 's my incentive when i spend the money why do i have to be aware or deal with product problems , where is consumer or customer service from wheatscoop who ought to jump up and fix the issue if it wants people to buy -- no thanks after the worms i just had to wipe up with bleach -- uggghhhhh i am traumatized !!!
 Not at all happy with this product . Although it controls odors well , urine clumps turn into a gooey , sticky mess that is near impossible to scrape off the bottom of the litter box . Worse than that , the litter frequently comes infested with moth larvae . I thought I got unlucky with the first box so I threw it out and decided to try another , from a different pet store . No luck - the second box was also infested with larvae , which , within a few days of pouring the litter into the box , had crawled up the walls , incubated and turned into moths . I 'll never buy this product again .
 I had used this litter on and off for a couple years without any real problems , like a lot of other reviewers . But - like several others - I have had insects come out of a box I have purchased . They are very small , white , and look like dust . But when you look closely , you see that the dust is moving and is actually alive ! I first noticed them on the edges of one of the litter pans , so I dumped the litter and bleached the pan . I did n't suspect the insects were coming from the litter itself , so I refilled the pan with the Swheat Scoop . After a day or so , the bugs had spread to the other litter pans , and then I saw that they had spread to the floor because they were on the litter that the cats had kicked out onto the ground . They even spread to detergent bottles that had been set on the floor and were on the trash can and in the vacuum ! Bleach , insecticide spray , soap ... nothing worked ! I had to hire a professional exterminator . He discovered that the source was indeed the Swheat Scoop because he checked the box that I had been using and found eggs and insects inside . He said they were a type of pantry pest that was feeding on the wheat.So - bottom line
 I 've been using SWheat Scoop for almost year and thought great product . . until I started noticing tiny black bugs infesting flooring around the litter box . Took a while to realize bugs connected to the Swheat Scoop . I tried removing the BOX and keeping litter in air tight container but found More Bugs . So I examined the litter and its well , Littered w / tiny BUGS . This is n't one box . . its several months of boxes.I am alerting the pet store but likely the Litter is infected . You would n't notice these bugs unless sweep them onto white background . Gross ... switching litter immediately -LRB- have no idea to what -RRB- . good luck .
 I like to take good care of my cats -- I feed them organic food and I do n't like the dust from regular kitty liter getting in their lungs so I tried this . I found it to be terrible ! It does n't clump at all -- just turns to a globby mess and it seems to hold the odor . I think I 'm even going to have to replace the litter boxes entirely because I ca n't really get them clean after using this just once . I would love to find something natural but this just does n't work at all .
 It 's litter . Cat 's will use it . But really , are you sure you want them to ? 1 -RRB- No odor control .2 -RRB- Creates an ungodly odor when mixed with cat urine . I would go so far as to say it 's vomit inducing .3 -RRB- It sticks to the bottom of the box so that you 're `` going at it '' at every angle to scoop it off the bottom . I have some sturdy scoops - they 've held but but we 've worked at it together to clean that box .4 -RRB- Gooey sticky clumps .5 -RRB- Too light that it just flies across the room - tracking it everywhere in the houseYes , it 's environmentally friendly . As we were trying to transition to this -LRB- and we 've used it for about 3 months now -RRB- we recently purchased clay litter again ... we have 5 boxes in our house -LRB- yes , insane , I know -RRB- 3 in the unfinished basement and two on our main level . There are 2 out of 5 boxes with clay ... . they 're the ONLY boxes the cats are using.I agree with them . Once the litter 's used , it 's gone !
 Stay away from this product . At first it seemed to be working really great . Then I noticed some movement in the litter bin and I am not refering to BM -RRB- and discovered it had a nice colony of mealy worms . Eventually we had a moth problem throughout the house . Swheat scoop folks really did n't have a solution but also did not deny that the litter was the problem .
 I tried this litter hoping to find a natural alternative to my current clay litter . It has a nice consistency but it 's fairly dusty . After it 's used , the urine sticks to the bottom of the litter pan so much that I really struggled to clean the litterbox ! Feces were barely covered up and the odor control is non-existent . In fact , after one day of use , there was a strange sour smell that filled the room from this litter . This was even after the box was clean . I had just tried a pine litter which worked great for odor control but the urine did n't clump as hard . I will be trying World 's Best litter next and definitely wo n't buy this again .
 With a new wood floor , we 're especially sensitive toward litter that tracks . Thus far , this has been the worst . Even with all the matts we have around the litter box , it tracks EVERYWHERE . And its terribly dusty .
 It 's great in theory , but the clumps fall apart too easily . Not worth the hassle if you want a litter that clumps and stays clumped .
 This is the worst cat litter I 've ever used . It left a mess , both on my floor and into the other room . The dust was everywhere ! Whenever my cat did his evening constitutional , I could smell it on the second floor ! Uuuuugggghhh ! I have discovered that Cat Country -LRB- wheat pellets -RRB- works 150 % better .
 My wife and I have used this product for some time now . When it first came out , they claimed no dust . Well , there was always dust , but because it was natural and scooped , we decided to keep using it . This was a big mistake . This litter tracks all over the house and has ruined 2 vacuum cleaners because the dust is so fine it bypasses the bag and enters / cloggs the motor mechanisms.We have 3 cats that all are suffering terribly from respiratory issues caused by the dust from this litter . If you do n't believe that there 's dust , as some of the reviews have claimed , then just simply OPEN YOUR BLINDS on your windows , allow the sunlight to come into the room / the boxes you 're scooping , and then scoop it , or move it around in the box . You wo n't believe the huge amount of micro-fine dust that billows out of the boxes . You ca n't see these `` dusts '' in standard interior light , but if the sun is bright enough shining through the window , it 's amazing how far up this stuff travels . Imagine being inside a box , scratching away @ this litter , and breathing in all that dust . No wonder why our cats always appear sick.Google Swheat Litter and respiratory issues and you 'll find others who 've had the same problem . I 've caused my cats enough grief , and we 're switching to something better.EDIT : I 'm editing my review without changing anything written above , as I 've read more of the other reviews posted here about how `` wonderful '' this cat litter is . I need to reiterate my thoughts , so whomever buys this product gets to make a better `` educated decison '' for themselves on how `` wonderful '' it is ... based upon factual evidence that they can create and see for themselves , and not just go by some BS review of praise . Yeah , it clumps , and it saves money , but there 's more to it than that.Buy a bag or box or whatever size you like of the litter . Put it in a cat box , and let it sit for a day , hour , week ... . it does n't matter . OPEN YOUR BLINDS ON YOUR WINDOW AND SHAKE THE BOX IN THE SUNLIGHT ! Move it around with a SCOOP ! do whatever it takes to make the stuff move around in the box , short of throwing it around . WATCH THE DUST BILLOW UPWARDS like a cloud rising up from a fire . You wo n't believe it . These particles are so `` micro-fine '' that they lift upwards and into your face as you 're scooping . Now imagine how your cat is doing , being right in there in that dust . You ca n't see the dust , as it 's too fine , unless you move it around in sunlight . You 'll be horrified at how much it just billows up out of the box.After trying this `` test '' , you can now make your own decision based upon your results that you see before you . Personally , I 'm tired of constantly bringing my cats to the vet for respiratory problems . They 're indoor cats that are n't exposed anything but this litter . Since we switched to a `` pine pellet '' type , our house has stayed clean , and our cats are back to breathing normally . Id never use the swheatlitter again.Nuff said .
 Loved the name , loved the concept . I tried this for several months , but I finally switched to Nature 's Miracle.Here 's why I switched :1 -RRB- Hardened clumps impossible to get out of box-even used screwdrived as chisel -LRB- old-fashioned wheat paste is glue for a reason-it works -RRB- 2 -RRB- Strange fermenting dough smell if box not thoroughly cleaned daily3 -RRB- Large Dough clumps clog toilet when flushed even if waiting until softened .4 -RRB- IF not flushed , still fairly heavy to take out .5 -RRB- This product appears identical to the wheat germ in my kitchen-my cats would eat it on occasion when it was fresh . I decided that I did n't feel comfortable with the idea that my cats were possibly urinating into food-grade grains when there are starving people all over the world
 This cat litter is very delicious food for cockroaches . It invited these nasty creatures from all of my neighbors and they turned our litter box into a feasting/breeding ground . Apparently , wheat -LRB- which is the main ingredient in `` Swheat Scoop '' -RRB- is something that crawlers can eat , so , if you like animals that much - go for it ! My cat seems to enjoy his new company ... something to play with : -RRB-
 I have used World 's Greatest Litter for a couple years , and saw this on the shelves . So I decided to try it . Here was the result :1 . Swheat Scoop is cheaper than World 's Greatest2 . Swheat Scoop is more fun to say .3 . Swheat Scoop is less dusty than World 's GreatestNow for the bad part :1 . I am very allergic to the dust Swheat Scoop causes2 . The clumping sticks like glue to the bottom of the box , no matter how deep I filled it .3 . The instructions on how to use it were in the bottom of the bag , which did n't halp until I 'd already used most of it .4 . The litter tracks much worse than World 's Greatest , since the clumps are harder , they stick between paws easier , and are transported to all areas of the house .5 . The litter is harder , so when you step on a tiny clump with bare feet , it hurts more . Only thing more painful is Litter Pearls.So overall , I am not impressed . Your mileage may vary .
 Because this litter is a wheat product , it attracts meal bugs . My bag actually came with the bugs in it - when I opened the bag , left it in the bathroom , and came back a few hours later , the bugs were crawling out of the bag and up the wall . I have done everything to eliminate the bugs . Naturally I disposed of every crumb of Swheat Scoop . But once you have these in your house , it is very difficult to get rid of them permanently , due to the life cycle of meal bugs . You think you 've eliminated them , and then a few months later , they 're back . Do not buy this product , even if you think it works great as a cat litter . You run the risk of being plagued by bugs forever .
 I tried and tried to like this product , as I despise the clay based toxicity of most kitty litters , but there is one `` con '' that outweighs every `` pro ''
 Holy Mother of God.I experienced this affront to all five senses via my girlfriend , who had , admirably , attempted to use an enviro-friendly product to collect her cat 's bodily excretions . While it may or may not be friendly to the outdoors , it fails horrifically as a cat litter .1 . Clumping . If , by `` clumping , '' you mean `` forms a heavy , dough-like glutenous paste , '' you have found your litter . The back of the box , where Calvin piddles , was instantly and constantly filled with a reeking , lava like mudslide , of such dense and sticky consistency that it was nearly impenetrable to a standard scoop , and clung tenaciously to the wall of the box . It was like making a modeling clay from heavy sand , flour , and corn syrup . Two scoops valiantly gave their lives trying to pry this nightmare from it 's perch .2 . Odor . Now , let 's establish something . I have a high tolerance for messes . I 've worked in food service , hauling Summer-ripened bags of trash , half food waste , half cashew-sized maggots , dribbling their secretions across the floor , me , and anyone unfortunate enough to get near , for a period of years . Not my fondest memories , but I dealt , heck , I got a kick laughing at my fellow employees if their constitution prevented them from lending a hand.That said , this product generates a hellish stench . The box was scooped daily , or nearly so . I have no idea how the cat stayed in their long enough to commit his excretory functions . The smell of urine and ammonia battered my nose like a pro boxer built from pee . Of course , given the sludgy consistency -LRB- see # 1 -RRB- , I was doomed to enjoy this assault for several minutes at an eye-watering stretch.The pee smell , however , was only the tip of the stinky iceberg.Ever gotten sick from over-eating , or maybe a plate of food gone bad ? Say , for example , lobster . Dinner 's over , you 're thinking `` mmm , tasty , butter-soaked , sweet lobster meat , '' when suddenly , your entire digestive tract is pummeled by several MMA expert bacteria strains , and you spend four hours in the bathroom , as your stomach competes with your large intestine in a race to wring out to total vacancy . The worst part
 Pros : * Very , very cheap * May be healthier than clay-based * Not a bad odorCons : * Clumps are VERY difficult to remove from the sides and bottom of box * I found white dust everywhere within 5 feet of the box , including on top of the refrigerator , and on pots and pans above the refrigeratorI started using this to get away from the possibly harmful clay dust . I was pleased with how cheap it is . That helped me overlook the fact that it was a workout to get the clumps out . But after a year of use , I could no longer overlook the extremely fine white dust that was accumulating on my peanut butter jars on top of the refrigerator . I am now using World 's Best , which is more expensive , but worrth it . Buy it from Amazon or PetfoodDirect .
 One of my rabbits found the swheat scoop irresistable to eat and an impacted stomach has resulted with my rabbit now being in the hospital for the last few days , with this litter impaction located in her stomach . Subsequently I found out on a quick web search that there is information on this product and its detriment to rabbits , on the HRS , house rabbit society website , as well as several other online locations . I 'm certain this product is great for cats however , and I would continue to use it for my cat if I did n't have rabbits .
 I had to give this cat litter 1 star because of the HORRIBLE OVERPOWERING ammonia smell ! OMG ! I can barely clean it without wearing a face mask . My whole condo smells of the strong cat urine it 's horrible ! My eyes were watering and my nose was burning . I cleaned out the box almost every single day . Did n't have too many issues with the litter sticking to the box . It does stick , but I got it all up pretty easily . However , after just a few days the smell started . In less than a week it was so bad I had to dump out the whole box . This has happened 3 times now and I 've tried adding other products such as baking soda and other cat deodorizers . I have n't had problems with bugs , mice or anything like that . Have n't noticed any dust . The cats do track it everywhere all over the house . I even found some in my bedroom down the hall this morning . I have to vacuum pretty much every day . If anyone has any advice for the horrible smell I would appreciate it ! I am just desperately trying to make it through the bag right now so I can move on to something else ! I am loving that I do n't smell the poo at all , just the horrible urine which is now officially 100X worse ! I 'd rather smell the poo again ! UGH !
 I purchased this bowl for my very small puppy 4.2 lbs who loves to dig in her water bowl . I really thought it was going to be much smaller . It took her all of five minutes to make a huge mess . The bowl now sit on top of my refigerator . Maybe if you have a larger dog or a smaller bowl would be great .
 My cat is still able to splash water from this bowl . However it does not splash so far as it did with regular bowls . Also , my cat is able to totally tip this bowl upside-down . Not good .
 I bought this for my cat who likes to play with water , food , litter , you name it . I was extremely hopeful but it took her all of 2 minutes to flip this thing over and send water flying everywhere . If you have a calm pet and this was for a car or RV or whatever , I 'm sure it would be fine . But if it 's for a pet like mine , then this is definitely NOT a non-spill water bowl ... I 'm either going to try adding velcro on the bottom of the bowl or find something heavy to put this in so she ca n't flip it over . Either way , it would be a lot more useful if this `` non-spill '' water bowl was weighted in some way .
 It was smaller and less substantial than I expected . Would be good for travel or a small dog
 I bought this for my puppy who was splashing the water from her normal water bowl.She can still get at least one paw in the Water Hole and splash , then she sticks her whole head into it and wears it like a helmet.I found a ceramic bowl which the top will fit on , so she will still be able to splash some , but it is too heavy for her to push around , roll around and wear .
 If you have small to medium dog breeds , this is ideal . . but i have a lab , & bowl doesnt hold enuf water . . she still splashed water allover .
 Everyone loves this dish so I thought it would be great for my shih tzu . A few weeks ago he suddenly refused to drink out of his water bottle . A check up at the vet said his kidneys are fine so I am forced to switch to a water dish . The reviews on amazon rave about how this dish keeps a dogs beard and face dry . However , I just got it and after drinking the first time his face and beard still came up sopping wet . He is only 12 pounds so maybe this dish is just better for bigger dogs ; I do n't know .
 I only bought this because the breeder where I bought my cat said she would n't eat anything else . I 'm surprised my cat did n't starve to death , because she would n't touch this stuff , nor would my other cat . I donated it to the Humane Society .
 The product never arrived to my home . I contacted the seller and they claimed they had shipped it . After several days they realized that the glass jug that contained the product had broken in transit and they were not able to ship a new item to me . The item was on back order . I was unable to wait for a new shipment . They refunded my payment to me . I do not recommend ordering anything that could possibly be breakable or is in a glass container .
 I did n't get what picture and ingredients showed . So I went to Pet store to rebuy My dog 's treats . They did n't have duck potato lg size without hickory smoke either.the pet store was told the packaging would change . Picture very deceiving and Hickory Smoke flavor was NOT included in description nor size change . So Yes I was and am kind of disapointed . I may buy them again . I do n't knowthank you Peggy W.Actually they turned out to be good . My new little chihuahua mix pup loves them and my sweet Jeffery who has passed away loved them . review from 2 stars to 5 stars .
 Terrible shipping from this seller . Food came unboxed , bags ripped . But thats not why I am rating it a one star . The food made my dog throw up , and caused diarrhea . 3 Vet visits because we could n't figure out what was wrong . When I changed the food to Royal , within 2-3 days my german shepherd was feeling much better . Would not recommend . I now have one full bag , and 3/4 of another bag sitting in my kitchen as dead weight .
 Another recall ? I will never buy their crappy food again ! Our pets deserve better than this . Seriously , this is ridiculous ...
 I just bought this brand of dog food for the first time because I was trying to find a cost effective quality food for my dogs . Not a week after it arrived , I hear on the radio that they have had to recall because people not pets were getting salmonella poisoning from handling the food . Thankfully my wife and I were able to avoid that unnecessary risk to our health !!! Now I had to waste my precious time to get the food out of my house and fill out their recall paperwork . Fail .
 Amazon Notified me Diamond Naturals was being recalled due to Salmonella in the Food . Great , I 'm glad they told us ; yes , a month after we bought the food , but luckily , our dog has n't gotten to it yet . Diamond Naturals says they will give you a replacement Coupon if you mail them the UPC code off the bag . But what if you do like us , and always dump the food into an airtight container to keep vermin out ? Presto-Chango ! NO UPC CODE . And What do you do if you also Mix your food with another -LRB- higher end -RRB- brand ? There 's 60 bucks worth of dog food there that we now have to throw out . Fantastic . What do you do ? Well you contact Diamond Naturals , tell them exactly that , and they respond , by saying `` If you do n't have the Bag , when in doubt , throw the food out . Since we value you as a customer , we 're going to give a coupon for more Diamond Naturals , Just cut the UPC code off the Bag and send it to us . '' ... Really ? Hellooooo ? Testing ... is this thing on ? So you email them back , pointing out again , that it 's not possible to send them something you do n't have , and again asking ... `` Hey , what about the other food that 's ruined too ? I have the record of buying them both on the same day from Amazon . '' What happens next ? Apparently Nothing , No Response , Zip . So , You dump the food in the trash , scrub out the container , and his food bowl just in case , and belly-ache about it here . And end up at Pets-Mart buying a different brand and hoping your dog does n't get the runs because of the sudden change .
 After feeding my dog IAMS chicken naturals for several months , I felt that it was time for a change to what I thought was better , less manufactured dog food . It is safe to say that my dog does not like this food one bit . She will eat my friend 's dog food -LRB- which is Blue Mountain brand -RRB- but will only eat the Diamond Naturals unenthusiastically after what seems like days of letting the food just sit there . I also noticed that her coat lost much of its shine and lustre over the weeks that I was feeding her this food . I understand every dog is different but my dog is a Basenji-mix and I wanted to bring this to the attention of other Basenji owners . I thought I would be getting good quality food judging by the reviews but unfortunately this was not the case . I bought Nutro Ultra instead and she eats it immediately and seems to love it ! Buy at your own risk .
 This brand killed my 8 year old dog . he suffered a lot . The bag was contamined with Salmonella ! DO NOT BUY THIS BRAND , AS THIS IS A DANGEROUS COMPANY !
 my dog has food allergies and sensetive to food . the price was great for lamb but it makes my dog itch terrible . i wish i would not have paid 40.00 , and can not return . i am donateing to a friend
 I 'd heard good things about this brand , and the price was good , but this formula caused a lot of digestive upset to my dog . We transitioned him over several weeks and tried to stick with it for a while after that , but the gas never ended . I think the brand is probably still good , but after seeing how many others have had problems with this particular mix , I 'd try a different flavor .
 I used it for almost three months , combined with the sprays , I did n't see one iota of change in any of my five cats . The one who started spraying still sprays and the nervous one is still nervous .
 My vet had recommended Feliway for my nine-year-old kitty who started piddling on the furniture 1-2 times a day -LRB- all of his testing for medical problems was negative -RRB- . This cat has always been a tad on the anxious side , and we had had isolated urinating outside of the box a few times over the years , but nothing like these daily happenings . After seeing all of the testimonials on here about Feliway , I was excited to give it a try.I tried 3 diffusers to cover the entire house for 3 months with no change in the urinating behavior . My other cat did become even friendlier than he already was , and I did notice improvements in the interactions between the two of them . But the urinating outside of the box continued on a daily basis -- despite cleaning litter boxes twice a day , keeping a box on every level of the house , and doing everything else my vet recommended.Finally , I took him back to the vet , who started him on Paxil . Within 1 week , the urinating on the furniture started to happen less often , and after 2 weeks my house was piddle-free . Even better , my cat is no longer super-anxious but is now calm and happy.I think Feliway really does work for most cats , but I 'd advise cat owners who have given it a good try without success to talk with their vet about medication .
 For me -LRB- my two cats -RRB- this did n't do anything to improve the bad behavior going on here . No chill in the animosity between the old & new fur-ball , they 're still in hate with each other . The one thing it do was give me the most horrible allergies ! I had the thing plugged in for at least 3 weeks - maybe 4 , and I was so sick the whole time . When I finally put it together that the plug-in was the culprit -LRB- yes , I 'm a bit slow ! -RRB- , I unplugged it and was instantly better ! Just something to be aware of - if you have insane allergies .
 Worth a shot , but this product did n't mellow my cat out at all . It got here quickly and was less expensive than the pet stores .
 I purchased this product , hoping it would curb my male cat 's desire to mark . His marking had intensified since the birth of my child . Marking had always been a part of life for my cat , but only occasionally . Following the birth of my baby , my male cat became an `` angry middle child , '' marking up to 5 times a day ! This product was to be my last hope for a pee free zone.I have been using this product for 3 months now , with only mediocre results . The marking has gone down to 2 times a day . But now he marks in front of the outlet where the Comfort Zone is plugged into ! Based on my results , I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 The picture shows a diffuser and a refill bottle . I have used Feliway before and the product itself is great , but , AblsolutelyPets sent me refill bottles only titled ` Comfort ZONE W/FELIWAY REFILL 48ML ' . If you were expecting the product to match the picture , it apparently does not . So , 2 stars because I would rate the product itself as 5 stars , and 1 or 0 for the deceptive lack of a product description past the title and the deceptive picture which implies both a diffuser and a refill bottle . Note
 From carefully reading the description , one would think that this includes both the diffuser and the Feliway . That is not true . You get a great product , but it is ONLY the refill . Two stars for misleading product description .
 I was told to try the Feliway diffuser by my veterinarian b/c my cat has always suffered from an anti-social , grumpy personality . He is one of 4 INDOOR cats in our house and had started to urinate on the rug in my entryway . I put the diffuser in the basement where the litter boxes are to make it a soothing , positive environment for him . Combining the diffuser with a low dose of Prozac has worked wonders . We have an office in the basement too and that is where it is plugged in and he spends pretty much most of his time in the office , sleeping , purring and scrounging love off me when I am down there . He NEVER did that before . We had only heard him purr maybe 4 times in all his 11 years and only when we practically had our ear near his throat ! I definitely recommend the Feliway diffuser for anyone with a stressed , ornery or over-excited cat . Keep in mind , not all cats react to the pheromones but the only way to find out is to try the diffuser ! Good luck to anyone needing this review - it is really tough to deal with a problematic cat .
 I purchased the Feliway Comfort Zone plug-in , because my 6 month old kitten has not stopped biting since we adopted her 2 months ago . She is biting my husband , my dog and myself . It has been so bad that my husband had to go to emergency from an infection he received from one of her `` pit bull-like '' bites . This was recommended by someone at the SPCA and , having tried everything else , we decided to give it a try . It was very disappointing . After a week of having it plugged in , there was no change in our kitten 's behavior and the unit leaked oil all around the electrical outlet ! Fearing that this may cause a fire , we discarded it immediately . That was almost $ 40 thrown away and we still have a mean little kitty in the house .
 I am not disappointed but am unable to remove that label . I have a cat with feline hyperasthesia . My cat is on medication but can still have a hard time . This product was recommended by my veterinarian and appears to work . It is much cheaper on line than in the pet store . I will keep ordering it
 I read the previous reviews on the product which made it sound so good ... before I committed to buy over $ 100 worth including the 2 refills from this order - Dont waste your money ... I have not seen any change in my 2 most agressive cats they are still fighting and marking where ever they want - by the way they are two spayed females in a home with 11 other spayed or neutered cats , in fact they have now started to attack some of the other cats . it sounded so good I am very disappointed it did n't work and its been over a month ...
 We tried this and it seemed to work but then the other day our cat decided to mark the leather sofa . : -LRB-
 The refill was an additional waste of my hard-earned money , as the diffuser has proved completely ineffective -- and I was so bemused by the advertising that I decided to go ahead and order the refill along with the diffuser itself . Surely , the manufacturer knows this product is more likely than claimed to be a huge disappointment , as well as a misuse of Amazon 's usually excellent web site .
 I never received this product so I can not review . I will give the company that was supposed to send it to me a review
 I really wanted this to work . I used it for 3 months and spent about 40.00 . Unfortunately , the product did not help with my cats anxiety separation issues or aggressive behavior . So I still have the same problems and less money .
 I did n't notice any differenc . The cats still fight and yowl . I put one upstairs and one down and that should cover the whole house .
 i got this after my kitty was diagnosed with brain cancer . we were going to the vet at least once a week and , being a slightly -LRB- ok , really -RRB- agoraphobic cat , it was a very stressful time for him . i got this in the hope that it would help him to relax more quickly when we got home but it actually seemed to make him more nervous and upset . he absolutely refused to go near the room i had it in and , after a few weeks , i had to get rid of it . oh well . guess it just was n't his kind of thing .
 I tried this for 3 months to help `` soothe '' my female cat who , for whatever reason , has decided to hiss and stalk my alpha male . It has n't helped at all . At the same time , I sent 3 months ' worth to a friend whose newest rescue was marking when he 'd see other cats outside and also was being aggressive toward an already-owned indoor female , to the point that she wo n't come out of the bedroom . Has n't helped the situation at my friend 's house either . Both cats have been checked for physical ailments , found not to have any , no changes in litter , food , etc. . My friend is at her wit 's end -- I just keep a spray water bottle handy for my female cat and am finally to the point that I just have to reach for it and she stalks off in the other direction . But neither of us have any recourse for when we are not at home . This stuff did n't help one little bit .
 Unfortunatly , this product did not stop my cat from urinating under stress . It seemed to mellow her out for a day or two but then her same behavior started within a few days .
 First off , I have to say , I have 4 cats , and not one of my cats seemed to respond to it in any way . It might as well not have been plugged in for all the effect it had.I might be willing to suppose that perhaps other cats would feel differently , and I just happen to have 4 cats that do n't care about this product . If that was my only concern , I 'd probably still have given it at least a 2 star rating.However , notice that this product contains no actual cat pheromones , but rather , it contains a pheromone `` analogue '' ; that is , a concoction of several essential oils intended to mimic the effect of true cat pheromones . The problem is , if you do just a little bit of online research you 'll find most of the holistic pet health sources are now acknowledging that the livers of cats lack the enzymes required to break down most essential oils . Over time , the oils end up stored in the liver in increasingly high concentrations because of this lack of enzymes to break the oils down and clear them out . Then , months , or a few years later , kitty suddenly takes seriously ill with major organ failure that `` seems '' to have come out of nowhere , and to have no specific cause . Well , now we 're coming to find that the cause has been this slow build up of essential oils in their bodies over time.Unless and until more research comes out to refute this connection , I have to give all essential oil products that saturate the air my cats breathe a pass . I believe if you do a bit of research yourself , you 'll probably come to the same conclusion .
 It used to show the filled diffuser and a refill in the newer packaging . Yet many seem to have only received the refills . I called Amazon and they said they would get the correct product out to me free of charge . I got it , and it was two more refills ! If I do n't return the first ones to them within 30 days I will be charged again for these `` correct '' -LRB- yeah right -RRB- replacements ... So that would be like $ 80 spent on 4 refills . I am returning them all needless to say.What a headache . Amazon has messed up on this one . UGH !
 I have three cats , two of which are male . The two male cats pee all over the house . They pee on the bed , the carpet , the bath mats . It is not a physical problem -LRB- both healthy -RRB- but rather behavioral . I think they prefer soft surfaces to pee on . I have tried , quite literally , everything I can think of . They get lots of love , raw food , have two cat trees , tons of toys , and get outside time - but the peeing continues . I know I am up into the $ 1,000 s when it comes to how much I have spent on things to fix this issue . I have been using Feliway plug-ins as well as spray for almost 2 years now . Right now I have 3 diffusers plugged in my house . I have never noticed a difference . I keep buying them because I keep hoping something will change , or that it will at least help them relax but have noticed no difference .
 After reading other reviews , I specifically wanted the product in the pink boxes , as shown in the picture . That is not what I received ... I got the product in the blue boxes , and a couple of the boxes were tattered and beaten . I did n't want to go through the hassle of returning and refunding , so I just kept them . I would not use this vendor again .
 I have a male cat who `` sprays '' around the house ... I was hoping this would relax him and stop these actions ... not working ...
 Unfortunately I did n't get the result that so many others achieved . I guess my cats are simply too stubborn or willful for this to modify their behavior . Oh well , it was a pricey experiment that failed .
 Ordered the green plush -LRB- hippo ? -RRB- . Instead , I received 1/2 plush , 1/2 fabric toy , totaling unsafe b/c my dog chews through fabric toys -LRB- never buy them ! -RRB- . Wrote to seller about it , but no response . Because of postage involved in shipping it to me and back , not worth it . Photo really needs to accurately reflect what is being sold !
 This is NOT twelve individual 7-oz packages of Snausages , but ONE 12-oz package ! Complete scam ! I can get them in the store much cheaper !!!
 I have a Labrador retriever and the first time he chewed on this toy it went flat and did not return to its inflated state . Then my dog lost interest in it because he could n't get it to squeak anymore since it stayed flat . I think for my dog , something stronger , like a tennis ball , is better because he can chew on it and it expands and contracts with the force of his chewing .
 We have two rubbery basketballs about this size and were trying to get something similar when we ordered this . It took our 12lbs miniature doxi less than 20 minutes to chew a hole in it . The two rubbery ones we have ? We 've had them for about 6 months , he plays with them every day and they 're still balls instead of piles of plastic parts . Definitely would not buy again .
 Assembled the item as per instructions ; the pump rattled loudly enough to annoy me and scare the cats ; disassembled and reassembled everything - no luck ; opened and cleaned pump -LRB- a miniature version of my aquarium pumps -RRB- as per instructions - no luck ; company quickly sent new pump - success - for about two hours ; repeated above steps - success for about two hours ; tried a third time - same results ; gave up .
 In my search for a fresh water fountain I started off with this water fountain from Petmate.I wasnt very impressed.True , it will circulate the water . It has a filter & it will work just fine for some people.The water tank is very small & unless you have just 1 or 2 cats or a Yorkie , youll be refilling constantly . Also , refilling is a bit more difficult than other products.Im not saying this is not a good product but it wasnt a good product for me.As one reviewer stated , '' you get what you pay for ! `` I just think this Petmate is not as good a product as the Drinkwell which I purchased for 2X the price after trying the Petmate.Ive had the Drinkwell Platinum for well over a year & its never been a problem . Easy to clean , runs quietly & my 2 cats & 4 dogs drink much more water than if it was in a bowl.In fact , due to adding 2 more dogs to the pack Im on Amazon now to purchase my 2nd Drinkwell fountain.Again , the Petmate may be just right for you . But the Drinkwell is a far better product .
 I am somewhat disappointed because I wanted a product where the water came out like a drinking fountain . The water in this product flows down a ramp .
 We bought one of these at our local pet store . The first night we used it , the fountain was completely silent . I had to check it a few times to make sure it was still on . The next night , it sounded like a small refrigerator . Something must have gone off-kilter in the pump , causing it to vibrate , but I could n't find anything stuck or broken . Back to the pet store it went !
 when i ordered this product , it was listed as white and was a slightly different model . the product was that was delivered was simply not what was pictured or described . that having been said , the bigger problem was that the thing arrived with broken parts . suffice it to say , not a good purchasing experience !
 I wanted a fountain which actually had running water for the cats . This fountain was so bad that I even propped it up at an angle trying to get the flow to be noticeable . My pump died as well within a year.The stream of water was so slow that mold -LRB- that yucky orange stuff -RRB- coated the ramp where the water `` flowed '' . Sadly I will be looking for a new fountain .
 I ordered the Jumbo size , which states `` capacity of 216 ounce reservoir . '' I was therefore not happy when I received it to find that the water reservoir actually holds only 50 ounces . Even counting the water in the bowl , it only holds a total of 124 ounces . I have no idea how they 're claiming this holds 216 ounces ! The water capacity simply was n't big enough to keep me from having to check it constantly to avoid the pump running dry .
 I got the first one of these waterers about 3 months ago . It broke after about 2 months of use . It simply started leaking all over my floor , and no , we did n't let it run dry . The store replaced it with another one and a month later , it too developed a leak . Poorly constructed device , but the price on amazon is better than the pet store I got mine from .
 I 've had lots of pet fountains . I usually just use them until the pump konks out and then get a new one . I 'm not particular to any one brand or anything and I 've had probably three different kinds , just whatever the PetCo or PetSmart or wherever has handy . My latest one did n't stop pumping , but somehow sprung a leak underneath and made a puddle that leaked over the edge of the rubber mat I keep it on . I only noticed it after a few days of wiping up a puddle that I blamed on wet shoes by the door until I realized that it had n't rained or snowed for a while and looked for another culprit . I 'm not sure how it sprung the leak since it 's molded plastic for the most part so I 'm still investigating that , but definitely not buying one of these again!The cats and dog like it just fine , but they could care less what kind of fountain they 're drinking from as long as it is flowing . As a fountain , it would get a fine 2.5 star review -LRB- can there really be a 5 star pet fountain ? does it clean and fill itself ? -RRB- like all of the others I 've used , but since it leaked , it gets 1 ... I do n't think zero is an option .
 I bought one of this at my local pet store for around $ 60 . No cheap . It did n't even last a year before the motor burnt out . No obvious reason for the burn out either . It 's not like I burned it up running it out of water or anything . I tried cleaning several times per the instructions here -LSB- ... -RSB- and it still does NOT work.My cat loved it , but I 'm not wasting more money on this same product again . I 'll try a competitor for my replacement.It 's not the easiest to clean , but that 's to be expected . It 's simpler than my old fish tank filter . However , it 's not a quick rinse before running out the door in the morning . There are 3 parts to remove before you get to the motor/pump to clean that . The nooks and crannies to clean I never had much a problem with , but as a woman , I have small hands so it 's easier to reach into them.It does get loud when it gets low on water or when there is hair/debris blocking the filter cause low water flow through . I find that that noise is a good reminder to never let it get too low . In summer heat -LRB- 100-110F here -RRB- , I found that it needs to be filled at least once a day , sometimes more and that 's just with one cat -LRB- using the basic size - what they call medium - fountain for cats -RRB- . It has a couple nice curvatures cut out on the base at each side which make it easy to pick-up . Overall , it 's a decent design , however for the price I paid -LRB- which is more than on here -RRB- I am very disappointed in the lack of reliability or quality of the motor .
 I bought this yesterday at my local pet store . $ 45 ! And the # @ % $ ! pump stopped working during the night . Taking it back today . My cat did like it and starting using shortly after setting it up but it is cheaply made for the price . Not sure which kind to buy now .
 The fountain is very simple to put together and there just are not that many parts to cause problems . That 's why I think it has design flaws . For 1st month water reservoir would not empty , but was nothing wrong with it when I pulled it out . Then I let the water level get lower and water reservoir did begin to empty out but there is an `` air in the line '' noise during that time . I just kept a quart jar of water behind the pet fountain and filled it up in the bowl . The one great thing was that it filtered the water very well . That makes me want to find one that works to avoid that clean up task every day . After removing the top lid about ten times to check it out or to refill the reservoir , the lid no longer fit back down securely , just the tiniest hairline crack where it was supposed to fit securely . It would be a better design if the lid over the filter did not have to be removed to lift out the reservoir . The water was escaping so slowly that it was a couple of days before I checked out why the water level was going down so fast . By that time all the carpet around it was wet . I called two weeks ago and company will replace . So now , about 40 days after purchase ; I turned off the motor and waiting for the replacement . I hope I get to delete this post if the exchange has no problems .
 I 've had my Fresh Flow for a few years now and the unit works well . In fact , I purchased one for my mother 's pets . I 'm giving this fountain two stars because within the last year , the company has changed their filter replacements to this cheap piece of garbage that has barely any charcoal in it and slimes up quick . The new filters cost the same but now you have to replace them more often . I would think a cheaper product deserved a cheaper price , especially if you have to replace them more often . Check out the filters here on Amazon , you 'll see I 'm not the only one dissatisfied . Because of this , I am switching over to the Drinkwell system . I 've checked out their filter system and it looks a bit more substantial .
 Own a couple of these cat fountains and they are n't worth it . It is affordable and very quiet , but that is the only thing going for it . The resevoir , as has already been stated in previous reviews , is a horror to clean . It gets filled with scum frequently and therefore needs to be cleaned often . The filters are a waste too . I would give it a NO STARS if allowed . Unless you are going to really thoroughly clean it every 2 or 3 days your cat is going to be drinking disgusting water .
 This unit looks nice , and at first the pump was barely audible . Although my cat would n't go near it , I thought in time she would learn . Then the pump got loud enough that she was afraid to go near her food as well . There was enough water in the bowl but the pump struggled , and after a few minutes , failed to move the water at all . I 'm not sure of the price of pumps , but I 'm not about to buy a new one every 24 hours to keep this fountain running.Reading reviews of comparably priced fountains , it seems that quality is hit or miss -- mine missed . Take your chances and maybe you 'll have better luck .
 I have a cat that splashes water all over the kitchen even when the water is refreshed several times a day . Out of desperation I tried this fountain for her . It stopped the splashing , thank goodness , but now I had new problems.The reservoir is too small and if you do n't check it constantly it will go dry and that ruins the motor -- not to mention it is impossible to see the water level through the blue plastic unless you crouch down on the floor right next to it!Hardwater scale builds up and is difficult to remove . It is very difficult to clean . I hated the fuss of cleaning it all the time and trying to watch it to make sure it did n't go dry . You ca n't even put it in the dishwasher ! I had a hard time finding replacement filters for it too . After only 3 months it stopped working . I went out and found a gravity fed water bowl that uses an air pump -LRB- like for a fish tank -RRB- to oxygenate the water and keep it moving/bubbling around . No fountain , but the cat does n't seem to mind and the splashing is still under control . Also I can put this one in the dishwasher and it is just so much easier to clean even by hand . I think it even cost a little bit less than this fountain . It holds tons more water too -- and it wo n't die if it should happen to go dry . Keep this in mind when you are looking for this type of product for your cats.By the way , my dogs have NEVER drank from either one -- they do n't even seem to know it is there , right under their nose , so the marketing to dogs is just plain silly . I only had one cat at the time the fountain died by the way . Just not a good design , not a good product .
 I had purchased the Petmate Deluxe model of the 50-ounce Pet Fountain for my cats . That works exactly as described and my cats drink more than they did from bowls of water around the house . I like blue , and the basic model seemed as if it would perform the same as the deluxe model . My cats still drink from this model , but it does n't fit together as well as the deluxe model and , as a result , it often leaks , leaving puddles around it . If I purchase another , I will only get the Deluxe model .
 I purchased one of these fountains in December 2005 , and loved it at first - I recommended it to a family member who also purchased one the following month . Despite regular cleanings and making sure that water level did not get too low so as to prevent damage , both fountains had stopped working by March 2006 . I was very disappointed that they both broke within 3 months .
 I had high hopes for this fountain , but , alas , like other folks have mentioned , the pump failed . Unfortunately , my cat did n't even get 2 weeks enjoyment out of it . I guess I could go get a new pump , but I think I 'll probably just return the whole thing . Kind of peeved that we did n't get more than a week 's worth of use .
 This is my third unit I have purchased . I like the way it looks and what it does when it WORKS !!! It is definitely not for more than one pet . When I had one pet it worked for about a year . Now that I have three it lasted 4 months . Wish they would fix the problems . My pump no longer works . It makes horrible noises even when full . Just not a great addition to someone trying to save time and give their pets good water .
 I have gone through 3 of these , and none lasted more than a few months . I finally gave up and bought a completely different brand with much more success . Steer clear of the Petmate !
 its takes forever to clean . To many parts and the saliva slime still sticks to it . The large back part seems easy to clean but there are tiny plastic partitions inside that get junk stuck in the corners , I have to use a cue tip to clean it and even that does n't work . Too much work for this item .
 Petmate Medium Fountain is defective after a week of use because it constantly leaks and makes a big mess ! The water holder does not let water out despite the receptacle being low at times . Spend the extra money and buy the Large Fountain . I have owned one for 5 years and never had a problem .
 I 've had one of these fountain for years and it always worked beautifully . Decided to order a second one this summer and discovered the changes for the worse . Seems the new pump is more powerful and NOT adjustable . This results in serious water leakage . I 've tried 3 times to purchase and exchange these leaky fountains without luck . They all leaked so badly that my floor was soaked repeatedly and the reservoir was emptied in 2-3 days . Unless the manufacturer makes changes 1 . an adjustable pump , 2 . extending the interior wall above the pump area to prevent overflow , I wo n't purchase another petmate fountain . I do n't recommend you purchase this either.Time to find a better fountain from a different manufacturer .
 I bought this product a few months back because my cat was constantly jumping up on the sinks and in the tub to get water instead of drinking out of his bowl . It took him about a week to get the courage up to try it but once he did he never jumped up on the sink again . He loves it ! Now here 's the reason for the low low rating and that is the fact that the stupid thing leaks all the time . I ca n't even really figure out what makes it leak , there are no apparent cracks . When enough water leaks out then it makes this awful sucking noise which I have woken up to on more than one occasion . I ca n't even leave it on for my cat when I leave for the weekend because I am afraid the pump will fry . The final thing is that the water in the basin does n't say any cleaner than a bowl . It accumulates food and hair and needs to be cleaned at least once a week . I certainly wo n't go back to a bowl but I 'm now on the hunt for a new fountain .
 I loved this item for a long time . It is quiet and not unattractive . But , I have had it for a year or so , and now it is not working . The pump seems to be broken , because when I add water to the resevoir it stops flowing and sometimes days later it will suddenly turn back on . It is also difficult to clean in certain parts that are hard to access for scrubbing , but good at trapping orange mold . I also bought one for my neighbor a while back and her cats refused to use it .
 My cat never really drank water . After he had bladder stones the vet instructed me to make sure he was getting enough water . A friend of mine recommended purchasing a fountain so there was a continuous flow of water running . So I thought this one would work ... easy to put together and did n't take up too much room . My cat feared it at first because although the pump is relatively silent it does make noise which he was n't used to . After putting his paw in the water and trying to figure out what it is for , my cat started drinking from it . YES ! That is about all the positive I have to say . I only have one cat and I find myself refilling this one to two times a day and I purchased the large one . Sometimes I come home to find all the water is on the floor . I still have yet to find out how the water is getting out of the dish . I exchanged it for another one thinking that one was defective but the same issues are happening again . The pump is extremely loud when the water level is low . I am in the market for a new fountain .
 My Drinkwell motor froze after a few years , so I needed a new pet fountain . My cat , Kona , absolutely loves drinking from a fountain and drinks more fresh water than when he has just a bowl of water . I purchased a Petmate Fresh Flow thinking a pet fountain is a pet fountain ; this is not the case . The water in this fountain does NOT free flow ; it essentially glides along a plastic runway . My cat stopped drinking as much water and would anxiously wait for the water dripping from my bathtub . So , Kona wins , I am giving up on this fountain -LRB- which is only a few months old -RRB- and buying a fountain which wo n't give Kona the plastic after-taste .
 We had a Pet Mate water system for the cat for over 10 years . The pump finally failed and a replacement is not available . It was quiet , this one is not . Not enough water feeds the bowl to keep the water level above the pump pickup and it gets loud . Adding water to the bowl quiets it some but not much . The pump flow is not adjustable as it was on the original unit , the pump heats the water that grows a nice slime in the bowl even with new filters . Compared to the 10 year old unit , I rate it poor on design and function .
 My cat really dug his kitty fountain but my overall experience with this thing was kind of bad . Yes it recycles the water a bit and keeps it fresher than say a stagnant water filled bowl but it seemed to collect lots of crud and hair that never makes it through the tiny hole to the filter . The reserve tank was useless ... the water level never went down when the water was circulating so it was a pretty big waste of water . Also , the thing makes terrible noise when not completely full -LRB- but the reserve tank never worked -RRB- so you have to dump water in it all the time or else listen to this loud grinding sound . After , 7 or 8 months the pump conked out completely and so I went and bought a Drinkwell for my boy today . The Drinkwell is superior in every way and kitty is happier with it .
 This unit was very disappointing in that the pump is inadequate to keep the water flowing and requires constant attention . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 i want to give this a higher rating as it is reasonably priced and fulfills a niche that is necessary . my particular machine at least is not so `` ultra quiet '' . i read the manual and tried their suggestions about how to make it less noisy . i think the noticeable noise is just part of the design . it is definitely noticeable when the living room gets quiet . i know they could have designed this to be truly `` ultra quiet '' . too bad . i probably end up junking this machine when the annoyance of the machine grows to be too much . i bought it so cheap at $ 16.99 , that it is not worth the hassle to package and ship it back .
 My cats were fascinated by this water bowl even though i thought it looked like a baby toilet -LRB- maybe that 's why they liked it ?? -RRB- They played in it more than drank from it for the first few days and made a mess ! But , eventually they began to trust it and drank from it . By the 4th day , the cat hair they dropped -LRB- I have two cats -RRB- was constantly clogging the water intake at the bottom of the dish . This meant that not only was the water not circulating correctly , the water level would get very low even though the `` tank '' in back was full . It would make loud sucking noises that scared my cats and actually were loud enough to wake me up at night ! So , this product probably works great for hairless cats , but for the rest of them ... it 's a lot of maintenance for a water dish .
 These are reasonably nice and quiet when they work right . However , it has been my experience that they eventually get noisy and that the durability is poor . I would not recommend these unless you plan on replacing it every few months .
 Cat 's will be cat 's and us owners , well lets say we can be as finicky as our cat 's , can make or break a product ! I read reviews till they put me and my two cats to sleep ! -LSB- ... -RSB- . A pretty good deal by anyone 's standard . I 'm just saying ... Here we go , reviews stated
 This is my third unit - I too let one run dry and the pump fried -LRB- shame on me too -RRB- , however it was about five years old and until the pump died , worked like a trouper . I have two units in my house , one at either end of the house.My cat drinks from the top of the water run and my dog slurps from the bowl -LRB- dog backwash has got to be worse than cat backwash ! -RRB- . Yes , I do dig out dog and cat hair from the intake/lever area about once a week , but that 's a small task compared to washing and filling a couple of water bowls each day or worse yet , forgetting to fill a bowl or finding one completely empty and wondering `` how long have they gone without water '' ? The pumps make enough `` noise '' when the water levels get too low , thus it 's nearly impossible to allow a pump to burn out -LRB- nearly , not completely ! -RRB- . There is no `` slimy '' feeling to the bowl like there is in a standard water bowl -LRB- you know that `` film '' one often feels when cleaning a regular water bowl , despite the fact it looks clean ? -RRB- and the large reservoir ensures plenty of water all the time -LRB- although I do keep a 1/2 gallon container nearby each one so I can just fill and dump directly into the basin instead of pulling out the reservoir to refill - I do the latter frequently , but at times I 'm in a rush and a quick refill via the extra container does the trick for me.Lastly , my veterinarian noted my cat of 7.5 lb cat of 18.5 years lived as long as she did , despite being a tiny runt who had been severely malnourished and abandoned when I found her up for adoption at about 1 year of age , because he found cats drink far more frequently with these units which , in turn , keeps their kidneys filtering properly and , in turn , keeps the kidneys working well overall - kidney woes often being the fatal ailment of cats.The dog ? Well , for whatever reason , she simply will not drink out of puddles or the odd bucket or container - could be a lucky coincidence , but I ca n't help but suspect she 's only known `` fresh water '' from the likes of this system and that 's her preference - no icky puddle water ingested means less of a chance of parasites or similar.UPDATE 5/29/10 - I had read others complaining the units leak -LRB- other sites mostly -RRB- and alas , I am now among the growing cluster o ' complainers . Late the other night I heard popping sounds and much to my dismay -LRB- and total disgust -RRB- I found the unit had been leaking -LRB- probably about 3 days or so -RRB- profusely the entire contents -LRB- probably two full systems ' worth -RRB- had soaked through the carpet and had severely buckled the original hardwood flooring to such an extent two planks are nearly buckled onto their sides -LRB- hence the popping sounds I believe -RRB- . I had `` assumed '' the dog and cat were simply drinking more because the weather was changing and did n't realize there was substantial leak -LRB- never saw it , never felt it , but then I usually have shoes on -RRB- - looking back , I had noticed a very loud `` water fall '' sound had started with the unit -LRB- which some may like , but I found it annoying -RRB- and I discovered the section that fits atop the pump had a small split in it . I did n't worry about it as it just meant that only 1/2 of the water was making its way up to the `` ramp '' , but I should have inspected the unit more carefully as I would have likely noticed signs of the major external leak that was probably developing -LRB- although to look at the unit , empty as it is now , it 's not like there 's some gaping hole or visible crack in the base -RRB- . Equally frustrating is the company 's customer service option - no email , no contact via a Web site , only snail mail and a M-F phone bank that 's routinely busy . I 've been a big fan of these units for many years , but given I 'm not the first person to whine about major leaking problems , I fear the company is either cutting corners or is using defective/inferior parts . The damage to the carpet is substantial - I had no idea mold would/could grow under a carpet in just a few days - but then I do n't have experience with leaving a few gallons of water on it - the carpet can be replaced , not that I really have a choice now - but the hardwood is another story , as fate would have it , I found , `` they no longer make the plank sizes '' , it 's custom hardwood time - oh brother . Until the company steps up and addresses the increasing leaking complaints , I hate to have to say it , but stay away from buying this model -LRB- or if you have a unit now , place it on a plastic tray or similar -RRB- . Formerly 5 stars .
 I have the large Petmate waterer and I love that one . The pump went out after about four years of continuous use . When I saw the price on the linen colored one , I thought instead of buying another large , I 'd try this medium size.Maybe it is the item I have vs. the entire medium size , but the top is extremely hard to take off , the reservoir does n't empty very quickly , and the water flow seems to be all or very little . Furthermore the depth of the drinking well is so shallow that the water level drops so quickly that I have to check it several times a day to make sure there is enough water for the pump to work efficiently . And as other reviewers have noted , it seems to get dirty faster than it should.The reason I gave it a two star rating rather than a one star is because I took the pump out of it and replaced the nonworking one in my large Petmate which I would give five stars to vs. this highly inefficient medium one ! Who knew that there was such a difference between a medium and a large water fountain from the same manufacturer and same line ?
 No matter what I do the water drips out the back of the thing . With in an hour there is a big puddle under it . It wics out the back seams where the filter goes . Buy a Drinkwell .
 This is already in the garbage . It is noisy when the water is low-doesn ' t hold hardly any water-not practical for more than one tiny pet .
 Curious why amazon has chosen to combine the Large size fountain with filters that fit only the Medium and Jumbo size fountains .
 our findings :1 -RRB- our kitties are n't interested
 My dog hates drinking stagnant water . I had to change her water bowls at least 3x a day . I figured I 'll solve my problem with this little cool invention ... After sitting for a bit , the `` filter '' proved useless when dust and little odds and ends are floating in it , obviously NOT being filtered ... . also , just because the water is supposedly SLOWLY circulating , does n't mean the water is `` fresh . '' I literally felt compelled to take this thing apart once per day to clean , and even then , break it down at least 2-3x a week to thoroughly get in the nooks and crannies ... not an easy job when you cant really get into the water reservoir where I imagine all sorts of mildew and mold , bacteria and algae will eventually accumlate.A BIG waste of money , a HUGE waste of time , an even LARGER inconvenience.I 'm back to my old ways of changing both her indoor and outdoor water bowls at least 3x a day , whenever I walk pass it , and just washing a simple bowl out at the ened of the night ... cheaper that way too ... no electricity to use , no fear of electrocutng my doggy , no pricey carbon filters to buy.Used it for 2 weeks and now its in another `` bad buy '' pile ...
 Fresh Flow Pet Fountain by PetMate
 I thought this product sounded like a good idea . Fresh water for the cats through a filter . It was hard to clean , hard to fill , and the cats kept going to the other water bowl . Better idea was to give them a clean bowl of fresh filtered water each day , much easier .
 I bought this item and only used it for twice.Guesswhat !! It did n't work anymore.What a bad quality control ! Harm its brand seriously!Don ' t waste your money on this item .
 This is an excellent idea but a lousy design . It 's impossible to clean in all the nooks and crannies inside the reservoir and the crud that grows there is nasty . Usually I donate things I do n't care for to someone else who might use them . But I would n't wish this nightmare on anyone who cares about their cat .
 Ok , I 've had this fountain for like 2 years . In the beginning I thought `` Wow , works well and the filter are at a reasonable price '' . WRONG ... keep reading.First - It 's always a pain-in-the-rear end to clean this thing ... Not only you have to take all the parts out to get a thorough cleaning but it 's also VERY hard to get all the spots . I use a toothbrush , a sponge and Q-tips to clean and I still could n't get to all the curve and corners . Bad design.Second - the curve and corners where you can not get to , mold start growing there . -LRB- Brown/green gooey stuffs ... -RRB- Third - This morning as I as cleaning the fountain , I dropped the little motor by mistakes . I 'M GLAD ... Why ?? Because there were THICK brown gooey stuffs fell out onto the floor . As it turns out , all the dirts/salivia are trapped INSIDE the little motor where you just can not get to it.Keep in mind - I thorough clean the fountain every 2-3 days and I only have 1 cat . After cleaning the fountain with a toothbrush , a sponge and Q-tips , I also pour hot water over it to kill any left-over germs . YET , `` stuffs '' can still grow in this fountain.If you care about your pet -LRB- s -RRB- , PLEASE do n't get this fountain ... I have a Bengal and he loves running water ... I just need to find a better solution .
 My cats finally started using this fountain , and then within about a two week time frame , the pump broke and I have to return it . :-LRB- But Amazon was amazing , they credited me . Once again the customer service goes above and beyond !
 I 've owned this fountain for 6 months ... not only does it need constant attention and pampering to get the tender little pump to pump water -LRB- it gets clogged because the filter appears further down the line so crap get stuck in it 's little grill -RRB- it is damn near IMPOSSIBLE to clean . If you must buy it , plan to take a day off work or maybe a long weekend to get the cleaning job done . Furthermore , go out and purchase baby bottle brushes in every size ... YOU 'll need all the help you can get . It makes me crazy !
 I bought this product thinking it would provide clean , cool water for my cat day and night . After the first 12 hours , it started to make loud gurgling noises . I 'd fill up the reservoir which was suddenly empty , and just put it down to hot weather evaporating it , and my cat drinking more than I thought . I could n't sleep at night from the noise which would start again minutes after I 'd refilled it.I eventually noticed that the unit was leaking ... everywhere . It would n't keep any water inside - and I still did n't know where it was leaking from . I unplugged it , and now it 's just a bowl.I just noticed now that the reason I did n't notice the leaked water is because it was going into my floorboards , and now my hardwood floors are all warped . I 'm furious and wished I 'd have listened to all the bad reviews on Amazon before giving it the benefit of the doubt and buying it anyway.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT until the design has been completely changed.I 'm taking it back and getting a refund . I do n't even want a replacement .
 We had one of these for almost three years , and with two cats -LRB- one of whom sheds quite a bit -RRB- , we had to clean it every few days . This unit comes with a filter , but the filter is pointless , because it comes after the pump in the order of flow . Meaning that any debris , cat hair , dust , etc get jammed in the pump long before they could ever make it to the filter . Once the filter gets clogged -LRB- in 2-3 days for us -RRB- , the flow comes to almost a complete stop , and the cats stop drinking.Stick to the CatIt or Drinkwell products . The CatIt has the filter before the pump , not after , and has been working flawlessly since we bought it .
 I 've bought the same type of water dish from the a local pet store twice , which worked well for about 2 years then the motor went out . My cat liked them so I bought another online to save a little money . This one looks like new , but something is not quite right with it . The reservoir that holds the extra water does n't empty when the water that is actively being filtered runs low , so I have to fill it up more often than on the old ones . Also , the water being pumped up through the filter kind of splashes out and occasionally there 's a puddle on the floor next to the filter . But these problems are not so bad that I 'm going to get rid of it . I 've found that if you pull the filter up a little off the bottom , it does n't splash as much.So , overall I 'm disappointed with this one , but I would recommend these water dishes because the cat likes it . I just would n't buy it online again . Get one from your local pet store and support local business while your at it -- I will in 2 years when the motor on this one goes out .
 I previously owned one for a year that was starting to have issues , so after pitching it , I purchased a new one from Amazon . I have had the Petmate Fountain for 8 days . A couple of times I noticed a lot of water on the floor and thought it was my cat having fun . I found later that the bowl overflowed onto the floor . When I got home today I immediatly noticed the Petmate not running , my husband took it apart and deemed the motor has burned out . EIGHT DAYS !!!! I will be contacting them for a refund and buy something else .
 It leaks . I put up with cleaning up after it for a while , but that got old after about a year and one day I just tossed it out . My cats never appeared to be in love with the fountain , and they didnt seem mind just going back to having a bowl . If you want to try a kitty fountain , get one , just dont get this particular design .
 This is the second pet fountain I have purchased , and my experience is that they were both very cheaply made . If the water is not at the very top , the pump makes noise from sucking in air . They could have designed it with the inlet lower in the bowl . The extra water container that is supposed to add more water when the level gets low does not work . It just stays full of water . I think next time I will just buy a garden fountain . The cats wo n't know the difference and it will be something we can all enjoy !
 Petmate Deluxe Fresh Flow Pet Fountain Medium , Bleached LinenThe Petmate Fountain sounded like a good idea . I bought it for my two cats who drink anything unless they are sure its fresh water . The switch that adjusts how much water comes out of the fountain was had to adjust and actually broke off . The fountain makes a sucking noise constantly even though the water level is high . The bowl constantly is filling with cat furr or dirt . It 's at the point now , I ca n't even turn the fountain on.The truly sad part ? The fountain is only 3 months old .
 I 've had this filter for about 6 months now and I am throwing it out . When you put in a fresh filter the unit will work as advertised for a day or two , at which point the filter becomes worthless and does n't allow the water through . The pump then makes a gurgling noise and the flow of water reduces to about a trickle . Since no water can get through the filter , the water becomes very dirty and undrinkable . I 've replaced the filter , followed all the instructions on the unit , and have had this same problem repeat itself over and over . Just use a bowl and fill it with water every day .
 I purchased a jumbo-sized version of the Freshflow when it was on sale , trying to find a good watering solution for our St Bernard . Because of her jowly mouth , she tends to get food particles in her water bowl constantly , and because of her build and coat she needs a lot of water in warmer months to stay cool . Refilling a regular bowl several times a day was getting to be a major headache , and cleaning a gravity-fed waterer several times a day was too much work.I loved the Freshflow ... . for about 2 weeks . It was so nice and quiet and clean ! ... for the first few days . It just did n't last and ended up being a huge waste of money.Our issues were : It leaked all over the kitchen floor , especially every time it was refilled.It began to make a hideous sucking gurgling LOUD noise every time our dog drank from it , even if there was still water in the resevoir . This could only be solved by adding 12-18oz of water by hand into the entrance to the pump , every time our dog drank , which is approximately every 6 minutes -LRB- or it feels that way ! -RRB- It stopped keeping the bowl clean . Now , I did clean out the bowl myself . I did n't just leave the pump and filter to implode . But after a week or so it just did n't do anything . Every little crumb was left sitting in the bowl.After a month , pump suction went down to zero . You 'd turn it on and 10 minutes later one drop of water would valiantly dribble forth from the top while the motor made noises like it was going to have a coronary event . I started to seriously worry about it being a fire hazard.It ended up after the first week or two that several times a day , every day , I would have to take the fountain apart into several pieces , clean them all , which was not easy ; reassemble them , refill it with water , clean and refill the storage tank , replace it and get the lid on , cheer on the straining pump trying to get a mouthful of water up to the filter , and then clean up the puddle it had left all over the floor.Seriously , wiping out the old metal bowl with a paper towel and refilling it never looked so good .
 2nd unit that I have had that leaks . I have n't had any pump problems , but I 'm very good about making sure the water level is above the pump line so that it does n't make noise . However ... came home twice since I purchased this a couple of weeks ago to wet floors ... now damaged hardwood floors . Since my cats love drinking out of a fountain ... I 'm on a search for one that does n't leak !
 We bought a Petmate after buying a Drinkwell because we wanted to see the differences in quality , and ease of cleaning . We ended up returning the unit for being considerably louder than the Drinkwell .
 HAD TO CLEAN IT TOOO OFTEN ... ITWOULD N'T FLOW WELL , IF NOT CLEANEDEVERY COUPLE OF DAYS ... ALSO ... I BOUGHT NEWFILTERS AND REPLACED FILTERS OFTEN , TOO.THEN ... IT JUST `` QUIT '' WORKING !! VERY `` POOR '' PRODUCT !!
 Have had this product for about a week the first 6 days worked great my cats loved it and on the 7th day i woke up to a flooded kitchen ... not sure what happened but it looks like it was leaking out of the botton of the unit . Not sure if this is an easy fix or if the product is trash now ... : -LRB-
 We have yet to meet a cat or dog who is n't afraid of this thing . The consensus among owners I 've discussed this with is that the cheap Chinese-made pump is likely emitting audio frequencies -LRB- inaudible to humans -RRB- that offend the keen sense of hearing of animals.If you really want to believe the positive reviews , go ahead and get one , but , keep all the packaging and be prepared to return it within the allowable return window .
 My pump failed in 6 weeks . The pump is a fifteen dollar replacement part , so no thanks . That 's not a solution.To Amazon 's credit , they said they would accept the return , but I am waiting forever to get a postage-paid label snail-mailed to me -- and who knows how long it will take for the credit . Amex has a 90-day product guarantee , so at least I know I 'll be protected by my cc if Amazon does n't come through .
 It 's great to have flowing water for cats . My cats love running water from the faucet . The water in this fountain is not running , though , but flows down a slope , so it 's difficult for the cats to even see the water running . My cats did n't drink from the part where the water was running . I later bought a different flowing water pet fountain that runs more like a faucet , but we no longer use that one either because it is plastic and our vet recommended that cats should only eat and drink out of glass bowls , not plastic . Apparently the plastic containers can cause irritations . One of my cats had a swollen lip and the vet suspected the plastic water dish as the culprit . Too bad no one has made a glass flowing water fountain !
 My cat rarely drinks from it and prefers the dog 's bowl or meows by the sink until I turn the faucet on for him . My cat also is a messy eater and frequently drops both wet and dry food into the fresh flow which gets clogged into the filter . In addition , the filter needs to be cleaned frequently as it can harbor worms ! I went to clean the fresh flow as I regularly do to find scores of wriggling black worms coming out of the filter ! Unbelievable . I 'm ready to find a better filter that does n't attract parasites like the fresh flow or just get rid of it all together .
 This PetMate product lasted less than two months ! I have had similar products , so I know I did not abuse or misuse the product . I contacted PetMate twice ... they did not respond to either inquiry . They do not stand behind their products ! I would have rated it 0 stars if I could have .
 The motor was way too loud & the water barely flowed out . I quit using this one and ordered a better quality fountain from a different brand -LRB- -LRB- Drinkwell Original Pet Fountain -RRB- -RRB- . You get what you pay for ... I do NOT recommend this product .
 This is my fourth pet mate water fountain . And I do love how they keep the water circulating and the kitties drinking . But the first one I had lasted two years before the motor wore out and possibly part of the housing broke . Fair enough - it 's not that big a price to pay for the cat 's health . The second lasted about a year and 2 months , the third , one year . At this point I thought about jumping ship to the other brand , but decided to give this one last go . The current one makes a racket . Despite careful dismantling and cleaning , it is destined for the trash pile . After two months . I ordered this one on 3/28/10 . And after the repeated taking apart for cleaning , there 's no way that the plastic housing will endure much longer even if the motor was n't faulty , it 's far more brittle than the original model . Utter doodoo . Skip it and go with the alternative .
 I was really excited about this product before I actually got it . Cats naturally prefer moving water -LRB- like drinking from the faucet -RRB- over still water -LRB- like their pristine water bowl you just filled -RRB- . However , the design is seriously flawed . The water and filter chambers have little niches and indentations which are virtually impossible to clean without running the unit through the dishwasher -LRB- and who wants to do that daily ? -RRB- . A layer of slime builds up on the inside within a few days , reminiscent of algae in a pond -LRB- yum ! -RRB- The filter compartment traps food and fur so it 's not in the bowl , but all the remaining water gets pushed through the collected gunk , which means all the water tastes bad . Definitely not useful for leaving the cat by himself over the weekend , because he wo n't drink water that tastes bad , even if he is the one who got the food and fur in it .
 As the review title says , this product is literally no better than having a water dish . The reservoir is too small to last even one day in a multiple-cat household . Worse , it quickly stopped working properly , leaving the pump sucking air while the reservoir was still full . Even right out of the box , the fountain merely provided a trickle of water down the center slide , with no waterfall effect , which means the cats drink straight from the bowl , just as if you 'd never spent extra for a motorized fountain in the first place.Stick with the DrinkWell . Or a water dish .
 This is my third Petmate Fountain over the last couple of years . The first two both had motors that died within a week . Since I have yet to find any fountain worth a dime , I decided to try this one again . So far , the motor has n't died . That is the only positive , but I 've only had it a few days . However , the fountain 's water level gets insanely low and the water does not flow out of the reservoir unless I pick it up manually and let it drip out by holding it about an inch higher than it 's normal position . Worse , nothing gets filtered by the filter because it does n't have enough oomph in the flow to push debris back up to the filter . So the debris sits in the bottom of the bowl , deteriorating and making the water scummy . The little gate is incredibly useless . Yes , it keeps the motor cleaner . However , the whole point to having a filtered water fountain is to give your cats cleaner WATER , not a cleaner motor . What this little gate does is hold all the debris in the bowl so the cat is forced to drink debris filled water . Or actually , scummy water 1/2 inch from the bottom of the bowl , since the water level gets so low in a day or two . So , while I continue to search the world over for a decent fountain , I have resorted back to manually filling a regular bowl several times a day for my cats . At least , then , I know they actually have water available and are drinking clean water and are not forced to lick the scummy stuff from the bottom of a scummy bowl .
 My cats and I loved this product when we first started using it . But now , 6 months later , it 's functioning very poorly . It makes a lot of NOISE -- it hisses and spits and gurgles constantly and I am unable to get it to stop . I 've changed the filter a couple of times , but I only use already-filtered water in it , so there is no way that it can be clogged . Because I am unable to figure out what the problem is , I will most likely have to get rid of it because the noise is intolerable . Also , the little plastic knob that you turn to regulate the force of the waterflow is cheap and broke . The unit is a good idea and would be great if it worked , but this thing is not worth the money . DO N'T BUY THIS CHEAPLY MADE PRODUCT .
 I was very pleased with my previous Petmate Deluxe Fresh Flow , but purchased a new one when a price on Amazon made it almost as economical to replace the whole unit vs. a worn out pump . The body has been redesigned - the pieces are shaped and fit together differently . I 'm not sure whether this design contributes to the problem , which is that this second Petmate fountain is very loud , and regardless of whether the reservoir is full , the water level in the bowl is not maintained at a level to keep the pump from `` sputtering . '' The previous fountain was virtually silent ; this one can be heard from several rooms away . I have had the manufacturer replace the pump , with no improvement . We will not be purchasing another fountain from Petmate .
 This would probably be good for one , very dainty cat , and an owner who 's home all the time . However , the instructions say not to leave it on when you 're not around - and indeed , the reservoir is so small that it runs out of water in 1 to 2 hours anyway . I have three cats , all of who love to splash in the water so crud gets into the dish and just stays there until I clean it out . My old inverted-jug waterer is easier to clean and change the water , and does n't have a carbon footprint except for when it was made . I 'm going back to that .
 I had one of these I bought when they first hit the market because I have a cat who loves to drink from faucets . He loved the fountain!After about 8 years of working great the water flow valve broke . I bought this one a couple of months ago and even though the fountain works great and my cat is happy with it , the auto fill cap on the bottom of the reservoir does n't work at all . I ca n't figure out why and have tried every thing I can think of to get it to work . The first one worked fine , filling the bowl automatically as the water level went down . With this new one I have to do it manually . I make sure the bowl is filled to nearly overflowing every morning so that I do n't have to worry about the water dropping so low that the pump does n't have enough water to pump while I 'm at work all day . Not sure if this one is just a lemon or if the design has been changed ??? When I replace this one , it will be with a different model !
 it made loud noises and we had to fill it all the time . the cats stopped drinking out of it .
 We never got to use this , because we could n't get the motor loose to clean it .
 Supposedly , this item was delivered to my residential front door on February 11 , 2008 but it is not here at my residence . I was lookin foward to having this item . Turns out DHL delivered it on February 11th at the wrong address , they were confused about rural routes . The product works , so far so good . Happy at Last
 We purchase this item for our two cats , trying to break one of them from sitting in the shower . Initially we were please and the cats loved it ... but after a few months this item just did n't hold up . Cleaning it every other day was miserable too . There has to be something better out there . The pump in this one just IS N'T STRONG ENOUGH and maintainence is MISERABLE !
 It 's a good thing I set this pet water fountain up in the garage because it constantly is forcing water out the back of itself if I use the hookie fabric filter . The filter stops the water from flowing as fast as the pump works . So it forces the water out of itself so you can not use the additional water reservoir if you use the filter . Without using the filter you could clog the pump .
 I had trouble getting the pump to work , but after messing with the cord some it worked . The fountain only worked for about 3 months and then quit . I would n't recommend buying it .
 Pure junk . The replacement I received did n't last two weeks -LRB- although longer than the first -RRB- . It woke me up at 3am making a very bad grinding noise . Then guess what , it stopped working and it was a very expensive plastic bowl . It 's impossible to clean thoroughly and is a poor design .
 I have a english bulldog and I thought it would be nice to have because he drinks so much water throughout the day . The amount of water that is in it is just fine . But it gets dirty so fast ! Its like having a regular bowl but its electrionic with three pieces and its a real trouble to take apart just to clean two times a day ! Please do not buy it if you have a medium sized dog . It will be disgusting within hours . So much for having `` filtered '' water .
 I do n't want to spend any more time even talking about this product than I have to , it has been so time consuming and frustrating.The on/off switch has broken so many times . I can unscrew it , fiddle around , reset things inside the switch and it will work for ... maybe months . Then no more . I do n't know why they even have it . I worry about it shorting out . It just stopped again today so now the whole motor and cord and switch and everything is in the garbage . I forget what was deluxe about it . . ! My other pet fountain just plugs in and it 's ready to go.Problems with this :1 : Gums up faster than my other one . Hair gathers , scum , muck . Stains .2 : Cat has access to filter , so she pulls it out in furry pieces , leaving it in the water -LRB- maybe that 's a defect with the cat , not the device , but my other fountain has the filter covered well so this is not a problem -RRB- 3 : Tiny resevoir that I can not fill without taking off the whole top cover . I 'm not lazy , but lets make it easy , folks ! Kitties need the people to WANT to give them fresh water OFTEN ! Deluxe?My other one is the petmate fresh flow -LRB- not deluxe -RRB- , in dark brown , which I do n't like the color of but it works much better than this one.I would n't recommend this , especially for the annoying on/off switch that is really cheaply made , feels flimsy , and breaks !
 The fountain works fine although the filter does leak a bit into the bowl so that it gets dirty very fast . I would not reccomend this fountain b/c it is very awkward to clean and refill which needs to be done often . Would be good if the company created a way to take out the bowl seperate from the entire fountain .
 This is my 2nd Petmate fountain . My first one lasted about 1 year , then stopped working . This one never worked well . I have it on full flow , and water barely comes out . Not worth the cost of electricity to run it . Pay a little more , and get a better quality fountain .
 ... unless you keep the resevoir empty , in which case you need to re-fill it daily .
 This is the second fountain that Amazon has shipped me and neither has a functional water pump . At this point I am very tired of shipping these things back what a piece of junk ! ****** PURCHASE AT YOUR OWN RISK ****
 I bought the Petmat Fresh Flow on sale at my local pet store for only $ 19.99 . At such a low price , I thought it was a good deal , and both of my cats love to drink from the faucet . They 'll meow for hours on end for us to turn on the water . The first six months we had this fountain , it worked wonderfully . The cats loved it , it filtered well , and it ran quietly . The water did need to be refilled frequently , as I do n't think 50 oz is sufficient , but overall , it worked well.Then , after six months or so , it started to become very loud . The sound could only be ameliorated by filling the fountain REALLY full - within millimeters of the brim , and even then , it would take 30 minutes to fully quiet/settle down . It also started to collect a lot of dust and general dirt . I would attempt to wash it , but it never seemed to get clean . Eventually , we just got rid of it - the noise was getting too troublesome.Recently , I 've purchased a Drinkwell Platinum Fountain -LRB- with 168 oz capacity -RRB- , and I hope that it will be more durable than the Petmate was .
 If you do not take this apart and clean everday cat hair seems to clog up the pump . if I was to design this product you would think the filter would go before the pump to keep trash or cat hair from entering the pump . Would be a great product without that one problem .
 I have two long-haired cats , and within a week the pump was completely clogged . The little grate that keeps hair out of the pump is almost useless . Taking it completely apart and cleaning did restore flow for a bit , but now , after a couple of months , even that does n't work anymore . The ` waterfall ' has slowed to a trickle , and I suspect the pump is just about dead . Also , the bottle only holds a day or so of water , so for longer trips , I have to break out my old gravity-feed bottle anyway .
 While not the best design , the Petmate Fresh Flow Cat Fountain functions fairly well . The pump is also surprisingly quiet , even when it 's partially clogged . Initially my cat liked it a lot , but over time it became nearly impossible to clean thoroughly , which did not make the cat happy . Several times I resorted to soaking it in a bleach solution , which was all I could do to make the cat use it again . The tight spaces with severe angles made it difficult at best to get a sponge in . Using the dishwasher did n't help much either . After a year I replaced the unit with a Hagen Catit Drinking Fountain which seems to be much easier to clean.Pros : - Quite pump - Charcoal filter system - Water ramp -LRB- which my cat loves -RRB- Cons : - Filter is after the pump making it easily clogged by fur - Must be cleaned weekly , if not more - Reservoir can not be quickly filled , and impossible to clean - Hard to throughly clean by hand or in the dishwasher - Potential for bacteria buildup .
 We previously we had this model -LRB- the Petmate Deluxe Fresh Flow -RRB- for about 2 years . The motor ran well and it never broke , so I gave it 2 stars . But it is an older outdated model and our pet store stopped carrying the filters . So I decided to upgrade to a newer product , the Drinkwell Platinum fountain.Drinkwell Platinum Pet FountainI would definitely recommend the Drinkwell and NOT this product . The new Drinkwell has been wonderful because I 've definitely seen all three of my cats drinking MUCH more water in the last two weeks than with the Petmate fountain . I can promise you I 've found the proof in the litter boxes.The Drinkwell 's water stream is much stronger and circulates the water better than the Petmate . It gives the water the power to move most of the debris toward the little trap . That keeps the water bowl so much cleaner ; where as with the Petmate , the debris would circulate until it either sank to the bottom or stuck to the bowl walls . In addition , the Drinkwell 's filter is designed SO much better -LRB- 6 divided coal sections -RRB- . The coal in the Petmate 's filter would just clump at the bottom -LRB- i believe it has 2 divided sections -RRB- . The Drinkwell also holds a lot more water . Both products are dishwasher safe , so regular washing is easy for either . However , I can say the old Petmate has many tiny corners which made it a pain when it came to scrubbing off the mineral deposit build up -LRB- but my guess is the new one will be too -RRB- . I would recommend paying the extra $ 20 and going for the Drinkwell Platinum and staying away from this old model .
 Great concept in a pet water fountain ... poor implementation , sadly.The pump is in front of the filter -LRB- meaning all the gunk and dirt deposited into the water bowl -LSB- I have one dog ... he digs and eats grass and sheds - the normal stuff -RSB- gets pulled through/clogs the pump before ever getting filtered out -RRB- ... so the slow buildup of deposits on the pump slows the pump action . But , my main complaint is the fact that there is no motive force to compel the water to pass through the filter . The filter is the last obstacle before the water flows down the ramp into the bowl , but it is placed in a small reservoir that is being filled from the bottom from the pump spout . The only way water flows down the ramp is if it has simply `` soaked '' through the filter and is of sufficient height that gravity takes over . This reservoir -LRB- intelligently -RRB- has an overflow relief opening , so if the water gets too high , it just pours back into the bottom bowl near the pump . But what this means is that as soon as the filter actually performs its job and collects the gunk , it is harder and harder for water to soak through it . The `` easiest '' solution for the water is to just fill up past the overflow relief and pour back into the bottom bowl , rather than trying to get through the gunky filter and down the ramp - and the filter starts getting filled up within days , even with regular washing.This product would have been much better if the filter was placed * before * the pump - then the pump is shielded from the inevitable stuff that ends up in the bowl , AND the pump is actively pulling water through the filter -LRB- rather than very weakly trying to push the water , which has an easier way out -RRB- , keeping a stronger water flow . Couple this design with an easily-removable filter for cleaning -LRB- when it gets gunked up -RRB- would make this a much more functional product.I 've given up trying to alter this one to make it perform adequately - now I just use it like a plain old water dish , albeit a $ 45 one .
 If the idea was to keep the water cleaner longer , I applaud that and encourage further development . But this thing requires daily water changing and maintenance -- much more than an ordinary bowl requires -- so what 's the point?I know everyone is going to jump all over me for this review , but at no time is the water in this fountain any cleaner than that in an ordinary bowl . The flow is barely enough to filter out a few hairs , but not most food particles , which are heavy enough to sink to the bottom . And unlike a bowl , it has to be disassembled to get all the old water and junk out of it ! It uses electrity , to boot.Except for immediately after cleaning , the walls of the filter chamber are coated with some kind of smelly transparent slime , and it 's gross . The cheap , uncleanable filter replenishes the culture , which is nourished by food particles . This thing 's a water slide for pathogenic microbes . I would not wish this on anybody or any cat . This product `` is n't there yet . ''
 My cats like the fountain , when it is first cleaned and refilled . Within a couple of hours , though , they are back at the sink drinking out of the faucet again . The reason is that the pump builds up slime in any crack or crevice and the pump is not strong enough to filter out any debris other than hair . The slime is difficult to remove , requiring daily cleaning , and there are parts of the pump that are almost inaccessible using ordinary cleaning methods . The tube leading from the pump up to the filter is so narrow at the lower end , the only thing I could find to get in there was a q-tip . It needs refilling , even with the attached resevoir full , within 24 hours . And to clean it it has to be totally disassembled . If you use bottled water in it , the slime builds up slower , but it still needs refilling every 24 hours . Overall , it takes too much maintenance for my time schedule .
 I have to say , I thought I was just unlucky . Had a previous pump water bowl that died on me and got this one . Boy , that pump in there has got to be a joke . Plus every couple days I get tons of crud floating in the water , what is up with that , the other one I had never built up a bunch of crap in a couple days.Plus , again , the pump absolutely does no good , I get a little trickle of water with as much water as I can fit in the bowl . Any more and it would be on the floor.No thanks , never again will I buy this product .
 We have had this for several months , and often when we refill the tank it apparently does n't get seated correctly and the water runs out all at once . The worst part is that it happens slowly -LRB- overnight -RRB- , and we ca n't find where it runs out of the base . So it is not until we wait an hour or so before we know if it is seated or not . There are no rubber seals or springs to help prevent this.It runs very quietly at first until the filter starts to get clogged with cat hair or saliva , rinsing provides some short time relief but it can be a good indicator that it is time to change it . The motor runs fine after 6 months , with infrequent cleaning .
 This item leaks all the time , I have to fill it two to three times a day because for sosme reason the water leaks out from the bottom , especially when it gets low on water . I can not figure out why it leaks all the time . I would not recommend this to anyone . I am now on Amazon looking for a better drinking fountain ffor my i catThomas Bennett
 My cat loves to drink out of my sink because of the fresh water . So I thought this would do the trick . It didnt . At first my cat liked it , she would come over and drink it . But it made too much noise , so she would n't drink it . Then after a month the pump messed up and we had to buy a new one . I would only use this one as a last resort .
 I dont often review products unless they are absolutely fantastic or fail in every way . This product is absolutely fantastic at failing in every way ... I purchased this item over at WalMart last Saturday -LRB- 03/06/2010 -RRB- , today is Friday not even one week later and I have already given up on this piece of crap . The very first day I put it together my Cat Spider just loved it , seemed to drink more than usual and I found it very quiet . Made me very happy to see him drinking much more than usual , that 's got ta be a good thing , right ? . But the very next morning I found it making noises and noticed my cat was making paw prints all over my apartment , including my computer desk , blu-ray player , and all my A/V electronics and furniture . I felt the bottom of his feet and discovered his feet are wet . Went over to check on the Fresh Flow and found a large puddle of water in about a foot in all directions of the unit . So on Sunday I was forced to clean the entire area of water and of course kitty litter and food that had gotten soggy and messy on the wet floor . What a mess ... . I took the unit apart and inspected it and found nothing wrong what so ever . Put it back together and filled it with water exactly like it says in the instructions and found absolutely no leaks , I even let it sit there for an hour on the table trying to find a slow leak , but nothing . So I put it back in the same spot and later that day I started hearing noises again maybe say 6-8 hours later and went to check up on the fresh flow and found it nearly empty of water and a puddle several feet in every direction from the unit . Took it apart and had to clean the entire area yet again . Wow , what a pain . Monday , Tuesday , Wensday , Thursday and today Ive come home from work only to have to clean the entire apartment , instead of relaxing and enjoying my Cat . Today , tired as I am I have to spend quite a bit of time yet again cleaning up kitty litter that has gotten muddy like and stuck on the floor and now have to clean every piece of furniture I have just to get the brown wet paw prints off everything . Yes every morning when Ive awakened and every night when I get home from work I have had to clean the place up just because of water everywhere . Usually he does not track much litter out of his box but because his feet are wet from this device he is getting litter stuck on his paws . I have taken the unit apart , can not find a single thing wrong with it yet it keeps producing large puddles that my cat has to walk in in order to get a drink . My Cat is 15 years old and has never once put his feet in his water bowl so I know its not him somehow taking the water out of it . It happens while Im home watching TV , working in my office all while he is in my lap . Ive decided one week of mess is enough , I just dont have the energy to try and figure out whats going on anymore . Going to put his old water bowl back out and throw this junk in the garbage and order the Drinkwell . If only I had kept the retail box maybe I could get a refund from WalMart.Time to try the Drinkwell Platinum since it actually seems to have happy customers and MUCH better reviews .
 We previously had a Drinkwell and it lasted for years until something large and heavy accidentally got dropped onto it , and the plastic cracked . This looked like it would be a better design , but the motor hummed randomly from the very first day - even when completely full to the brim . The water in the dish was disgusting after a very short period of time , as the pump is to weak to actually filter anything , and then it just stopped working entirely after only 2 months . We 're going back to the Drinkwell !
 While many cats like drinking from the tub/sink faucet , this product does NOT mimic that experience very well at all . I would n't expect every cat to like this fountain when the water moves so smoothly and somewhat uninterestingly down the ramp . I thought the water moving would attract my cat but it is pretty hard to see the water at all . My cat was interested for 10 minutes and was done with it for good . The fountain is quiet , and yes , you have to clean it and monitor it so the pump does n't burn out . Overall it was more trouble than it was worth . Not recommended . I would try the fountains that bubble or have the water free-falling down from the spout . At least it would attract my cat .
 We have had this unit for six months . At first , the unit appeared to work . Once we replaced the first filter with a new filter , the unit started to malfunction . We found that the water was not flowing down the ramp as it was supposed to do . Instead , water was running back down the inflow pipe from the pump , into the reservoir and subsequently overflowing onto the carpet . This also made the unit noisy and unbearable to live with.We determined that the removable filter was impeding the waterflow . When we removed the filter , flow returned to normal , the water flowed up the inflow pipe from the pump and down the ramp as it was supposed to do . Despite trying a new filter , the problem persisted.This unit is cleaned thoroughly on a weekly basis , including the pump which is dismantled and cleaned . Additionally , the unit is desanitized monthly , so it was not a blocked pump or inflow pipe that malfunctioned.While the unit is wonderful for the cats , the problems with overflow and the fact that waterflow is impeded by the filter led us to conclude that we would not purchase this unit again.There is no website or other source to which we can complain , or that provides solutions to this problem.We have two other fountains that operate as they should without a hitch . I would prefer to purchase a different fountain if given the choice .
 Pets liked the fountain . But , the little motor went out after 7 weeks . We did essential cleaning about every 4 days . . with little brush and Q-tips . Also changed out the water daily , removing little floating cat hairs . I changed filter every 2 weeks . We are disappointed in the outcome of this purchase . I will try once more . . hopefully the first fountain was just a `` lemon '' .
 I ordered this water fountain for my cats . I was very dissapointed to find that the thing leaks and had actually destroyed our hard wood floors due to the leakage . I reccomend if you purchase this to make sure yours does not leak on any delecate surfaces .
 I bought this fountain because my cat loves drinking running water and for the first couple of months I loved it . It would have to be refilled constantly but I did n't mind because my cat was deliriously happy with it.Then the leaking started . Just a small dribble out the side so I cleaned it -LRB- which I did every week anyway -RRB- to no avail . The leak kept worse and worse and made my kitchen floor a mess . I had only had it four months and was pissed!My story is by no means the only one . My friend had the same thing happen to her after about 6 months . Just do n't waste your money .
 I purchased this item and from the beginning I could not prevent it from leaking all over my hardwood floor . Even though I clean the filter often and adjusted the pump per other peoples suggestions , it still seems to leak around the back of the unit . The only way to use it is to apply tape on the back to seal up where the water container sits on top of the housing for the pump . I would not recommend this unit . I ended up throwing mine away and went back to the bowl .
 Pet fountains are a great way to keep my cat from trying to drink out of the faucets . I bought the Fresh Flow a few years ago and thought it was great , but the plastic it is made of is not the best quality and the filter clogs up constantly . I finally threw the Fresh Flow out today after several successful months with the Drinkwell Pet Fountain . The Drinkwell Pet Fountain is definitely a better quality product and has n't clogged up once ! The Drinkwell Pet Fountain also holds more water -LRB- even without the extra resevior -RRB- than the Petmate Fresh Flow . If I could go back in time , I would have paid the extra $ 10 for the Drinkwell instead of paying for both in the long run .
 I did n't think there 'd be another fountain as difficult to clean as a Drinkwell . This one is -LRB- the right hand upper section must be removed , and it 's a bear to get off and on because it fits so tightly -RRB- . Also - and this is not a criticism , because I misjudged capacity - but the medium size is not meant for a house with more than two cats .
 I had a petmate fountain a couple years back and it was to late when I realized the slimy goo that was building up inside the pump motor . I cleaned the fountain on a weekly basis but the problem was hidden inside the one part you 're not supposed to take apart . My poor kitty was getting urinary tract infections and within less than a year she went from 12 to 5 pounds and I had to put her to sleep due to kidney failure . It was the most heart wrenching and guilt ridden experience and it still brings me to tears . We are a military family and had just spent the most ridiculous amount of money to bring her home from England . Picture me -LRB- suffering from Lupus -RRB- with three kids in tow living in a new state with no friends and my husband in Iraq , having to make the decision to put her down . I can not prove the petmate caused her death but it certainly did n't improve her health . Fresh clean water is so important for any pet but a cat 's urinary system is very delicate , especially if they are on a hard food only diet . Right now I am looking into a fountain for my 2 cats and dog so they do n't have to rely on my memory -LRB- to fill the water bowls -RRB- . I 'm going to try a drinkwell platinum because it has a pre-filter and cleaning tools . Knowing what I know now , when cleaning the fountains , be sure to use your sink sprayer to force out any yuck that may be trapped inside the pump . I 'm not looking for sympathy , just realize they 're are so many other things in life to worry about that you should n't have to wonder if the water bowl is killing your pet !
 We have one of these and one Drinkwell , and the kitties seem equally happy with either one . The Petmate is a bit quieter , but is even more difficult to clean , which needs to be done more often than I 'd like . Neither one is a day at the beach to clean , but the Petmate has even more little nooks and crannies and narrow little spots that are almost impossible to get the gunk out of . And as soon as you 're done and fill it with fresh water , it starts getting icky again before you know it . Since there 's no obvious useful purpose for all the little hard to reach spots , I can only conclude that whoever designed these things likes cats OK , but hates their owners .
 I thought I was doing the right thing by my cats when I brought this Petmate water fountain home . Wrong . Right from the start , the pump has sounded like a small jet aircraft at take off . I 've done it all -- dismantle and reassemble the pump , dismantle and reassemble the entire unit , drain and refill with cool clear distilled water . No . It is too loud to use near human habitation , and it is too loud for the cats to bother approaching it for a drink . And as someone observed here , it fills with junk and clogs in a heartbeat . Nope . I am resigned to leaving a faucet dripping and a bathroom door ajar around the clock to make sure our two cats get enough fresh water . This product has been a bust .
 I bought 2 of these things within a 31/2 year period . The theory behind what it is supposed to do is different from what it actually does . The problem is the water needs to be filtered before it reaches the electric pump , not after . As your pet drinks , saliva from your pet will cake up around the water intake of the pump . After a couple weeks , the intake gets clogged up with a thick brown mucus and the pump begins to overwork itself trying to suck up water to push through the filter on the other side . If you don &#8217; t stay on top of cleaning it by rinsing the pump with hot water , which is an involved and messy process of taking the whole Petmate apart , the pump will burn itself out after a short period and then you have to go out and buy a whole new Petmate.It &#8217; s not a wonder they &#8217; re only guaranteed for a year because each one I bought lasted about a year and two to four months .
 This item is too noisy and hard to keep clean -LRB- a film builds up on it -RRB- . I would pass on this .
 Bought a couple of these in the past and the same thing always happens , the pump goes out and its cheaper to buy a new one rather than a new pump
 i bought 2 of the petmate deluxe water fountains in the past year.the pumps -LRB- which were kept clean by washing in water and vinegar -RRB- both expired after a few weeks and a replacement pump also failed.pumps were made by jebao -LRB- chinese -RRB- . what is so bad about this is the fact that i contacted the petmate offices in texas with a handwritten letter and they do n't even have the courtesy to send a reply.you ca n't seem to find any info on the web as to contacting corporate offices , and i see why.so if you want a product that is dependable , and someone who stands by their products , do n't pick petmate.i have learned my lesson .
 The cats loved this but after only about a month the pump went out and it was no good any more . My mother had also bought one for her cat and hers only lasted two weeks .
 I really like the fountain but the pump died in under 50 days since purchased . it never ran low on water and it was clean inside and out , I am trying to get a replacement pump from petmate , but I will try a Drinkwell brand next time .
 The cats certainly liked it -LRB- we have 4 ! -RRB- but it 's a pain to clean and it needs it often . Plus it 's difficult to get align it back together with the pump . Always a challenge .
 I 've had 2 of these devices in the past 2 years . They are a nightmare to clean and they need cleaning often . With both devices , I came home to a kitchen floor with a water puddle and no water in the bowl , but no signs of leakage before the flood . Husband bought a different kind this time and hope it works better . I do n't recommend this product .
 I 'm not sure how but water keeps puddling up underneath the unit . I have only had it for about a week and already I am sick and tired of having to clean up water . Not worth it if you ask me .
 We 've had a terrible time with this fountain . The water is pumped into a chamber that goes up over the seam where the top of the fountain joins with the bottom , and this seam often leaks . Poor design .
 I have two cats and thought this was going to be a sensation for them . I was immediately disillusioned though when I had to fill it every other day . Not enough storage for two cats . Then , after about 3 to 4 months it started making a noise like a coffee grinder even though the reservior was full . The reservior stopped adding water and it has to be filled twice daily with a water glass to stop the noise , even though the reservior is full . When the replacement arrives , I 'll escort this thing to the dumpster . On the plus side ? The cats like it .
 My cat loved to fountain but it broke down after just a month . We cleaned it out but it has never worked again although I have seen advice on soaking it in vinegar .
 This product does not displace the cat 's desire to drink out of the kitchen faucet . The unit makes enough noise to be distracting in a quiet room -LRB- not a `` fountain '' noise , but rather a `` motor '' noise . -RRB- We used a large pyrex measuring cup to fill the fountain ... the cat was more interested in drinking the remaining water out of the pyrex cup afterwards . Clever idea , but I 'd recommend against it .
 We first bought this fountain for price and boy do you get what you pay for ! We had actually been through 2 of these , because the first one didnt work properly , well the 2nd one didnt either . The flow is weak and gives out after a day or two and it needs to be constantly cleaned . I was really really disappointed with this fountain . We have since upgraded to the Drinkwell and I mean the difference was night and day . The drinkwell is a little bit more expensive , but it is worth it . Do your pet a favor and get the Drinkwell !
 This product is VERY jumbo ! I bought this for my kittens , because they love to gather together at feeding time so I thought they 'd enjoy having room to drink at the same time . The main problem with this is that sediment gathers at the bottom of the well very easily and the filter is n't strong enough to get it out . So basically every day you have to unplug it , drag the power cord to the nearest sink , and get the whole thing in the sink to rinse it out without spilling water all over the place . I was unhappy with this product and I really could n't see myself going through all that hassle every day to rinse out the well , so I returned the product .
 I had the deluxe model , and thought it was n't working correctly , and I ordered this model , which did not work water gurgled out the sides . I cleaned the deluxe model with vinegar and it is working again ! it keeps water circulating and my siamese and jack russell seem to drink more water . . get the deluxe model , you wo n't be sorry .
 It worked fine for a week and then its just a giant pain to keep working properly . Even with the water level at where it should be , the petmate makes odd sounds . I prefer a regular water dish after using this product .
 I must say that my cats do enjoy drinking running water . I first encountered a problem with this product with in its first week of use . mainly , my cats would reach their paw in the hole that the water comes out of and rip holes in the filter cartridge.The cartirage is poorly designed in the first place . it is made of a felty material the is just asking to be ripped apart . my second , and finial problem with this product is the lack of filtering on the water pump . This product is made for pets , you would think that they would put a filter of some kind infront of the pump to prevent it from being clogged with fur . well they didnt . my pump would clog with fur at least once per week . i had this product for 3 months when the pump stopped working .
 Good for a few weeks . Now it starts to make loud girdling noises . Now the water seems to SLOWLY leak . Water ran well when I first got it but after a few weeks -LRB- 3 weeks -RRB- the water seems to stop running -LRB- now only leaking drip by drip -RRB- . The girdling sound is so loud that it scares my cat . I put enough water in this thing but I really do not know why the machine is not pump smoothly and powerfully even at max setting . Waste of money.UPDATE
 Before purchasing this Freshflow Fountain I ` watered ' my dogs via a stainless-steel bowl in a raised feeeding-station . Having bought the LARGEST one which is quite expensive , I now truly wish I 'd stayed with that arrangement . When I 'm out of filters -LRB- bought three packages w/fountain -RRB- I shall go BACK to previous arrangement!This thing is AWFUL to clean ; there are numerous crevices & corners that my long/narrow brush can not reach & believe me , it needs cleaning at least twice weekly . I have two Yorkies & a Golden , so it gets well-used but even so , it 's extremely labor-intensive . The fountain is just TOO much work to give them a clean , sanitary container from which to drink . It is is VERY heavy when the water-level is as it needs to be ; lifting it to the sink is very hard on one 's back , especially for those of us who are seniors , as am I.The ads for this are VERY misleading , ` easy to clean ' ? Not hardly , this thing is a nightmare!Sincerely , V. Le Gare
 I have a dog and 2 cats.This product seemed like a great idea
 The concept is great . My cats love flowing water . BUT do not waste your money on THIS product . LOUD AND BADLY DESIGNED . I actually like the sound of running water far better than a constantly humming motor . People that reviewed this product and said the motor is quiet either have TV on constantly or have small noisy children running around to mask the CONSTANT humm.I agree that you have to take it apart to clean the motor from pet hair and that a nylon stocking helps eliminate that problem . However , what the other reiewers forget to tell you is that it takes about 15 to 20 minutes to put the product back together again each time , due to poor product design . The pump has to line up with a rigid plastic hole while you hold the rigid plastic gate in place and keep the rigid plastic cord keeper from falling off . If you manage to get all those pieces lined up , then there is still all the plastic nipples that have to go in the plastic holes to hold the top in place . It is a nightmare of poor product design ! Why should I have to put a nylon sock over something to make it work when I purchased it because it says it works ??? It also says the motor is quiet . It is not , even with a sock.If people actually like this product for convinience over its faults it is because we , as Americans , are too used to wasting our money on poor producuts and bad designs then throwing them away and purchasing more . Do not waste your money on this product .
 The water pump is designed such that it will constantly take in cat hair and other miscellany , meaning you 'll be unclogging it constantly as water flow diminishes to an almost invisible trickle.The device is only slightly more convenient than just pouring a bowl of fresh water daily . Not recommended .
 Does NOT filter water like you would imagine . Food bits and debri still remain at bottom of bowl . It empties quickly -LRB- we only have one dog -RRB- and it is not easy to refill . Very dissappointed in the product . I do not use it any more , just use a regular water bowl .
 We bought this for our cats , hoping to provide a constant flow of clean water . It 's better than having a bowl , with standing water . The first 3 months of owning it , it worked great ! Our cats loved playing in the stream of water , and it made us feel better to give them clean , filtered water . How wrong we were ! Due to constant water being inside the bowl , mold starts forming inbetween the creases of plastic . We cleaned and changed the water regularly , but there was no avoiding the mold . Soon after , we noticed that the water was barely trickling out of the top . We had to take the entire thing apart & clean out the pump due it being clogged with fur . It worked well after that , but the mold kept forming and it was in places where you could n't clean well . I used a toothbrush and hot hot water to no avail . This thing has been more trouble than it 's worth . Now we 're back to a small water bowl , looking for a decent replacement .
 - `` Problems , Problems , Problems All Day Long '' Like the old Everly Brothers song , this product has been nothing but ongoing problems . The little tank in the back never drains properly , the fountain does n't run well for more than a day without some kind of an assist , the little screen that 's supposed to catch debris before it 's pulled into the filtration system is a nightmare to remove and reinstall ... and so it goes on and on . TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY ! I should have sent it back , but I 'm usually very handy with gadgets of all kinds , and just kept believing I could make this ` lemon ' work well . I was wrong this time . DO N'T BUY THIS ONE ... GET SOMETHING IN CERAMIC OR STAINLESS STEEL INSTEAD , FROM ANOTHER COMPANY !!! PETMATE SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF THIS INFERIOR PRODUCT !
 I have had it for a good while now and have had it . It 's hard to fill you have to pick it up to get the top off and it 's hard to get the water bottle out and then fill it . It goes back easy but god forbid if you ever run low on water . It does n't have to run out just low and the whole thing sounds like a mini jet engine . It also gets hot and sometimes you have to turn it off for a while before you can restart it after filling . I 'd shudder to think what could happen if no one is here and that happens . So I 'm throwing it out . I have not been happy from the beginning but it is just not designed well . It 's a pain to refill .
 First of all the pet mate water for cats that I have leaks , it also is VERY noisy , I might have a defective produc , but for $ 40 , oo dollars this is a disaster ! Now that I 've used it and thrown out the Box I wo n't beable to return it . Luckily I kept my other Pet Mate water which is larger , doesn/t leak and is alot quieter . The only thing that does work well is the cleaner package that you order separetly , do n't really know why I even purchased this , the old one just needed a good cleaning which I did with the cleaning utensils
 I purchased this product -LRB- medium size -RRB- from another website eight years ago . The product worked well and my six cats used it without any problems . The pump worked fine as long as it was regularly cleaned . The major drawback was that the bowl and its various parts were difficult to clean and even more so for me since I have well water and the mineral build up was particularly hard to remove . Then last week the electrical cord actually separated from the pump at the point of entry into the pump itself . I have several small and large water fountains which use pumps and have never had this happen before . But the pump did have some age on it so I began to search for a replacement . The original pump was a Jebao model PP-333-LV . However , the same model is now a different size and lacks the flow control valve . I checked the Jebao website , the Petmate website and many , many other websites in an attempt to find a compatible pump . I was successful only in wasting my time and elevating my blood pressure . The construction of the compartment for the pump is such that you must have the exact same size or it just wo n't work . It has to fit perfectly . I noticed that others who had commented on the same problem cobbled together parts from their old pump along with a new one with satisfactory results . I decided against this route and began to research other pet water fountains . After reading the comments accompanying each it became apparent that each had its own problems.So I decided to make my own . All you need is an aquarium circulating filter -LRB- I used the Tetra Whisper PF10 , about $ 14 -RRB- , a large glass , stainless steel or ceramic bowl and some glass pebbles -LRB- optional -RRB- . I had a beautiful antique crockery bowl lined in blue ceramic that was just collecting dust -LRB- 5 '' deep by 91/4 '' diameter -RRB- which was perfect for the project because it has a 3 '' wide straight band around the top , like a clay flower pot , which holds the clip-on aquarium filter straight up without any shimming . A large straight sided glass salad bowl would also work beautifully . I added some polished glass beads in the bottom to catch the usual debris and it works like a charm - so easy to clean . Google `` make your own pet fountain '' for detailed instructions . And the best part , my cats love it . I gave this product one star because it 's hard to clean , I could not find a replacement pump which fit and Petmate does not have online customer service to answer questions . My Petmate bowl is now in the plastic recycling bin .
 Twice I 've used this device and each time the pump was pathetic . Out of the box the water only trickles and in less than a month it is impossible to tell if water is coming out unless I put my finger against the ramp . Each time I tried using this something broke , whether it was the pump or the cheap plastic pump , I could never keep this up and running for more than 6 months . Not to mention it was always dirty . I do n't mean I had to clean it every other week . Every morning I would have to wash it out and twice a day I was adding a liter of water.This thing is useless .
 I have had mine for about 4 years . I do notice that my cats drink more with a fountain versus a bowl of water and that one of the cats likes to look at it . However , this thing is a royal pain ! I take it apart every 3-4 weeks and clean the extremely tight spots with a children 's toothbrush . There always seems to be brownish crude in it . Not sure what that is . I also take the pump apart , per the directions given to me by a customer service rep at Petmate . I soak the pump assembly in hot water and white vinegar . Do not use commercial cleaning products because they are toxic to animals . There is always hair in the pump that causes clogs and contributes to this horrible dry sucking noise . I get really nervous when I walk in the house after a long day at work and hear the dry sucking noise . This means that the water in no longer in the tank but rather all over my kitchen floor . Not sure if it 's one of my 2 cats that spills the water or something else . But it does happen at night when I know that the cats are not smashing into it . I do know that if for some reason the unit is not entirely making contacts at all of the points , it will leak . Also , if the filter is not in just so , it will leak . This means more dry sucking . Dry sucking will burn the motor out and possibly short causing a fire ? I am at the point now of looking for another brand because I am truly afraid of coming home to a fire . Again , I am a neat freak and clean this thing regularly . I thought about getting another one , but after reading other reviews , I may try the Drinkwell . Be careful .
 I really ca n't say the product was bad as much as my cat did n't like it . In fact , he disliked it so much that he stopped drinking water altogether and made himself very sick . Make sure when you change products to something new that you observe your pets - I did n't realize my cat was n't drinking the water because he did n't like how it tasted through this new system .
 I suppose it does the job for the most part however , the pump is n't powerful enough to circulate the debris that collects in the bowl and what it does circulate seems to collect in the pump well or adhere to the pump . For the hair , liter and occasional food that we clean out of the bowl and pump well , I do n't really see where any of the debris makes it as far as the filter . I 've seen particles of debris just swirl around in front of the pump well and never get filtered through . I would definitely rethink other brands if I purchased another one .
 We bought this fountain because it had raved reviews and our kitten had been jumping all over the place to get fresh flowing water . We were looking for a fountain that would also benefit us by not being a distraction . He continuously swatted at it for the noise it would make to look for where it was coming from the first few weeks we had it . We clean it regularly and make sure it had a clean filter in it but it still runs very noisy on a daily basis . I 've tried putting something under it to see if that helps but nothing seems to matter . It runs so noisy when its on that we 've come to shutting it off . THe noise that it makes is similar to a refrigerator when it runs . IF anyone knows about a super quiet one can you please let us know ?
 My cat like this as long as I washed it Every day . Filters need replacement each week . If not cleaned slime grows quickly like in two days . It is LOUD and big.Threw it away .
 I have ordered the -LRB- blue -RRB- Petmate Deluxe Fresh Flow Pet Fountain 3 times in 4 years , but I have finally decided to stop ordering this one and try a different fountain . The first one lasted quite a while before it started to have problems . It started to leak a lot of water all over the floor . I read in one of the reviews that the cause of the problem was the filters . So , I took the filter out and sure enough , it solved the problem -LRB- but after having such a huge leak , I 've always kept the fountain on a cookie tray to keep the water on the tray -RRB- . But then the pump started to make loud noises -LRB- even though I cleaned the fountain weekly and kept it full of water -RRB- . So , I ordered a second one since they are n't that expensive . The 2nd one leaked water right away , so again , I took the filter out , but after a while , it was leaking even with the filter out . So I ordered a 3rd one and this one only lasted 4 months until the pump totally broke somehow -LRB- the water would not go down the ramp at all -RRB- . I also could never use the filter because of the water leaking . So , I finally ordered a more expensive fountain , The Drinkwell Platinum Pet Fountain , and I LOVE it and my cats love it -LRB- my review is on the Drinkwell page -RRB- . Wish I would have bought this one the first time !
 I got this automatic water bowl for my 20 pound dachshund , Pickles , because I liked the fact that it said it would circulate the water . It , however , would barely move the water with its weak and basically useless pump.The pump never had the power to produce much of a stream of water and it would randomly make a ton of loud noises.It was a pain to clean and basically needed to be disassembed and reassembled each time to clean it properly.The pump totally stopped working after a little more than 2 months . It would be nice to sell something that does what it says and to a normal standard.My husband always hated it for some reason and said it was ` evil ' and ` going to burn down our house one day ' I thought that was a little dramatic but it never impressed him.I felt it is a good idea cause I hate to see stagnant water in Pickles ' water bowl but they need to redesign the pump with one that actually works since most people are probably buying it for the pump.Be wary and be forewarned !
 I ordered this Petmate as a replacement for the larger one I had for nearly 3 years . This one came with a defective pump . The instructions say that the pump should be noiseless . Not the case ! It made a loud whoosing sound , even after I took it apart and cleaned it several times . Tried a replacement pump - same results . I could not figure out if it was the pump or poor fit of the plastic housing . Finally got tired of dealing with this and threw it out today .
 The fountain worked for 6 months and the poor quality of the pump I noticed when I put it together came through and died on me this week . After reading another negative review , I will try the drinkwell .
 One of my cats insists on drinking from the faucet . So I bought this fountain hoping to encourage more water drinking . Needless to say , my cats did not like this pet fountain . They went to the standard bowl of water instead . Also , it is loud . My husband commented on the noise as soon as he walked into the room . I had to take this fountain back . : - -LRB-
 Had our Petmate for just over a year . I just tonight threw it in the garbage . When we first got it , it took my 2 cats over a month before they would go near it . They seemed to like it okay after that . About a month ago I found it had been leaking a little . I took it apart , cleaned it and it appeared to be okay . I never did figure out why it was leaking or from where . Tonight after being gone all day , I came home to find a big puddle of water on the floor . Again I ca n't see why it 's leaking or where it 's coming from . I had it setting next to the microwave stand which now has water damage around the bottom . Leason learned . I guess the cats will just have to get used to the old fashoned bowl of water again .
 Of course your pets enjoy fresh water but this fountain is not the answer . It does not keep the water fresh and becomes dirty rather easily . My dog , who drinks filtered and non-filtered water , did not enjoy the taste of the water after it ran through this fountain . However , the hubby and I decided to keep it hoping he 'd get more adjusted to it , and he eventually did . But there were other problems
 Update
 I purchased two of these fountains . One for myself and one as a gift . Out of the two , one of the pumps was dead on arrival . The one that did work began to get very loud over time.From a general functionality standpoint it worked well . If you have a cat that likes to drink out of a running faucet , bath tub , etc. , they may not necessarily like this . As seen in the picture , the water flows down a slide to the bowl . Some cats wo n't like this as compared to an actual stream of water offered by some other fountains.For any fountain , I would recommend something like a motion sensor plug to turn the fountain on only when the cat or people are nearby . I have n't personally tried this so I ca n't speak to how well it works , but this is the idea I have in mind : SENSOR PLUGOverall I ca n't say that I recommend this fountain . The construction is very good other than the pump . -LRB- Also note that it was going to cost me more to ship the broken unit back to CA for repair than it was worth so I essentially lost my money on this purchase -RRB-
 Great idea of flowing water . Fresh water is the hope , but in reality it 's dirty water . I bought this , ran it for 2 days , and noticed black mold . I took it apart to clean it and was so disgusted by the amount of mold and slime , I cleaned it -LRB- took forever with all the parts -RRB- and took it back to the store . I just could n't bear the thought of my dog drinking from that thing .
 This thing is supposed to provide fresh water for your pets , right ? Well we stopped using ours and went back to the old water bowl , because dust would build up on the surface of the water . The water flow was slow , not providing good filteration . The dish gets scummy fast , and the filters got nasty in just a couple of days . Before long we found mold in the filer and inside the machine . It is not easy to clean , and requires constant maintainance . We stopped using the filer for a while and it worked a little better , but what is the point of that ? I would n't reccomend buying one - I 'd give you ours if I could .
 When I was in school , my cat used a Drinkwell fountain , which he loved . After I moved across the country to California , I decided to buy him another fountain , this time a Petmate Deluxe . What a terrible mistake . This beast is amazingly loud ! The pump makes a very irritating grating sound , a lot like a fan that 's misaligned such that the blades grate against the sides . It 's an incessant grinding plastic noise that I can hear two rooms away . The Petmate sits in my kitchen and actually rivals the noise of the dishwasher.Although it was n't enough to scare my cat , after three days I could n't take it anymore and unplugged it . Now it sits there like an overpriced plastic water bowl . At least the Petmate was limited to a splashing water noise , which was actually somewhat calming . There is nothing calming about this . Had I not thrown away the box , I 'd return it today.Please do n't buy this !!!
 This product is great for about 1-2 years . Over time , the motor will get bits and pieces of your pets ' fur and food , which causes the motor to break down , even with regular cleaning . I found no way to purchase a replacement motor , so I was really bummed -LRB- as were my cats ! -RRB- . I ended up purchasing a new fountain , but upgraded to theDrinkwell Platinum Pet Fountain . I highly recommend that fountain because it has a small guard that blocks food , fur , and other particles from getting into the motor and its ' reservoir .
 We bought this fountain only about a year ago and have completely stopped using it because it was such a pain to keep working . After about a month of working the water reservoir stopped draining , even when completely full . We tried everything to get it to drain , but eventually just decided to take the reservoir out and manually fill it everyday . For most of the year then we have been just filling it a couple times a day , which was annoying , especially when the pump would start sucking air in the middle of the night . After one of these middle of the night episodes , my husband unplugged it and refuses to use it anymore . I would never recommend this pet water fountain to anyone and was very disappointed with the whole thing . Only half of my cats wanted to use it anyway .
 We bought this new Petmate Fresh Flow to replace an existing unit that had served us well for several years but which was becoming difficult to clean . Unfortunately the pump on the new product for some reason no longer has adjustable flow although the flow control lever is still there but intentionally frozen in the maximum position . This results in a very noisy product with water overflowing the internal filter reservoir continually . We installed the pump for our old unit and all is well but this new product appears to have a significant flaw .
 I purchased this product 1 year ago and immediately my cat loved it . The first pump went out after about 6 months so I bought a replacement pump , the replacement pump was fine except that it was more powerful so the water gurgled out of the top seam causing puddling on the floor . After about a month the pumps efficiency diminished enough that it did not puddle anymore . That pump lasted about 5 months so I put in another replacement pump . I am currently dealing with the same situation of the over zealous pump causing leaking and puddling.The unit is easy to fill and easy to clean but I am currenly online searching for a different brand . As much as my cat loves his water dish I ca n't deal with the leaking . I would not recommend this product .
 The cats like the fountain , but it leaks unless the water level is very low . Since many people do n't have this problem I suspect that it depends on how tight the joints between the various parts are . Sealing the joints wo n't work because the device needs to be taken apart for cleaning.If you get one , be prepared to send it back if it leaks.Edit
 Like the previous review , this product does require alot of cleaning . I , along with my mother who also purchased one at the same time , had problems with leakage . I narrowed it down to the holes in the bottom portion that the top portion hooks into . Once I taped the holes over and broke off the connectors on the top portion , the leaking stopped . However , one week later the motor died . This happened only three months after purchase despite thorough cleaning once a week . My cat loved it , but I would n't buy from this company again .
 I spent a long time at Petco comparing this fountain with the Drinkwell . I could see no difference except the price , so I bought the Fresh Flow Deluxe , which was half the price . Three weeks later the Fresh Flow Deluxe has quit working . I changed the filter and checked the pump , but I ca n't get the thing to work . On the other hand , my friends are still using the Drinkwell they bought several years ago.Oh , and by the way , where it says that the Fresh Flow Deluxe is `` ultra quiet '' ? That is n't true either.I 'm going to buy a Drinkwell and toss the Fresh Flow .
 I had a Drinkwell fountain for awhile , for my two cats at home . I also have two cats at work and decided to bring the Drinkwell in for them and I got one of these Fresh Flow fountains for home . I switched at home because I thought the Drinkwell was a pain to clean . The first time I changed out the Fresh Flow I was wishing I had just gotten another Drinkwell . The two main components of the Fresh Flow are easier to clean than the Drinkwell but the benefits stop there . The reservoir is very small and impossible to clean . The water in the bowl gets full of crud the very first day and it all just sits in the bottom -LRB- Fur , bits of food , dirt from one cat 's paw who likes to dip his paw into the bowl -RRB- . It needs to be cleaned constantly . The bowl part is too shallow and the water does n't seem to move out of the reservoir correctly , and the water level in the bowl gets too low and the pump makes sucking noises . The pump itself gets coated in slimy goo.My cats also prefer the actual waterfall the Drinkwell provides . I 've never seen them lap water from the plastic slide in the Fresh Flow . I gave it to a friend and bought another Drinkwell for home . Drinkwell filters are cheaper and easier to find , so even though it 's more expensive initially it turns out to be the better deal .
 I received the PetMate FreshFlow in November , 2005 , and put it to work right away . My wife and I have six cats , ranging from longhair to shorthair to haireverywhere , and I am pretty sure they all drank from it . They became accustomed to it very quickly , the youngest being absolutely fascinated by it . The entire time , I also had a high-capacity gravity-fed waterer in another room , so it was n't the only source of water being used.Most noticible is that the FreshFlow is almost silent when the water is topped off , but if the water level falls , there is a very discernable motorized-gurgling noise . This goes away as soon as you refill the reservoir tank by removing the lid , pulling out the tank -LRB- which reminds me a bit of a gerbil waterer on steroids -RRB- , unscrewing the cap , filling it up , then doing all this in reverse ; a 30-second process.The gurgling happens every day , and I would rinse the unit every couple/few days , and completely wash the unit out once every two weeks . I also changed the filter regularly , at least once a month . Beyond this , I made a point of pulling cat hair away from the little plastic screen in the water bowl , well , all the time . In short , I thought I did a pretty good job in maintaining the equipment . Any more than what I did , and honestly , I would rather buy surgical steel dishes and rotate them on a daily basis for the cat 's use.Still , after taking the machine apart completely every few weeks to clean as instructed , the submersible pump failed after exactly 19 weeks and three days of use . I liked the machine ... when it was working.I just purchased a pet fountain from a different company -LRB- I ca n't recall the make offhand ... I should be receiving it soon -RRB- that ran in the $ 40 neighborhood , and I think it will be worth the extra money , but time will tell.All in all , I do n't think this purchase was worth it . Maybe it 's because of all the cats and cat hair , but for those of us at least who do have a multiple cat household , I think it 's wise to consider buying a higher-scale unit .
 This water bowl is soooo noisy . No matter what we do this thing makes a ton of noise . It really must have the cheapest water pump China can make inside it . It was only quiet for about the first two weeks , then I bet the pumps little heart gave out . Filling it rarely helps , kicking it sometimes does . It looks cool ... I hope you have better luck . At least our cat likes it , however he usually likes anything that annoys us .
 I owned this product prior to ordering a new one as the pump shot craps on the old one . The old one I had worked great . The new one that I just got is very noisy . In fact we had to put it in a room downstairs so that it would n't keep us up at night . It seems to make a loud buzzing sound that is very irritating and distracting . Taking off the top part of the waterer to clean it is also very difficult with this new one . The old one was a cinch to clean . With this new one I have to pry the parts apart with a knife in order to disassemble it for cleaning . I do n't know what happened in the manufacturing process but the new one is certainly not as good as the former product .
 This was great for a month.Then the pump gears started to grind.It continued to work but it was extremly loud .
 I have 3 cats who refuse to drink water from a regular bowl . The 1st fountain I purchased for them was a Fresh Flow and they loved it . I wanted a 2nd fountain and since they also like drinking water from a running tap , I thought I would try the Drinkwell , which has a larger water capacity . They definitely prefer the Fresh Flow . When my Fresh Flow began to make noise after 11/2 yrs , I purchased this new Fresh Flow Fountain in the larger size . Although it is silent when you 1st turn it on , after a short while , it begins to make a very annoying noise . I think this particular fountain must be defective , because I have since bought another Fresh Flow -LRB- but again in the smaller size -RRB- and it is totally silent . My cats definitely like the Fresh Flow almost to the exclusion of the Drinkwell , but this large size one is just too noisy to use .
 I 've now had this fountain for a little over 2 months and the pump is starting to fail.As is , if I unplug it , to start it again I need to open up the pump and push the impeller to get it spinning . Without the initial push to get it running , it simply does n't start.Also , do not think that this fountain will replace your water dish or be less of a hassle . In fact , this will require a tremendous amount of effort to keep running.Daily Maintenance : Clean out cat/dog hair from the mesh.Fill up.Every Other day : Clean the inside filter.Weekly : Take completely apart , wash out all gunk , hair , dirt etc.Open the pump , push the impeller to get it started.Oh and both the cats and dogs seem to prefer the old large water dish as opposed to the fountain , which they also use , but not nearly as much .
 This products sounds better than it is . The noise it makes scared my cats away - they would drink water from any OTHER dish than that one . After about 2 weeks , the dish began to leak , leaving a puddle on the wood floor , warping it before I realized it had a leak .
 It started leaking out the top almost immediately . No way to solve water getting all over the floor . They need to recall this item and give everyone their money back . The water hits the filter and splashes out the back . It needs a water tight rubber gasket and some way to clamp down the top for it to ever work .
 The first one I bought did not work when I brought it home from the store . As much as I was concerned about potential quality control , I gave it another shot.My cats absolutely loved this when it worked . However , that was for under two months.Now , if you do n't treat this well , it makes sense it might wear out . If the water runs low , the motor can easily burn out , as it is meant to be submerged at all times when operating.However , ours was always kept full , since we change the water each day . We did unplug it frequently , since the plug was used my another appliance at times , but I was very disappointed at how quickly it died considering the price I paid for it .
 EDIT
 I bought this from a pet store because I thought constant fresh water was a great idea . But it is n't really fresh water it 's water being recycled through a charcoal filter . Like anything with standing water it must be cleaned . After struggling with this product for a year I finally gave up and went back to putting fresh water in a bowl twice a day for the cat - and that is much easier . Not to mention the cat did n't seem to care one way or the other . Save your money and buy more catnip - something the cat WILL care about !
 Great looking and a great price lead me to try this product . The pump on this thing was completely and acceptably noisy . The product was no cheap and the directions so poor that while I was assembling part of product broke off -LRB- a small clip -RRB- . No matter how great it looks , if it 's really noisy it wo n't work for me , let alone my felines , who wanted no part of the new loud creature . I quickly returned it and spent the extra dough to get myself the fabulously functioning Drinkwell 360 degree pet fountain . Well worth the extra money and it 's pump is whisper quiet . Honestly . Just wish the Drinkwell had a mocha or chocolate brown - it 's one color choice of speckled grey and white looks kind of 80 's ! -LRB- I 'll happily forgive that because it 's easy to fill & so quiet and my 5 babies seem to like it ... -RRB- Drinkwell 360 Pet Fountain
 The pump completely died on me after one year of use . I wish there was a better pump as these type of devices are clearly healthier than a standing water bowl , but without an effective pump they become useless.Someone also ought to make a better design such that water does n't slosh all over the floor when moving or picking the unit up . As I have to frequently clean the entire unit -LRB- due to the weak pump ! -RRB- this is a major issue .
 Item is of very poor design and manufacture quality.Specifically , the cap must be removed to remove the reservoir . The check valve on the reservoir leaks when you insert it into the bowl . The item needs to be cleaned frequently but the pump is directly connected to the cord so you must unplug the whole thing and cart it to the sink . The filter for the pump does not trap cat hair , what is the point ? Worst of all the pump just died after 6 months and they want more $ 14.95 plus shipping for a replacement , that is more than 1/2 of what the whole think costs.You can find a lot better product than this , keep looking !
 This is the fourth unit we have bought over the years . We have been happy with the units to date . Not too long ago , they redesigned the filter and I was not impressed . A quick note to the company yielded a response indicating , even though they seemed much flimsier , they were a better design and were more efficient . I do n't agree but we moved past the issue and continued to use it.The redesign of the entire unit is a different story . First and foremost , the overall fit and finish of the unit has degraded significantly . None of the pieces fit tightly together as they did in the old unit . The pump has been redesigned and now has what at first glance appears to be a more efficient impeller design . However , after using it for just a few minutes , we discovered it is quite noisy . There is a lot of vibration from the pump which is exacerbated by how poorly the pieces of the unit fit together . The result
 I ordered the Petmate Fresh Flow , having owned one in the past that my cats liked but I thought was a pain to clean . I was surprised when I opened the package to find a box labled `` aspen pet cool flow . '' It was an awful lavender color , but otherwise looked the same . Thought about returning it right away because I was angry it was a different fountain , but my cat was sick and I really wanted it to work out . It worked fine when I plugged it in but after a couple hours , a loud buzzing sound started and never stopped . I tried adding water just in case I did n't have enough but to no avail . Unplugged it , dumped all the water out , started all over-same buzzing noise . My cats would n't touch it with that noise going on.I really think Amazon needs to change the product description and picture to match what they actually send you . According to other reviewers , the product has been `` updated '' but it 's now a different color and does n't work the same-if I had known it was different , I would never have risked ordering it .
 I had the old model of this fountain for 6 years - it was wonderful . The old model had an adjustable flow and was totally silent . The motor died on it finally . This new model does not have an adjustable water flow speed and is very loud , in fact mine was defective , the noise was too loud and my cat would not drink from it . A waste of time , energy and money to order this , assemble it , find out it doesnt work , call for return , pack it up and ship it back , and order a different brand , which I ordered the Drinkwell fountain hopefully i 'll have better luck with that one.Too bad they changed the design . Hint to Petmate
 I thought this would be a good choice for my dog since I figured he deserved the best . After reading the reviews it seemed this was a pretty solid choice . The whole concept of it , was everything I was looking for . However , I noticed a couple days after setting it up , that it leaks like crazy -LRB- usually leaves a stream on my floor -RRB- and its loud . Like really loud . I 'm kinda dissapointed . Ive been thinking about just exchanging it , maybe this one is malfuction , but so far not impressed .
 My cat loves to drink from this fountain and uses it more than she would a regular bowl . I introduced it to her at 3 years old after using a bowl her whole life and it took a while for her to get use to , but she loves it now . The fountain worked great for a while ... but after a couple of weeks it started becoming very noisy . This fountain is very picky . If any little thing is bothering it , it makes a tremendous amount of sound and it is a pain to figure out what exactly is bothering it . So this kind of defeats the purpose of it being a self-cleaning fountain . It also does not recycle the water very well . The water still gets very dirty and I see pieces all the time that do n't go through the filter . I think the filter is actually cleaner than the actual water my cat drinks from when I go to change the filter every month . I would n't really recommend this product ... After having it for about 3 months I need something more efficient ...
 I had this for less than three days . The first day it was great . I wish it gurgled more for the cat but it was fine . The last day I noticed that it seemed to be going through water quickly for one cat . Then I noticed the throw rug was saturated . Then i noticed the discoloration of the hardwood floors . Then i noticed the wet spot in the basement . I checked to see if the water container was screwed on correctly . Then i placed it on a dry towel on the kitchen counter . Within an hour the towel was saturated . Luckily I bought it at Walmart . Back it went but instead of putting it aside so that some other poor peeson would not be sold this piece of crap . They put it aside to be reshelved . I wish I could give this 0 stars.If this fails on you it could do major damage before you discover it .
 We purchased two -LRB- medium and large -RRB- for our 3 cats and small dog . I spend 30-45 minutes every weekend thoroughly cleaning the fountains . If you buy this product , plan on arming yourself with a small brush , Q-tips , and yes , even toothpicks to get into the small crevices to remove build-up gunk . Looks nice but poorly designed . I did n't realize how much cleaning the pump needed , even on the inside , and burned up the first pump within two weeks . I would not buy this product again . The only two good things I can say about it
 Fooled into thinking this is the best product around.the product was intentionally designed with a flaw to destroy the moter and force one to buy a new one . -LRB- why else would the company sell the motors and offer them as soon as the item was produced -RRB- . Any intelligent engineer would have designed the product to have the filter BEFORE the motor , insuring the motor stays clean as well as the output water . we have to clean out the moter every 6-8 weeks so that it does n't burn out from being clogged from dust and cat hair . I hope they redesign it and when they do , I will then write another review .
 When this fountain is freshly cleaned , the cats love it . The water does stay cool . But cat hair -- lots of THAT around here -- clogs the pump , and if the whole thing is not taken apart and completely cleaned with a toothbrush weekly , it grows slime . Eeeeuuuw . The first pump lasted about three months , then the replacement lasted about a month . Not really worth it , because the picky fussy cat would really rather drink from the toilet anyway .
 It 's not the prettiest product -- kind of looks like a toilet , and I think the sound of the motor was what put our cat off . The cat , who usually steals our water in whatever form or location , wo n't go near this fountain when it 's on . For your reference , we also have a Siamese , which can be a picky breed .
 I 've had this unit for over a year and while I like it better than a plain bowl of water , there are some flaws.The blue reservoir is growing algae in the corners and because of its shape , it 's impossible to clean those spots . I also have hard water in my apartment , so the slide gets a lot of hardwater build up which does n't come off with scrubbing . Finally , the thing is always getting clogged up with cat hair and weekly cleanings are necessary if you do n't want your cat drinking gross hairy water.I will likely purchase the type of fountain that comes down like a faucet whenever this one breaks but I wo n't buy this one again .
 I also called the company and they said they could not help me except to offer advice on filling and cleaning . I have been filling and cleaning the unit the same way for 18 months and all of a sudden it started to leak . The woman said that many units were sent back because of leaks and they could n't get them to leak . Seems like there are a lot of us out there that CAN get them to leak.We ca n't all be wrong . I told the woman there are a lot of comments on amazon about the leaking units . My cats love the filter and I want to use it because my cat once had a UTI before I started using it . I just do n't want to buy another one after only a year and a half . You would expect it to last longer .
 My original lasted several years before it started leaking . I replaced it , and was dismayed that the new one began leaking about a week later . I replaced that one - thanks Amazon - and the new new one started leaking within 3 days.I 'm not sure what is wrong with these , but the water appears to be seeping out of the bottom . Nothing has changed on my side.I 'm going to have to return this one as well , and now change brands . What a waste of time .
 I just bought this fountain about 2 weeks ago . It would be my third one in about 6 or 7 years . I have always been happy with this product until now.The fountain I purchased was the larger fountain -LRB- by accident -RRB- . Its hard to tell by the companies description exactly what fountain -LRB- size -RRB- you are getting.I found that the internal design was changed a bit from the previous and almost identical fountains I have owned , made by this company.This new larger fountain has 2 big flaws .1 . The fountain actually partially empties itself onto the floor if the power is removed .2 . The water level is way too high even when it is running correctly . That 's one reason why it spills all over creation when the power is turned off.Being an amateur Mr. Fix It i could have fixed it and made modifications to keep it from spilling and also droped the water level slightly , but you know its not worth it.I am sorry to say I now very disappointed that this company did not even test this fountain style before releasing it to market!Two thumbs down for this product !
 I bought this about a year ago and our cat was never fond of it . If the water level goes down too much the motor gets loud which also scares the cat . I think it 's because the water slides down the plastic slide , it does n't pour like a true fountain . I find myself putting water bowls out around the house because our cat wo n't drink out of this water fountain . Anyway , for what it 's worth , we 're switching to the Drinkwell ...
 Noisy pump and splashy waterfall that made a halo of hard water stains . Only my Maine Coon Cat would go near it , drawn by the flowing water . Under the `` hood '' this fountain has TOO MANY -LRB- unnecessary ? -RRB- tight corners that harbor uncleanable areas . The best way I found to really clean the PetMate fountain was to remove the pump and submerge the parts in a pail containing a diluted bleach solution . While effective , it was time consuming and even with the most thorough of rinsing , my cat found the odor to be objectionable for the first 24 -LRB- + / - -RRB- hours . The little water reservoir is like filling an old fashioned water cooler - invert it quickly and hope for as little spillage as possible . I always seemed to end up soaking up a couple of paper towels getting the area dry enough for my cat 's tootsies . With only one cat using it , I gave up and donated it to my local shelter for their rummage sale.FWIW , I substituted one of those clear , plexi , three liter `` beta '' aquariums you can find at the pet store that comes with its own little power filter . There is n't any need for gravel or plastic plants , just the bare bones tank/bowl and the power filter which has it 's own easily changable carbon & floss cartridges that keeps the water fresh and clean . The water fall design of the power filter oxygenates the water and it has enough of a flow to keep my spoiled Maine Coon Cat happy . The smooth sides of the four sided tank/bowl quickly wipes clean . All three of my cats readily accepted this work-around for their pet water `` fountain '' . > ^ !! ^ <
 The water flow is good , but the machine is not as quiet as it claims to be . I have tried multiple home remedies to minimize the motor noise . The manufacturer 's claim of no noise and to simply push the suction cups down more does n't work . I bought two and they both have this issue . The cats got used to it within a couple days and it 's a non-issue for them .
 Fairly easy to put together . Within two days the unit started to make lots of noise ; vibrations , grinding , etc. . This unit is obviously not put together very well . I recommend buying something from this company in stores to avoid the hassle of shipping back for refund/exchange .
 Worked well for the first 3 weeks or so , then the pump stopped pumping . Fountain stopped working . I do not recommend this product
 I ordered a Petmate Fresh Flow fountin fountain but a Aspenpet cool flow fountain was in the box and NOT a Petmate fresh flow . This is not the item I ordered and the return sticker was removed the packaging so it can not be returned . I would NOT order this item , it is NOT the Petmate fresh flow that is advertised but another brand .
 We have had this for over 6 months and we are cleaning it as constant as we did the manual water refill . We bought it for our cat but its constantly getting dirty . I dont think the filter works well at all . The film still gets around the bowl and his hair is in it as well . it does maintain filled pretty long but we bought this to clean out the junk he gets in it and its terrible . I am currently searching for a different one as we speak and figured id post about how much of a waste of money this system is . Trust me dont waste your time or money on this product .
 Had the vendor sent me the item for which I paid , I might be able to write a decent review . However , they sent me the WRONG ITEM ... TWICE . Therefore , I am returning it for the second time and getting a refund . I 'd rather pay full-price with another retailer than to get a `` deal '' for the incorrect item . I will never order from them again as custsomer service is apparently of no concern .
 Ok , I 've had this fountain for like 2 years . In the beginning I thought `` Wow , works well and the filter are at a reasonable price '' . WRONG ... keep reading.First - It 's always a pain-in-the-rear end to clean this thing ... Not only you have to take all the parts out to get a thorough cleaning but it 's also VERY hard to get all the spots . I use a toothbrush , a sponge and Q-tips to clean and I still could n't get to all the curve and corners . Bad design.Second - the curve and corners where you can not get to , mold start growing there . -LRB- Brown/green gooey stuffs ... -RRB- Third - This morning as I as cleaning the fountain , I dropped the little motor by mistakes . I 'M GLAD ... Why ?? Because there were THICK brown slimey gooey stuffs fell out onto the floor . As it turns out , all the dirts/salivia are trapped INSIDE the little motor where you just can not get to it.Keep in mind - I thorough clean the fountain every 2-3 days , I change filter on time and I only have 1 cat . After cleaning the fountain with a toothbrush , a sponge and Q-tips , I also pour hot water over it to kill any left-over germs . YET , `` stuffs '' can still grow in this fountain.If you care about your pet -LRB- s -RRB- , PLEASE do n't get this fountain ... I have a Bengal and he loves running water ... I just need to find a better solution .
 I 've been using the Petmate Fresh Flow Water Fountain for years . I just purchased a new one to replace one that failed . Upon reading the safety instruction , I have become aware that the power cord contains lead . Quote
 Have used several of these type fountains for years . This is one of the worst . Pump is too strong for the size of the fountain with no ability to adjust the flow . With the top on it bubbles up out of the filter area and all over the floor . It had made a terrible mess before I realized it was leaking .
 I ordered the Espressop color and they shipped a white one . I decided to keep it anyway , however when I out it all together and them plugged it in the motor was a b it loud , and as the days past the motor became even louder , and yes I had water in it . The noise drove me nuts , so I called Target -LRB- becasue it was shipped from Target -RRB- to ask if I can return it at the store and they said yes . Even though I made it clear on the phone that I ordered it through Amazon , after being at the customer service desk at Target for 45 minutes the third manager who was called over finally knew what he was doing and said that I have to ship it back to Amazon ! I will NEVER order something shipped from Target ever again , nor would I ever recommend this petmate system !
 Great idea , lousy pump . Unlike the other reviewer who 's experienced the pump failure , I refuse to buy a new heap of plastic every 6 months . Looks like it 's hit or miss , since several reviewers have not complained of pump failure , but I 'll wait for a better pump before buying another .
 This was a major disappointment . I do n't know how they call it a `` fountain '' when all it does is drizzle out of a lame little hole . There is NOTHING `` flowing '' about it . Do n't waste your time on this hunk of junk !
 After operating the Petmate Fresh Flow Cat Fountain for a month my 2 cats wo n't go anywhere near it . Very disappointing !!
 I bought one of these several months ago . It was great for about two weeks , and since then it 's been nothing but trouble.To begin with , the filter is essentially worthless . It has a few small , loosely packed granules of activated charcoal in a big bag made of white fuzzy filter material that does n't even reliably collect the algae that inevitably form in the thing . The filters do n't last months , as the instructions claim -- more like a week or two until they 're hopelessly contaminated with algae and have to be discarded lest they cause the whole bowl to gunk up.Oh , did I mention the algae ? This thing is just full of nooks and crannies that get splashed with water -- but do n't stay wet or have continual flow over them -- perfect for breeding the icky green stuff . It 's nearly impossible to clean it well enough to stop the growth once it starts ; all you can really do is slow it down enough that -- if you 're lucky -- it wo n't make the water taste bad or -LRB- worse -RRB- make your pets sick . In fact , we thought we 'd sanitized the entire thing using bleach -LRB- no easy feat , and * not * something that should be necessary -RRB- only to see the algae regrow twice before we figured out that it was even inside the pump , which we had to disassemble into 3 pieces to clean -- well , clean , more or less . I 'm not going to dump bleach into the pump , it has metal parts.I pin the blame for this one on the crummy filter , first and foremost , and on the product design that creates dark , damp , hard-to-clean surfaces everywhere . Oh , and did I mention that the filters are hard to find ? Big chain pet stores are happy to sell you this water bowl -LRB- I assume they make more margin than on the Drinkwell , which was the original product in this category -RRB- but ca n't be bothered to stock the filters . There are aquarium filters in similar sizes -- those would actually even do some good , unlike the Petmate filters -- but the cheap pump wo n't generate enough pressure to give a decent flow rate through them . Nice.Don ' t make the mistake I did . Buy a Drinkwell , not the house-brand knockoff -LRB- this product -RRB- even if it 's on sale .
 First one we owned was a gift worked for over 4 years . The one we purchased fromAmazon last less than 3 months . This is a problem . Wont ' buy pet items fromamazon again .
 then it got really loud and within 2 weeks stopped working altogether . I have n't had time to return it .
 This is for puppies the bag is super small !!! The bag did n't last more than a day . I thought it was funny when I got the bag I thought it was a gift to be honest !!!
 I 'll begin by saying that my cats have a voracious appetite . They are under a year old . 10 months ? They can eat an enormous variety of food . For this reason I was flabbergasted that they -LRB- both -RRB- smelled the food and walked away ! Then I tried mixing it with a dry cereal that they love , NOPE , that did n't work either . So i allowed a good 20 hours go by without feeding them and again nothing . They would have starved before eating this stuff . The packaging is also what got me . They threw in a couple of cans they were dinged up and no labels . You could n't place those on a store shelf , but hide them in the box for an unsuspecting online customer ? Sorry ca n't rate this even one star . The worst part is I have another shipment this time `` chicken and liver '' from the same company . I 'm praying .
 I really hate to do this -LRB- having been a fan of the Van Pattens for years -RRB- but feel that I must to save you money . Opening up a can of this substance will release the most ungodly stench into your home that you have ever had the displeasure to smell . To call this stuff `` natural '' is like saying that Michael Jackson is `` normal . `` Not only will my felines do everything within their kittie powers to sidestep the pungent aroma spawned from this evil can , but I ca n't even manage to feed this to the most malnourished squirrel on the block.When they produce this kind of product , they really must get some sort of quality control that keeps the stench in check.Sorry .
 My first order came damaged/had cut on the fabric ; the return was somewhat easy . When the replacement came - it appears that the concept is good but with some MAJOR flaws . The material used is of very poor quality ; as I opened there is no support on the base none whatsover . On the base there is like an ` elbow lock ' which requires a push to open/close - the edges are very rough and sharp - they are not coated so as I pushed I cut two of my fingers ! Then there is a ` bar ' that need to attached on the top portion to prevent from folding , that is of major flaw also ... as I attached one end of the bar to the other , both side collapsed ! and I almost stab myself with the bar.Overall this flaws needs to be corrected before someone gets terribly hurt . I have since returned the Paha Que Petshelter . And by the way , the company 's customer service have the nerve to tell me that they will take 20 % restocking fee ! I 'm truly disappointed .
 I am sure it is a great cat food - but my five cats did not like the cat food . I tried all of the flavors , and they only nibbled at it , leaving the rest to spoil . A waste of good money . I ended up giving all of the cans to the local animal shelter .
 I ca n't tell you how many harnesses and collars I 've tried . Lots of money spent ! I had high hopes for this even though it was pricey and very similar to a cheaper one with the sherpa sleeves . It is NOT fast or easy to put on , and I have 2 dogs that go crazy when it 's walk time , so I do n't want to fiddle around with halters . And my dogs pulled . Just like they did with the others . Not as bad as when they 're wearing a regular collar but they definately pulled . I have a Jack Russell and a Beagle . Also , my Jack still coughed and sputtered some when she pulled . I 'm looking at 2 others now ... the Easy-walk and the Pro-Stop . I 'll post reviews the one I get after I try it .
 I have a 90 # Doberman He was pulling my Medical Scooter when I was trying to walk him . The Sporn Harness did not help much the only way it helped is if I really had it tight on him . I was scared I would cut his circulation off so do not use it went back to a pinch collar with firmer corections.It may work well for dogs that are not head strong my Dobe is a teenager 18 months old.Sporn Large Training Halter for Dogs -LRB- Neck sizes 16 '' -24 '' -RRB- -LRB- Black - Large -LRB- Neck sizes 16 '' -24 '' -RRB- -RRB-
 I have a 125lb Great Dane and tried this . I think that it might work for smaller dogs but it 's positioned where most of the dog 's power is - in the front quarters . It does nothing to control his head - you ca n't stop them from sniffing or paying attention to things you want them to ignore . Luckily he was behaving himself on the walk and did n't pull too much , but I do n't think he could care less that it was on and if we would have been in a more populated area I think it would have been bad bad news .
 My dog started chewing large chunks off this within an hour , and it only lasted for a few days until I had to throw it away . He also tore off most of the nubs immediately . I 'm still finding little blue nubs he did n't swallow all over the place . Definitely not the toy for aggressive chewers .
 I have a Catahoula and an Australian Shepard . The Catahoula started chewing this apart within the minute I gave it to him . Not for powerful chewers .
 You should monitor your dog very carefully if you give him/her these chews . One of our dogs died as a result of eating these chews , and the other three were very ill for two days . This product is very difficult for dogs to digest and can result in blocked intestines and infection . Since the package did not contain any warnings , we thought they were harmless . Be very careful if you buy these for your dog .
 My 10 lb . min pin shredded this thing in under an hour . This is of terrible quality and breaks into small pieces the dog will swallow .
 My adopted one year old dachshund/maltese mix is a real chewer . After she chewed her way through the corner of the table , a pillow , the credit card bill , an amazon packing box , and much more , I figured it was time to stock up on safer chew toys.I selected a number of products -LRB- many of them produced by Nylabone -RRB- and this proved to be the worst of those I purchased . My little dog was so happy when I gave it to her to chew , but within less than 10 minutes , she had chewed off large chunks of this toy and left them strewn all over the carpet . Nylabone recommend that a dog can safely ingest fragments of this product so long as they are no bigger than a grain of rice , but those that my dog chewed off were about the size of a fingernail . I was worried that she might become sick if she were to swallow any of these large pieces , so I took the product off of her and threw it away . My dog much prefers the Nylabone dinosaur shaped bones . They are extremely sturdy and have withstood her vigorous chewing for over two weeks now .
 My 2 year old boy sheltie likes to chew , but he is far from a power chewer . He prefers softer chew toys , and he tends to pick and nibble at the inedible chew toys . But in about 10 minutes , he had the end of this flexible dental Nylabone torn off into two chunks . I noticed this when I looked over to see one little piece near him , and he was working the other little piece over in his mouth . He promptly spit it out when I asked him to , and gave him a cookie as a reward for doing so.I 'd say this dental toy is softer than the other Flexible Nylabones -LRB- with those , he gets tiny , tiny pieces off , like grains of rice -RRB- . Be very very careful giving this to your dog as it is n't an edible chew toy , yet it 's soft like an edible chew , and that 's a dangerous thing for dogs . Dogs are like toddlers , they will put all kinds of dangerous things in their mouth if we let them , so be careful with this chew toy . Or , you can not buy it in the first place and not take the risk . I wo n't buy this again for my pup . There 's only a small number of dogs who are the chewing type who would be okay with this chew toy ... . you know , like toothless dogs * might * be okay.The nubby texture of this dental Nylabone is great though , got my sheltie 's attention . He got a regular smooth flexible -LRB- chicken flavor , I think ? -RRB- Nylabone at the same time and he preferred the nubby texture of this dental bone .
 No matter how often I put this away and reintroduced it , my pup was simply NOT interested . I bought it thinking it would be ideal for teething - but not for us .
 My dog has super powers or this is not a very sturdy product . I do n't have rotts or dobies or pittbulls , I have a 50 pound golden retreiver that broke this in half within 10 minutes of chewing on it . Although he did seem to enjoy it before it broke .
 Have a 35 pound boxer/lab mix . There was half of this thing left in maybe 30 minutes . I took the rest away and then she threw up the pieces she ate .
 Do not do business with this company!This is a good product , my dog already has one and I wanted to order many more to have on hand.This company was running a good sale so I chose them to give my business.At $ 3.99 per chew , I wanted to order six . The pretotal was to be $ 8.52 . Shipping and handling was -LRB- gird your loins -RRB- $ 29.94 , for a grand total of the original price of $ 8.52 order to total , including tax $ 38.46 . Shame on this company ! This company represents greed at it 's finest!I placed this same order online with Petsmart and my total order total , including tax and shipping came to $ 20.31 - a difference in price of $ 18.15 For petite dog dental chews!Thus , my advice is to order this product from Petsmart .
 Got a tiny Yorkie WHO LOVES these things.But this one is the GIANT one.So she just kind of nips at it.Doesn ' t make it a bad thing.Just not what I thought it was.AND I HATE THE NYLABONE COMPANY for only packaging 1 tiny blue bone in a 3 pack with 2 nasty bones my dog does n't like , just individualize your product people . C'mon man .
 so there it was , the Dental Cew bone . . my doggie took a look then attacked it like an ethiopian attacking a donut . Then BAM broken in half . . end story
 The litter is sharp and caused my cat 's paws to bleed . I had blood all over my carpet . I hope they come out with softer pellets .
 Nothing against the seller everthing as promised . My problem is the dog wo n't let me carry him in it . He loves to be held but not in this thing/sling ! The sling is very confining so I think that is what he dislikes .
 This is for pets right . Perhaps puppies , Do n't puppies chew - a lot . Sadly , the puppy chewed the plastic zipper and now the crate is useless . I wonder why this is not made with a sturdier , steel zipper ? Though it worked beautifully for 6 weeks , it does not now . I would not recommend this product .
 The last carrier I bought when my puppy was only 2 months old & the weight capacity was 20lbs . As my puppy grew he did n't have much space in the carrier . He still fits in it but is cramped in . I had only 2 visits left for his puppy obedience classes so I wanted to make the carrier last but then my puppy chewed the zipper so we could no longer close him in . And when taking the express bus into the city your dog must remain in the carrier . Therefore I had to buy a new one , which is why I bought this carrier . I figured I needed a bigger carrier with a higher weight capacity so as he grows I wont have to buy another one . When it came I loved how easy it was to assemble and how you could fold it up and pack it away when not in use . My puppy also had plenty of space more then he needed . I kept this carrier stored away to keep my puppy from chewing the zipper as he did the last one . I used this carrier only 2 times . Each time I used it I was only carrying it the most for 2 minutes at each time which was to get on the bus and off the bus . And during the 2nd use the handle straps to hold the carrier , snapped off completely and I almost dropped my puppy on the floor . I bought this carrier for my 5 month beagle puppy who is n't even 20 lbs yet and this carrier says it holds up to 25 lbs . I am extremely upset with this product . If I can still carry my puppy in his old carrier without the handles breaking which holds up to 20lbs , and this carrier is supposed to hold up to 25 lbs and the handles broke after only 2 uses of me holding it for about 2 mins . Then that says this carrier is poor quality . they need to put better quality staps for the carrier cause my puppy could have been injured . I want my money back or a new carrier . I feel as if I got ripped off .
 I suggest look at the ingredients ; Google each ingredient to find out what you 're feeding your loved one -LRB- s -RRB- while creating false expectations . IMHO , you are throwing your money away . Check out WebMd for dog nutrition information .
 My dogs did eat this variety of ProPac - but definitely prefer the smaller chunks/kibble size ! Would be fine for medium to large dogs , I think .
 Even after two weeks , even mixing with prior food , my cat refused to eat more than a nibble . I have switched back to what he was eating before and he is cleaning his dish again . Sorry . Wish it had worked out .
 Smells terrible and my cats would n't touch it - I ca n't blame them . One of them is n't picky at all and eats anything that you put down in front her but she turned her nose at it as well . Now i 'm stuck with a case . Disappointed .
 The Canidae snap biscuits arrived promptly and well packed . The box flap is difficult to open and needs a design modification . I would guess most users end up ripping it or bending it to work easier.I broke up one of the biscuits and offered one piece to my mini poodle . He pushed it around , put it in his mouth and than tossed it to the floor . He did not like the flavor , being very particular when it comes to food . So fortunately , I have a neighbors dog -LRB- black lab -RRB- who is not as particular and he is enjoying these biscuits.I appreciate the good ingredients and nutritional benefits from this product , but if my dog wo n't eat it , I can only give it two stars.Perhaps a sample pack of the various flavors would be helpful for consumers .
 I have a Welsh Corgi that seems to chew through every harness we have bought for her . Yep , this one lasted almost 30 minutes . If you have a dog that likes to chew I do n't recommend this one . It is made well and looks nice but not worth the money when they only last a few minutes .
 My dog likes this food , but it does n't agree with his stomach.so we 'll have to try something else ! Sorry for that !
 This is the smelliest litter I think I have ever had . Perhaps that is how the odor control is working ... Regardless , I live in a studio apartment and my place is reeking of the litter . I was n't having the same problem with another kind of litter . So , if you have a small place/location for the litter box and want to avoid a pungent litter smell , I would advise trying something else first . Just my two cents ! Happy shopping !
 We 've been buying Pet Tabs for 15 years in the name brand stores and depend on them to provide our dogs the vitamins they need for health . Although the container looks real enough from the Pet Tabs purchase we made on-line from Amazon , the actual tablets are n't the same texture we 've been seeing for 15 years . Was the reason they were $ 15 lower in price that these tabs have passed their shelf life ? Normally pets gulp them down like favorite treats but our normally ravenous black lab mix takes a bite and promptly spits it out -LRB- for 2 weeks now -RRB- . Reading the label these `` new '' pet tabs are made in an overseas location I question . Do they want profit but forgo the quality ? I 've had good luck with books and a GPS purchased on Amazon but for real products and health items I 'd advise sticking with the real store you can walk into . Is there any way I can get a refund on this product ?
 It is a very small bowl and only has a rubber ring that you have to put on to keep it from sliding on the floor -LRB- this is why I assume they call it a non-spill bowl -RRB- . It has nothing to do with no-spill , if bumped it can spill and the dog can still figure out ways to spill it . The bowl has no spill resistant rim and should not be considered a non-spill bowl . I feel as I 've been taken on this product and the manufactures or promoters are giving out false information -LRB- false advertising -RRB- . It 's not worth my time to pursue this anymore . If you 're looking for spill proof dog bowl 's , look somewhere else .
 did not notice this pet tab had calcium , previously bought pet tabs without the extra calcium she loved them . These with calcium she will not eat . Not at all interested in them .
 I bought this product because I needed to stop my dog from his constant barking when he is outside . It was totally worthless . He was curious the first time I turned it on and after that it made him bark more . It also had a bad effect on the birds that frequent my yard . I have n't used it past the first week . I would suggest trying a different method to stop dog barking .
 This product worked the first two times it went off , then the dog just got use to it . The dog now barks when it goes off ! The dog doesnt care , it runs straight up to the product and barks like mad , huge waste of time and money but Smart Home refunded my money .
 I bought two of these . One works just fine but the other failed . To my surprise the unit has no warranty . If the manufacturer has no faith in their product , why should I ? The seller refunded my money but that was because it failed within the 30 day return period .
 Complete Garbage of a product ; I really ca n't stress that enough . It was as if we had never plugged it in at all ; our two -LRB- barking for no reason -RRB- dogs still bark for no reason.Do not buy this product , just move on down the line .
 The mic range on this unit is too short . My neighbors dog is locked up about 15 feet from our fence so that is the closest i can attach the unit . needless to say , the thing never comes on without manual activation -LRB- tapping your finger directly on the mic -RRB- .
 This device activates only when I knock on the microphone ; otherwise , it does not detect sounds at all even when set to the highest sensitivity.My dogs ran away when I managed to make it generate sound , so perhaps it would work if it could sense that that they are barking.It 's going back ...
 I really wanted this gadget to work , but unfortunately it did not . Smarthome was great about refunding my money though .
 I bought this cat food because of the wonderful low price and I enjoy they catchy jingle from the commercials . My cats did eat this food , but after reading the ingredients I completely regret purchasing it and feel just awful for feeding it to my cats . The first three ingredients -LRB- which indicates the most prevalent ingredients -RRB- are chicken by-product meal , corn gluten meal , and ground yellow corn . How disgusting is that ?! The main ingredient is a corn filler . One thing my vet told me a while back that I never forgot
 My large dog played with it for a little bit , but did n't seem to find it too interesting . I thought the bacon smell would entice him , but it did n't .
 I have 2 9 month old chocolate labs and they both love to chew and eat this thing . I would watch your dogs with this chew toy as I bought one of the large ones and it is half gone and going into the garbage . My dogs have n't gotten sick but probably should n't be eating this either .
 this toy is wayyy big for my dog . the bacon smell came from the 2mm hole on both side of this toy . the smell is barely noticeable . i think its a bit pricey . my dog does n't like it .
 I had high hopes for this teeth cleaning `` bone '' , but after a few weeks my 50lb . border collie was able to turn the ends from smooth to very sharp numerous spikes . Not only did it seems these spikes would pierce his gums , but some of the pieces were missing and they could only go one place , his stomach . I expected a better design from Hartz .
 We prefer nylabone products but got this knowing it would be softer for our new puppy . We she had the center part torn up in no time and she was only about 10 weeks old . Our 9 year old lab got ahold of it for 2 minutes and snapped the thing literally in half , that was it . So I would n't buy it again because it wo n't last .
 My dog loves these toys . He would chew on them every day . Unfortunately , when I took him to the vet for his semi annual check-up , she informed me that his upper back molars on both sides were broken . He never showed any signs of pain so I had no idea , but she showed me and sure enough , they were broken and loose.When she asked me what he chews on , I told her we give him these bones and she said that nylon bones frequently cause broken teeth . So , $ 500 later , my 3 year old dog no longer has his 2 back molars.He loved these so much and I 'm sad that he ca n't have his chewy bones anymore , but if I had ever known that these could actually break a dogs teeth , I would have never given them to him .
 Beware of these bones -LRB- any of the sizes -RRB- . My brother 's dog -LRB- boxer/pit bull mix -RRB- ended up needing surgery today to remove a piece of one of these bones that got lodged in his stomach . Dogs can and will eat these without you even noticing . I have one for my dog -LRB- mini dachshund/cocker spaniel -RRB- that will be going in the garbage . It is not worth my dog 's life to have them eating something that can be so harmful to them .
 After receiving the product in the mail , I read the package that this bone is made of nylon and contrary to description , it is NOT edible.I left my 20 pound dog chew on it and after a few hours it was already scrapped and used-up . I usually leave her playing with the bone for an hour or so , and she began to feel really sick in the morning.Last night I let her play with the bone for a couple of hours during dinner , and this morning she threw up and was very sick . This bone made my dog sick , so it 's going in the garbage and getting a bad review .
 Maybe I have a picky guinea pig , but he mostly enjoys the softer parts of the hay , which this brand seems to have very little of . Once they are finished , my guinea pig does n't really seem interested .
 This is not the best hay for your pet . Its coarse and yellow and far from fresh . my guinea pigs only really eat the parts of the hay that kind of look like flowers or wheat or something . I bought it because I ran short and had to get something cheap and fast . Its only good to hold your pets over until you can get something better .
 Too dry , too many big , thick stems that the pets do n't even touch , let alone like to eat . All in all , it 's not worth even the low price .
 The hay is all stems and very tough and course . For hay , you always want it to be soft , fragrant , and fresh . This hay is none of those things.Tough hay is less nutritious than good quality hay . The stems can also cut or irritate your pet 's mouth.I used this hay for a while , but then switched to Oxbow and found that it was much better . My guinea pig ate more hay -LRB- GPs need unlimited grass hay -RRB- and he simply loved it.So do n't waste your money on this , switch to a better brand .
 This hay used to be suitable several years ago for my guinea pigs . Not anymore . It is the rough , tough bottom portion of the hay . And it is not sun-cured , it is burned brown . I 've given it a few second chances in the last few years and it just keeps getting worse . They should look to Petco 's store brand to see what it should be .
 This is the worst quality of hay . It contains mostly yellow straws and rarely any green hay . These are yellow straws and do n't even look close to hay . I have purchased Kaytee 's Timothy hay from Target in the past , but it was 10 times better . I think the vendor intentionally has swapped the hay with yellow straws . Do n't even think of purchasing this hay . I am really frustrated . You can not feed this quality to any living animals . I wanted give no star or negative stars for the rating , but I was forced to enter at least 1 star .
 Product is listed as being marked down from `` $ 49.18 '' to `` $ 3.98 '' and listed as `` 24-Ounce/6cs '' - which makes it seem like a ridiculous steal , and that you are getting 6 of the 24oz bags of hay . You are n't . There is no sane reason why it would be marked down from $ 50 to $ 4 , because there is no reason why a single bag of hay would BE $ 50 . But that is what they are selling . The hay itself seems to be good quality . But I could have gotten a large bale -LRB- read 2 ` x4 ' -RRB- of the same stuff for just a couple dollars more at my local feed store instead of paying for a tiny bale to be shipped to me . They have done this same thing - ridiculously high price `` marked down '' to the pet store regular price - to a lot of the Kaytee items on here , with the ' 6cs ' listing . So just be warned - you are n't getting a deal , you 're getting gypped .
 Well I got it and immediately went to use it . . a bunch of gunk came out . Kinda like if you dont shake ketchup , but it was an EXAGGERATED amount . Like 2 tablespoons . -LRB- Is it supposed to be brown , btw ? -RRB- So I squished it around a bit but there was no way to get it to mesh together . He didnt want the treat I gave him , he kept trying to get a different one . Then last night I heard him gargling and he threw up weird brownish liquid . Darker than the NutriStat . He hasnt really been acting weird but Ill monitor for a few days . : / I wonder why my dog canned it on day 3 but everyone else loved it ? And was mine defective ?
 This was yet another of many attempts to get my medium-sized dog to stop pulling . He absolutely hated it and refused to go anywhere . It was like an episode of crocodile hunters - he was on the ground spinning and tangling in it to get it off . The part that goes over his muzzle was irritating his skin as well . I went with another no-pull leash -- the one with the hook on the chest and one strap goes under the front legs . That one works WONDERS if you can find it . This one is too difficult to get adjusted to .
 I 've used the Gentle Leader for years on multiple dogs because nothing else has worked very well . I have never been delighted with the Gentle Leader , however . My latest dog caused me to switch to a prong collar , which is awesome . I will never go back to the GL again.My latest dog is a 75-pound rescue black and tan coonhound . He is a gorgeous high-energy dog , around 2 years old . As we are asking him to live as a pet and not a hunting dog , he needs to go on a lot of long walks . We generally walk five or six miles a day . We sometimes encounter deer , so it is vitally important that we can control our dogs -LRB- our other dog is another black and tan -RRB- . Anyway , my big boy has changed my mind about the GL . One afternoon on a walk , he was wearing a properly adjusted GL head collar -LRB- loose nose band , tight behind the ears -RRB- when we came upon a large buck . My dog went NUTS over the deer , and the GL helped not one bit . He wanted to run after the deer more than anything , and he ended up scraping his face on the street , struggling to get free of the collar . He did n't get the collar off , but it was also useless in getting control over him . He did n't care if he was bleeding freely , so he certainly did n't care if his nose was being pulled down.I asked for advice on collars from the rescue , and they told me that coonhounds need to be walked with prong collars . I ordered a prong for him , and voila ! Instant well-behaved dog . Of course , I did work with him and trained him to come to me when called so that I rarely need to use the prongs to control him . I must say that the prong collar has ended all pulling , whereas the GL did not . The GL kept him from pulling for maybe two days , and after that he learned to put up with the pressure on his nose and mostly ignore it . I walked him with the GL for more than a week before the deer episode , so he was definitely used to it by then . All of my dogs have been strong of both body and will , and all have learned to put up with the nose loop pressure in time . They all pulled when wearing the GL . The main reason I used the GL for years is that it 's not possible to slip it and it does cause them to pull LESS . All of my dogs have hated it , however . I have a female coonhound I walked on a GL for two years . I just switched her to a prong and she enjoys her walks so much more . She fought the GL collar a little bit every single walk , and like the rest , learned to ignore the pressure from the nose loop . I switched her to a martingale for a bit , but she learned to pull REALLY hard with that one . She pulls not at all with the prong collar.I think the Gentle Leader is probably best used on dogs without strong prey drives . It would probably work well with dogs that sleep on the couch all day and get one walk per week or something like that . I walk my dogs five or six miles a day , which gives them plenty of time to figure out how to defeat a collar . They are also very strong and very smart and totally crazy when they see wild animals . A dog that is basically easy to control would probably be fine on a Gentle Leader . One problem with the GL with a spazzing out dog is that the control comes from below . If your dog is flipping out , the collar does n't work anymore because you are standing above your dog . The design only works to stop a dog from pulling , not from leaping around sideways . It slides around the face and is irritating just makes them freak out even more . With a prong collar , you can slide it up behind the ears and you can control a very crazy , very strong dog because you are above your dog and that 's also where the source of the control is located . The sliding around issue with the Gentle Leader is also seems like it 's worse for jowly dogs.I used the extra large head collar instead of a smaller size is that I was hoping for a wider nose band . In the past , there was an extra extra large size with a wider nose band . I have n't found the extra extra large one anywhere , though , and the extra large has the same width nose band as the other sizes . There 's just more length with the larger sizes which can be shortened easily .
 I love most Premier products , and the easy walk harness is my best friend . However this is dangerous . You have to have it tight just for it to fit , the nose strap is very thin , and it comes off easily . On top of that it hurts . There 's nothing more disturbing than your dog yipping when on a walk . And I 'm talking a rough , brave dog , not one with anxiety who 's sensitive . I did some research and it turns out that the gentle leader can do long-term damage to your dog 's nasal nerves . My dog now has breathing difficulty . Beware
 The concept of the collier works fine except its not ready for the power of a large dog . Our German Shepherd broke the nose strap almost the first day . So if you have a medium dog or maybe a dog that doesnt pull its for you as it does work . But not for dogs that can pull you down the street as this simple fabric can not hold the power of our dog .
 You are probably reading reviews to decide whether or not a head collar can help your dog 's pulling . A head collar , along with training , may help - but I would not recommend this Gentle Leader head collar . + 2 stars for the collar 's ability to reduce a dog 's pulling in normal , calm , walking situations . - 3 stars : I deducted 3 stars because , if the dog decides it wants to go chase a squirrel or excitedly greet another dog , you have very little control and it can become a bad situation very fast . I experienced this last week while walking my friend 's dog with her Premier Pet Gentle Leader head collar . The dog was literally flipping around trying to get to another dog , and all I had was this thin head collar to keep her under control . Not fun.We 're lucky to have emerged from that excited situation without neck injuries for myself and especially for the poor dog . The risks posed by this collar 's lack of any additional leash-loop to connect to a back-up collar became frighteningly evident in that instance . You just have little control if the dog becomes even the least bit excited.Note
 In several places , the instructions warn you not to pull sharply or you risk injury to your dog 's neck . Well , even if I 'm super careful , my wild and crazy dog -LRB- which is why I needed this collar -RRB- may not be . I do n't want to use a lead that may injure my dog . Aside from that , the strap kept riding up into her eyes . It seems that your dog must have a blocky head -LRB- e.g. , Boxer -RRB- in order for that not to happen , but my dog does not . I returned the Gentle Leader , went web-surfing and found something made in Scotland called the Canny Collar . No risk of neck injury , no strap in the eyes and , yes , no pulling ! Do n't waste your time or money or your dog 's neck with the Gentle Leader .
 Just hated this thing from the get go . Could n't figure it out despite the video . Just too complicated all around . And once on , did n't give the results expected . Tossed it and grabbed the halti .
 i bought a gentle leader for my 3 month old GREAT DANE puppy . It does give me better control over her versus a regular nylon collar . I do think you can train a dog not to pull and to pay attention to you and follow you with this halter.You just got ta learn how to . But FIRST you have to fit it on right in order for it to work.In the DVD i received with the head halter it said to make the neck strap tight enough so that only ONE finger can fit underneath it . So i put the the halter on tightly behind her ears , and even then i could STILL fit two of my fingers . So i tightened it more , and more . . and STILL i could fit 2 fingers but i figured it was tight enough so i stopped tightening it . Then i took my dog out for a walk and a few minutes into it , her breathing started to be affected by the tightness of the halter around her neck . She was WEEZING and unable to take in a full breathe of air so i immediately removed it and her breathing went back to normal . REMEMBER at this point of tightness i could STILL fit TWO fingers underneath the halter and she is not a small dog , she is a great dane !!! FURTHERMORE ! the halter moves from the original place i put it on her neck due to the movements during the walk . THAT is something NOT address AT ALL in the instructional dvd . So , i was constantly repositioning the collar ! AND REMEMBER , this was at a level of tightness which inhibited my dogs BREATHING !! I will NEVER put the gentle leader on my dog the way the product makers say to.I DO NOT think it needs to be on SO ! tightly in order for the dog to be controlled by it . The next day , i put the halter on her , and this time i put it on her to where it was right behind her ears and able to only slide down less than half an inch from where i originally placed it.I was able to fit TWO fingers underneath the halter , even 3 ! This worked PERFECTLY , and i was still able to control her very well.The product makers instructions are basically telling owners to squeeze their dogs necks to a chocking point !! and THAT IS WRONG AND UNNECCESSARY . To an inexperienced owner like myself , i ended up chocking my dog !! FURTHERMORE !! , the DVD says your dog would let you know if it was uncomfortable . VERY VERY WRONG !! EXTREMELY WRONG !! i was able to walk my dog down half a block without even a single protest from her due to the uncomfortableness of the collar because i am her pack leader and if i say she is to do something she will do it like i say with true DOG LOYALTY AND TRUST !! With the way I fit it , she was NOT able to take it off , it was SECURE , and the product WORKED just like it was suppose to.Also , just to respond to what a dog trainer on this comments page previous said about being alpha . You admitted when a dog is in an unnatural situation -LRB- HUMAN HOMES -RRB- dominance behaviors are produced because they are forced to form unnatural packs -LRB- with humans and other animals -RRB- while living in captivity . So , establishing an alpha position over a dog is very important and undermining that concept to inexperienced dog owners is not right .
 My dog 's behavior became Very VERY POOR and she would misbehave with this Leader Headcollar . After we did away with it she changed back to her sweet self ; and every once in a while wanted to chase after LOUD cars when I was walking her on a leash .
 Did not fit my dog even though I purchased the recommended size . It is NOT dog friendly as stated .
 Long , long delay in shipping . Overpriced . Vet does not recommend . Discarded this piece of junk .
 Works great for my dog who likes to pull us down the sidewalk .
 Did not work for our dog . Lab puppy 5 months old . I am sure it works for other dogs as noted , but our dog , NO WAY . We later used a body harness . Worked much better and she walks just fine on this .
 Does not work for small dogs . My chihuahua puppy can sneak this thing over his snout every time . You 're better off getting a harness for something this small . You 'll just get frustrated with it .
 I received the gentle leader in late April , and the plastic part of the product broke in less than three weeks !
 I wo n't rant and rave about the benefits and drawbacks of using a headcollar - each dog is different and responds differently to various training tools , and I 'm assuming that you 've found this product based off your own research and recommendations from trainers and friends.The hard part is deciding which headcollar type to use . In the past decade , I 've used several different headcollars , including the Halti , the Gentle Leader , the Petmate AKC Headcollar , and the Holt . In my opinion , the Holt is the sturdiest , most comfortable , and most flexible headcollar of the whole bunch , and is a worthy successor to my previous favorite , the Halti.The Company Of Animals Halti Head Halter Black Size Halti Head Halter Black Sz 0 Training & Behavioral AidsThe Halti was , previously , the best halter for a very simple reason
 I have two dogs , one a 50 lb . lab mix , the other a 35 lb . shepherd mix . Both of whom pull ; the shepherd mix pulls terribly . At first the collars worked great . I put it on , instantly no pulling . However , after a couple minutes the dogs would begin clawing at their faces , causing one to bleed within seconds in desperation to try to get it off . The lab mix would do ok , occasionally clawing but not hurting himself . If the collar would stay put exactly where it is supposed to be , it may be better . However , the collar will slide down the neck even at the recommended tightness . The buckle/tightening portion of the collar is not so good and after a minute or so of walking will begin to loosen , thus causing the repositioning of the collar and making it harmful to the dog . If making it tighter , the collar will press in on the bottoms of the eyes of the dog , causing obvious discomfort . Be prepared to return the item if you get it .
 I have a 110 lb lab who is a strong puller . When I first tried the Gentle Leader on him , it took a while to get accustomed to . After the initial training period , it worked great for a few months . He has started pulling again in the recent months , bad enough to wear the fur on his nose off from the nylon . It does not seem to bother him in the least . However , we run at least 20 miles a week and it is causing unsightly scabbing . It is also riding up into his eye area since he is pulling so hard . I really do n't need this kind of resistance training ! I 'm trying a no-pull harness now , though I think he will be too strong for it .
 I wanted to love this head collar , as my 80 # male German Shepherd is doing fine with his , but my 45 # female German Shepherd managed to break hers within two weeks of purchase . She was walking very nicely on it , but faced with wanting to make contact with barking neighbor dogs it finally failed . Luckily we were on our own street , and the dogs in question were behind a fence , but it was frightening all the same . Had we been on a busy street I could have lost my dog ! I would n't recommend this collar to anyone now .
 We tried to make these work for our 2 dogs , but they just never took . They were constantly trying to claw at them and never did what the video said . We were EXTREMELY careful to follow instructions , but never got the results we were looking for . Went to a SPRENGER pinch collar with is AWESOME for our more hard-headed dog , and to a choke chain for our other less hard-headed dog . They reacted much better to these and do n't treat these collars like a punishment which they treated the gentle leader as .
 We purchased this collar for our dog who is very dog reactive . It has n't helped with his out of control lunging , but that could just be our crazy dog . Here 's the reason for the mild review ... it 's only been about 4 or 5 months now , and it 's fraying so much that I know we 'll have to get another one very soon ! I would expect longer wear from the product . Disappointing .
 I had heard wonderful things about gentle leaders and the first time I used it on my little rescue dog it worked like a charm , at first . But somehow she was always able to either get out of it or loosen it by the time we got back home so I thought I had it on wrong -LRB- it 's true that it has to be much tighter and higher than you would expect -RRB- . I had it refit twice , by both the vet and her trainer at obedience school . I finally figured out that the initial fit was not the problem but it was that the adjustment buckle doesnt hold the nylon strap tight enough -- so that 's why she can loosen it while it 's on -LRB- I marked the right fit with a black pen so I could tell when it had slipped -RRB- . I only confirmed it was a problem specific to this purchase when I recently bought another one at REI and found that the nylon did not slip through the buckle nearly as easily . I actually think the nylon in the new one feels totally different . It 's hard to know whether the problem is the material -LRB- my vote -RRB- or the buckle but either way , this one is useless . SInce it took me so long to figure out what the problem was , now it 's too late for me to return this one -- hopefully people will read this and not experience the same hassles that I did ...
 The vet suggested this leash because the normal leash was making her cough worse . The gentle leader definitely made my hyper 30lb dog easier to slow down , but it did n't stop her from constantly pulling constantly after seeing a squirrel , dog , human , leaf , etc. . She pulled so much that it fur under her eyes was rubbed/torn off . I will still be using this collar occasionally , but I am switching to a harness for normal everyday walks.UPDATE
 I wo n't rant and rave about the benefits and drawbacks of using a headcollar - each dog is different and responds differently to various training tools , and I 'm assuming that you 've found this product based off your own research and recommendations from trainers and friends.The hard part is deciding which headcollar type to use . In the past decade , I 've used several different headcollars , including the Halti , the Gentle Leader , the Petmate AKC Headcollar , and the Holt . In my opinion , the Holt is the sturdiest , most comfortable , and most flexible headcollar of the whole bunch , and is a worthy successor to my previous favorite , the Halti.The Company Of Animals Halti Head Halter Black Size Halti Head Halter Black Sz 0 Training & Behavioral AidsThe Halti was , previously , the best halter for a very simple reason
 I have friends who swear by the Gentle Leader as the best dog item they have ever purchased . For us , however , this collar was an incredibly frustrating experience.First of all , our Labradoodle flat-out despised this thing . It was a 15-minute process to put on with him hanging his mouth open and wrestling his head around to avoid it . With a lot of patience I learned to overcome that issue . Because he hated it so much , we left it on him for extended periods to try to get him used to it -- but he never gave up trying to tear it off his face . While walking -- I could see that if he would calm down and stop trying to wrestle his head back and forth it would really help our walks out as he pulls like crazy.Unfortunately , he never gave up trying to get this thing off . Eventually he figured out how to use his tiny thumb claw to rip the top part off his face -LRB- and I had it very snug -RRB- and in seconds after his success -LRB- before I could do anything about it -RRB- he had chewed apart the cheap plastic adjuster -- finishing the collar off . Dog One -- Me Zero.If you have a laid-back docile dog this might work great -- but if you have a laid back docile dog he may not be a puller on walks in the first place . If they had made that clip out of metal rather than plastic I still would have given the item 4 stars just because it obviously works for some people . But to use plastic for that piece is just cheap .
 The nylon webbing chafed and completely wore through in e few months . My dog definitely pulls less with this lead.As a followup , I contacted the company to advise them that two of these wore completely and they never returned my message .
 I 've used many `` training aides '' in my years of dog training ... this has got to be the worst of them all . It takes AGES for dogs to put up with having it on them , most will do anything to get it off ... no collar should be so uncomfortable for a dog to wear , especially when they 're going for walks - walks should be enjoyable and fun !! I have found it next to impossible to deliver a light correction . This hurts a dog in one of the most sensitive areas , and is no where near `` gentle '' . Also , no matter how loose I can make this and still have it fit correctly , a lot of dogs finish a walk foaming at the mouth and panting or making that weird `` clicking '' noise like they 've got a too-tight collar on.This collar is incredibly unsafe ... I have no clue how it ever got on shelves . I also have no clue how `` fur mommies '' would be okay with putting this on their dog and giving their dog a correction . It snaps the dog 's head to the side . How is that safe or gentle?The majority of dogs I have use this with become very fearful of it after a walk or two ... no matter how much praise or how many treats I stuff in their face . I do n't care how people feel about using just a flat collar , but from now on I will no longer be training any dogs with this torture tool . Even an ill-fitting prong collar is more gentle than this thing .
 I bought this because my dog pulls all the time and a trainer had suggested a nose type collar . My arm hurts all the time from her constant pulling and she has a few times almost made me fall . This collar would not fit her right with no amount of adjustment , it put pressure on her eyes . I do n't know if my german shorthair 's eyes are placed any differently than any other dog but the strap would not stay down on her nose at all . I do not want to do any damage to her so I returned the collar.Note -- I do not see how playing tug of war would make a dog walk on a leash properly . -LRB- a poster from above -RRB- I have tried using treats , voice commands , etc and nothing works to control her pulling .
 There are various types of head collar on the market today , all designed to do roughly the same thing . They discourage your dog from pulling by making pulling intensely uncomfortable , and they give you enough physical leverage to control your dog if he does decide to pull.What could be wrong with that ? Well firstly , dogs really do n't like head collars . I have never ever seen a dog happily wear a Gentle Leader on the first attempt - not suprising since the device applies pressure on the sensitive bridge of the nose . I have , however , seen many dogs cry , wail , claw their faces , and/or just shut down and miserably refuse when first introduced to a head collar . It is true that you can eventually teach most dogs to accept these devices -LRB- dogs are very tolerant animals -RRB- , but why not just invest that time into teaching your dog to walk politely on a leash in a regular collar?Secondly , this device only works while it is on the dog . In other words , it does n't actually teach the dog anything - if you take the halti off , the dog will start to pull again . Not exactly a long term solution - unless you want to keep your dog on a Gentle Leader for the rest of his life.So , if your dog pulls , what do you do ? I 'm personally a fan of the Koehler method for teaching loose leash walking , as outlined in `` The Koehler Method of Dog Training '' -LRB- note
 I found this a terribly cruel way to train a dog . Dog ca n't breathe when pulling on this harness . I would NEVER use it continually on any dog I owned . Use a regular harness and work with your dog instead of using a gimmick like this .
 It said in instructions that it can be left on but as soon as I left my 7 month old dog with it he chewed it right off . I had fitted it tightly but it has straps that just hang which he was able to reach . Needs redesigning.A call to customer service resulteed in a very curt reply from a woman who informed me that a dog could chew almost anything and offered a replacement for another $ 7.95 . Why would they tell you it can be left on permanently ?? I guess to get another $ 7.95 . NO THANKS !!
 I am surprised at the good reviews for this item . My Scottish Terrier had this thing off in a matter of seconds . It took us forever to get it on him and as soon as we went outside he laid on the lawn and wiggled it right off of his nose -LRB- and it 's not because he has a small snout -RRB- . It looked like he was being tortured so it went right back in the box , another waste of money .
 Gee , this lasted about 5 minutes before I had a completely loose dog -- merely turning her head allows for chewing through the extremely flimsy materials and plastic!CRAP !
 Our little dog slipped out of the collar , ran into the street and was killed by a car . I do n't think we 'll be using it again .
 I am a professional dog walker and I have a lot of clients using the Gentle Leader brand head harness and I myself bought one for my dog becuase the head harness really works and they are gentle in promoting good walking behavior . However , I have found that the Gentle Leader brand harness is not very good . First you have to adjust the harness to the size of the muzzle and that forces the dog 's mouth to be closed . A lot of times -LRB- actually most of the time -RRB- the gentle leader slips off during some part of the walk and then it is hard to get back on.My recommendation as a professional dog walker is that you get the Halti brand head harness as it allows the dog 's mouth to be open and it is fitted . I use it on my dog after I saw one of my client 's have in on their dog . There is no more slipping off the muzzle and there is a clip that attaches from the harness to the collar which is a safety feature that in case the harness somehow comes off your dog is still on the leash.Check out this video and how easy it is to put on . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 After reading all these reviews and not wanting to hurt my dog I bought a Sporn Mesh Control Callar . It worked instantly and the dog loved it . I did n't have to get her used to it and it did n't bother her at all . Now instead of jerking my arm out of socket she walks great .
 Our 7 month McMab -LRB- worker breed -RRB- is not a bad walker , nor does she pull with too much force . However , she goes crazy when she sees other dogs that are walking near us . We thought the Gentle leader would help with her high and uncontrollable energy . Although it does give us control in these situations , the poor design outweighs this . The first time we used this on her , I thought , wow . . This is a magical collar ! She did paw at it quite a bit , but I figured she would eventually stop after a few days or weeks as advertised . Weeks later , and a few dozen tightness adjustments , she is not only pawing at it , but I started to notice some chaffing on her muzzle . The DVD says , `` If you think it 's too tight , its probably just right . '' No matter how tight I made it , the head collar would rotate , which would cause the nose strap to rub against her muzzle , causing it to irritate . The DVD also said to make it tight enough so that it wo n't rotate , but the tighter I made it , I noticed her breathing sounded funny . I also made sure that it rested above her adams apple and it still affected her breathing . I then tried to loosen the nose strap more . This just resulted in the strap covering her eyes during her walk . We must have tried adjusting this thing about 30 times and still could n't get the thing to stop rotating and irritating her muzzle . The nose strap is supposed to be somewhat loose , but becomes uncomfortably tight when the main collar rotates . We finally concluded that the design was not meant for this particular dog.After doing some more research , I found Comfort Trainer Head Halter . After reading about it , I decided to order one . I just received it in the mail today and man , what a difference ! Now , I know I just got it , but there are no precise adjustments to be made and no rotating . It took just a few minutes to adjust and fit . It is also made with a softer material . You will pay extra for this , but the quality and design is much better.The Good
 I have a 1 y/o husky . Putting the thing on him was a nightmare , he felt humiliated and scared and did everything to take it off , scratching it against every possible corner and scratching it off the nose with his own claws . Walking with it was a drama , every single day , for a week . Nothing worked , neither treats , nor kisses . In the end , he destroyed the whole thing when he got a chance.I think this collar works on puppies . Tricking an adult dog into it is close to impossible , especially a dominant one like mine .
 Our little dog recently became quite excited toward other animals after losing her lifelong companion . She was a stray and was always reactive , but walks became embarrassing as her manners disappeared around other dogs , she began pulling , barking , growling , you name it . We 've been taking her to be around other dogs off leash and she gets along with them overall . I endured the embarrassing barking as a sign of grief and for most dogs she greeted it went well , but occasionally she would show aggression . We needed a little help retraining her and the local pet store employee highly recommended the Gentle Leader.I will admit that for the pulling , it worked . Our senior dog did well when there were no distractions . She would try to pull and it turned her head forcing her to stop . After a few moments , she began walking by our side . Also , she took right to the leader . Unlike the other reviews , she did n't really balk at the halter . She did try to remove the strap right after putting it on but after she realized she could n't , she ignored it overall.However , two things I did n't link was the fact she could bark , but it sounded like she had a sore throat . If I loosened the top strap , she did n't have that raspy voice , but it was an `` L '' shape and not the `` V '' they say you need . If we loosened the snout loop , she could remove it , so we went with the V and hoped for the best . She could still eat , drink , pant and bark somewhat , so we figured it was normal as there was absolutely no information to be found about this issue . I did n't like this at all and wanted to return it but my husband encouraged me to give it a chance since there are good reviews on this product.The other issue was best said on another review I read
 The leader did not work with my strong nine month old puppies . Despite following the instructions carefully , they writhed at the end of the leash like a snake the entire walk , stopping only to scrub their nose against my leg or the ground . After numerous attempts , their leash behavior actually grew worse . I would not recommend this product .
 My newly acquired 50-lb dog consistently pulled just a little . She did not pull hard but I wanted her to leave some slack in the leash and decided to give the Gentle Leader a try.First , I found it VERY difficult to get the head collar on my long-haired dog so that it is tight enough . If it is not really tight , it twist around and , still worse , can slip off . The collar should have a way to attach it to the regular collar so that , if it comes off , the dog is not free to run off.After watching the DVD and trying the head collar in the house without problems , I tried it on a walk . The dog immediately crossed to my right side so that the leash wrapped around her neck , complicating the turning of her head . On the second walk , I kept her on my left side . She then tucked her chin to her chest -LRB- eliminating the leverage that turns the head around -RRB- , leaned to her left , and braced her neck and shoulders against any pressure.I kept stopping to release the pressure and hug her and calm her down , but she 'd launch herself against the leash right away . So there was almost constant pressure on her muzzle which is not helpful or desirable . We hurried back to the car.Using the Gentle Leader looked so simple ! Foolproof ! -LRB- As one of my professors used to say , `` But you do n't know the quality of our fools ! '' -RRB- But it did not work well with my dog.Oddly enough , she now walks quite well on the leash wearing a plain wide leather collar . I think she recognized and fought any effective restraint but now relaxes and cooperates without it .
 I had read a lot of good things about this head collar and what it can do to reduce pulling on walks , so I decided to get one for my 97 pound lab . He 's always been a terrific puller and we 've never really been able to control him with just a leash and normal collar.The head collar does n't work . My dog fights it horribly when he wears it , so much so that after a single walk the strap rubbed his mouth raw , and there was some bleeding . I stopped using it immediately . We 've decided to try the Easy Walk harness -LRB- also made by Premier -RRB- instead .
 This collar hurt my dog more than it helped him . I tried it with the neck very tight & nose strap loose enough to go to the nose but not over . My puppy wheezed , the collar did n't stay up high behind his ears -LRB- with just 1 finger room -RRB- , and the nose strap kept sliding up to his eyes & cutting him under the eyes.So the trainer adjusted the collar to be looser & the nose strap to be tighter . So now there was no wheezing , but the tighter nose strap just made it cut him more sharply under the eyes and slide up over his eyes more easily which drives him crazy -LRB- understandably -RRB- . He now has bald spots under his eyes & is always rubbing them.My dog 's a lab puppy , normal sized , but the control this collar gives is n't worth harming my dog . Going to try the haltie -LRB- sp ? -RRB- collar or something else . So be warned - it does help keep your dog from pulling , but it might not be worth it .
 Yes , it looks nice . It 's all pleasant-colored nylon straps , and there 's no menacing-looking metal . While I 'm glad that the Gentle Leader appeals to humans , it 's no favor to dogs.Look at how it works - REALLY look . The premise is leverage and torque . I will give Premier that the Gentle Leader is genius in it 's design ; it allows even a small human to exert irresistible force on a dog , and allows the handler to forcibly wrangle the dog into the desired position . It works - but it 's not gentle . It 's one of the most -LRB- if not THE most -RRB- compulsory tools available on the market today . I 'm a not-particularly-strong , 5 ' 6 '' female , and yes , I could overpower a Great Dane with this.But I do n't want to overpower my dogs . I want to teach them things . For your consideration
 There are various types of head collar on the market today , all designed to do roughly the same thing . They discourage your dog from pulling by making pulling intensely uncomfortable , and they give you enough physical leverage to control your dog if he does decide to pull.What could be wrong with that ? Well firstly , dogs really do n't like head collars . I have never ever seen a dog happily wear a Gentle Leader on the first attempt - not suprising since the device applies pressure on the sensitive bridge of the nose . I have , however , seen many dogs cry , wail , claw their faces , and/or just shut down and miserably refuse when first introduced to a head collar . It is true that you can eventually teach most dogs to accept these devices -LRB- dogs are very tolerant animals -RRB- , but why not just invest that time into teaching your dog to walk politely on a leash in a regular collar?Secondly , this device only works while it is on the dog . In other words , it does n't actually teach the dog anything - if you take the halti off , the dog will start to pull again . Not exactly a long term solution - unless you want to keep your dog on a Gentle Leader for the rest of his life.So , if your dog pulls , what do you do ? I 'm personally a fan of the Koehler method for teaching loose leash walking , as outlined in `` The Koehler Method of Dog Training '' -LRB- note
 Completely unsatisfied with this product . The product did not work as advertise . It might work for some dogs but I have a Boston Terrier which have short snouts and the product does not work at all for this type dog . I would check and double check before buying this type product again .
 I have used this particular head collar on four different dogs with mixed results . Please note that all dogs were slowly and carefully desensitized to the Gentle Leader head collar , as directed by trainers and the training materials included with the head collar . - The first was a dog-reactive dog.The collar did discourage pulling under low stress conditions and made pulling less painful . It allowed for greater control of the dog . However , if the dog was not kept soundly distracted he would return to fussing over the nose strap . He became so frustrated by the collar that he would rub his face on the concrete , claw at the nose strap , and come away bleeding . I returned to desensitizing him to the collar , assuming I had not given him enough time to adjust . I found myself spending more time training him to accept the collar than working on modifying his unwanted behaviors . - The second dog was a fearful dog.The dog would completely shut down whenever he wore the collar away from his safe zone . We spent more time trying to desensitize him to wearing the collar outside of his safe zone . Because he would shut down and stop responding we could not get any results . - The third dog was a confident , social dog.This particular dog had pulled his whole life . To my knowledge , no one had attempted to discourage the pulling behavior . I noticed improvement as soon as we left the yard . It did n't just lessen the pulling , it stopped it . - The fourth was an untrained and social puppy.Not accustomed to rules or boundaries , the puppy was constantly testing the limits of the collar . If he was not properly engaged in training he would return to pawing at the nose strap , hindering training . Distraction caused by the nose strap was lessened by padding the nose strap with faux fur . He was doing fairly well on the collar and with training . One day , another puppy approached and he began that endearing puppy wiggle , wagging his tail so hard his whole body shook . Without warning , he lunged forward . Despite being on a short leash , he hit the end of the leash hard enough that the collar jerked his head sideways . He let out an ear-shattering yelp and acted subdued thereafter . For safety reasons , we discontinued the use of the head collar.Pros : - Gives greater control to the dog handler , regardless of the dog 's size and the handler 's strength . - Lessens or eliminates the pain and discomfort the handler experiences when dogs do pull . - Discourages pulling . - Can be used with either traditional punishment based training or progressive reward based training . - Will not choke the dog when used with nose strapCons : - Requires time for dogs to become accustomed to this training tool . - Requires careful adjustment of straps -- improper fit impedes training . - Can rub hair off and/or cause irritation if worn or fitted improperly . - Capable of injuring a dog that lunges or does `` zoomies '' while worn and leashed . - May cause fearful dogs to shut down and inhibit behavior change . - May exacerbate reactive or aggressive dogs ' unwanted behavior . - The nose strap may irritate the dog , requiring padding to be sewn on by owner . - The nose strap is not durable and can be easily destroyed by chewers . - Dogs CAN learn to ignore the head collar and pull anyway , meaning you will still need to teach the dog how to walk with you . - Short-muzzled dogs may find it easy to remove the nose strap . - Results vary.For successful training , I recommend developing mutual respect and trust with your dog . With mutual respect and trust there is n't anything you ca n't accomplish with your dog.If I can teach my dog to walk nicely with me , ANYONE can . Do n't give up !
 We took in an 8 month old rescue dog . He is a Husky/Pit bull mix . Great dog but his chase drive is unbelievable . Probably because his previous owner allowed him to chase the cats around his house.he had absolutely no training before I got him and after our walks my arm would be sore from his constant pulling.After reading all the good reviews I purchased the `` Gentle '' leader.I watched the video and was very careful to adjust it properly.It worked great . On our first walk he walked right with me with very little pulling.After the walk I noticed a slight abrasion on his muzzle and figured I needed to adjust it further.After the second walk his muzzle was raw and bleeding.It did `` work well '' as I had complete control of him but the price he paid in fur and flesh was too high.I threw this piece of garbage away . I would not recommend this to ANYONE !!! If you love your dog do NOT buy the not so `` gentle '' leader .
 Everyone raved over this leader but I have not been able to get it adjusted to what the video says . Never used it because I ca n't get it on . I managed to get it on once and the dog pulled right out of it . I would not recommend this for a young dog but maybe an adult dog would do better
 I purchased this collar for a one-year-old lab mix . He is approx 70 lbs of puppy on the end of a leash , and I think he has aspirations to become a sled dog . He is part bulldog , and has a lot of muscle strength in his chest . He is easily able to walk us on a regular collar . The gentle leader collar made a huge difference with the pulling , and I have recommended this product to several friends . However , we have only had the dog for three months , and he just chewed through the nose band of his second gentle leader . Both times , the damage occurred literally in a matter of seconds . I had let him off the leash to assist one of the children , and by the time I turned around to reattach the leash , this collar was hanging in pieces . I really like this product , but I 'm very disappointed with the quality in construction .
 tiger barb still has white spot on used for a week soI would n't recommend to use it to whole aquariumI suggest people who are having their fish white spot disease or others , take out your fish , put it in another tank , do other treatmentThe parasite in the tank can be treated with filter , biological , chemical , and mechanical filtration helps a lot . Or you can put your money on UV light , even more effective for disease prevention.This product isstressful to my fish ...
 There are other ich and parasite treatments out there , if you are a fish-newb . This is actually a pretty dangerous treatment for fish if you do n't monitor your copper levels . The instructions say take out all your fish while you 're treating it , and to check your copper levels before treatment . Your fish are really sensitive to this treatment , so expect dead fish if you put it in the water with the fish.I used this on my tank , following the directions , and I treated it for 4 days -LRB- the life of ich is 4 days , so I treated it 4 just to make sure . Unfortunately , it did n't work . I bought some different Ich treatment from a fish store and it worked right away with no problems to the health of the fish.I recommend using another treatment . If you google this one , you 'll learn that it is n't the best -- it 's pretty archaic .
 cover shown for my birdcage , was in the colors of my kitchen where my canary is kept . i received a bright red one . was disapointed .
 I bought the Feather Tether Bird harness for my Cockatoo . This device works but is unnecessarily difficult to use . The metal clasps require you to use your fingernail to actuate , blindly under a feathered wing . The clasps swivel too , so it takes 5x as long to put this on your bird than a simple kitten harness with tough plastic connector mechanisms . My bird did n't mind the harness once it was on . And actually he liked the whole fiddling process because of all the extra attention . However , my patience was wearing out . I bought a similar styled kitten harness for less that uses the clip connectors you see on luggage except these are size appropriate . With 2 clips the kitten harness was on -LRB- 3 swivel metal clips for the Feather Tether -RRB- and was equally suitable . The kitten harness came with a little bell which my Cockatoo removed after a few minutes .
 I bought the Feather Tether Bird harness for my Cockatoo . This device works but is unnecessarily difficult to use . The metal clasps require you to use your fingernail to actuate , blindly under a feathered wing . The clasps swivel too , so it takes 5x as long to put this on your bird than a simple kitten harness with tough plastic connector mechanisms . My bird did n't mind the harness once it was on . And actually he liked the whole fiddling process because of all the extra attention . However , my patience was wearing out . I bought a similar styled kitten harness for less that uses the clip connectors you see on luggage except these are size appropriate . With 2 clips the kitten harness was on -LRB- 3 swivel metal clips for the Feather Tether -RRB- and was equally suitable . The kitten harness came with a little bell which my Cockatoo removed after a few minutes .
 The filter does n't last long . But then again neither does the Pondmaster PMK 190 pump that we bought the filters for . The Pump lasts about 4 to 6 weeks . We gave up after 3 of them .
 When applying a flea product to the back of your cat 's head/neck you need it to stay in the general area it 's applied . If it does n't the cat will turn it 's head around and lick it away . This product is so much like water that is spreads out all over and runs down the cat 's back . You have to apply Sergeants Silver Flea and Tick a few drops at a time and then wait for it to dry , then apply a little more to keep it from dripping/running all over . It takes about 4 or 5 applications . My cat still licked it all over . Bad .
 Do not use this product on your animals , it is a pesticide and very toxic , whether injested or not . We used the appropriate amount of the dog stuff for out dogs and they got very sick within a few hours after putting it on . Our older dog was having trouble with his back end and was in a lot of pain , my younger dog was having horrible muscles spasims . Within 20 minutes of wash our dogs with dawn dish soap they werent in as much pain , but were still having trouble for a few days . When we contacted the company they didnt seem to care . Do not purchase this product it needs to be taken off the market !
 This product is junk . When I tried to apply the solution on my cat per directions , the tube split along the seams on the side and I got the solution all over my hand instead . I checked to make sure the nozzle was clear and it was fine . I tried with a second tube , this time making sure the nozzle was clear before I tried applying the solution on my cat . Same result - the tube split along the seam . I 'm getting a refund for this overpriced junk .
 Whatever you do , do NOT use this on your pets . I used it yesterday evening on my Westie and she immediately had a reaction to it . We 've been up all night trying to comfort her . We 've bathed her four times and are preparing to visit the vet . I 'm horrified to find reviews all over the web about the injury and deaths of hundreds and hundreds of pets from this stuff . I understand that not every dog or cat reacts the same way . I 've used this product before on the same dog with no ill effects , but trust me , it 's not worth rolling the dice with your pet , but this time it 's horrible . I never even thought to look up reviews for this type of thing . It 's a shame we ca n't trust anything we buy anymore . Look at the image of the container it comes in , it even says `` New , Improve Skinguard something '' forumula ! BULL *** T !!! There is NOTHING improved about this ! This is nothing to play with . DO N'T USE IT!AMAZON !! You need to STOP selling this stuff !
 This product is terrible ! Made my cat very sick . Do n't try the cheap way out with this . Definetly pay a little more money for a more trusted product from your vet . It doesnt work and there are hundreds of reviews on this product all over the internet so many pets have been made ill from it !
 The product is certainly more affordable but absolutely does not work . My 4 cats had no adverse reaction however - neither did the fleas . They 're still very much alive and biting . The higher priced products work , work quickly and work reliably . If you genuinely ca n't afford them I 'd recommend using a flea comb every day , washing all bedding and vacuuming regularly to help control the fleas . -LRB- Putting a flea collar in your vacuum cleaner 's dust bag helps too . -RRB-
 I rate this product as being very very poor , as it does not work . My cat 's fleas are worst and have treated several times with this application as well as give them a bath . It does not work and is a waste of money .
 Beware of this product . It is not worth buying . The product had a very very strong odor like a pesticide . It was very runny while applying on my cat . She did not like it and ran away after only about half the product was added . Hours later little did I know but I notice a red spot on my cats skin where the product was applied . I will not be using this product again on any animal . It is not worth a dime paying for .
 I bought this product for my cat . She was in the right range for application . Weight , age , healthy.The day after application she became lethargic , but not to the point that it was anything immediately of concern . In retrospect was what caused me to realize this poison was taking affect and it was n't her just being an easy going lounge about.The day after that she got worse and I called the 800 emergency number on the back of the package because of the hour and my Veterinarian 's office was closed . `` Oh , do n't worry this product does n't absorb into her bloodstream . '' The Sergeant 's product adviser assured me . `` Just take a cloth with some warm water and soap on it and wipe the area where you applied the topical application and she should be fine . '' They continued.I asked how long it would take to see an affect . Not long , she promised . Just a couple hours or so.I stayed up with my cat all night long . Her symptoms growing worse , her body becoming more relaxed and pliable so that she could n't hardly stand by the time I got to my Veterinarian 's office in an emergency appointment . `` But of course it penetrates the bloodstream ! '' The Doctor said . `` How else is it going to kill the flea that bites your cat and drinks her blood ? `` Of course ! I knew that . It made perfect sense . A , `` no duh ! '' moment . And yet the night before when I heard that Sergeant ` sadviser assure me that was n't the case the terribly panicked weeping cat lover in me wanted to believe she would overcome.The Vet re-hydrated her with fluids , gave her a shot of something I ca n't recall , and said if she was going to rebound those treatments would do it before the end of the day . Otherwise , she 'd crossed the threshold and there was no going back . Yes , I could have had him put her down right there . But to think I took away her chance at bounding back with all that Doctor assistance and kicked her leg 's out when she was clearly fighting to survive for those two days , just was n't in me.So we went home together.Cinnamon lost her bladder while laying on her favorite cuddle blanket reposed on my tummy in our living room . Her friend cat 's had been let into the house , as if they knew this was a goodbye at the moment we arrived back from the Doctors office , as they stood at the door while I was unlocking it and bound their way past my legs and to her favorite chair.As I write this I can still hear Cinnamon 's weak mewing as she turned watery blue eyes toward me and repeated her mews over and over until they faded to rasping . As if asking why mommy ? Why does it feel so bad?And then she passed away.I called Sergeant 's and told them what happened . Ignorantly I thought they 'd care . They did to the point that they asked me to have my Vet send them a copy of my bill . Half of which they promised to pay for my loss . Sure enough a check came after that for half the expense of adding more money to what I thought was an inexpensive and safe way to help my cat combat flea 's , cost my cat her life . And along with that check was a release that I had to sign in order to cash the check . Promising to never sue or be part of a class action against Sergeant 's et all , in future.I took that to mean they knew full well the potential for continuing to make what I learned after all this , was a chronic problem with their pet flea treatment poisons.And that 's what it is . Ask your own Veterinarian about Sergeant 's or even Hartz pet flea product ingredients and you 'll hear for yourself what a risk it is . A known risk that has cost countless animals their lives . All to the knowledge of those companies . And not always to we the consumer . Until now . And reviews like this.If someone had stopped me in that store aisle and said , do n't buy that or you could lose your cat ! I 'd have walked away and my precious Cinnamon would be alive today . As it is , when I see someone in a store aisle considering a purchase of this or Hartz product , be it for cat 's or dog 's , as those have their tragic statistics as well , I do warn that person through sharing my experience.It 's like anything in the human pharmaceutical industry . Calculated gain vs. calculated risk . If the company stands to make more money in sales than they do in liability payout for a given product , they go for it.Forewarned is forearmed . If you love your pet DO NOT BUY THIS POISON ! IF you like to gamble and you do buy it contrary to all the one star warning , and it would be no star if the Amazon system would allow it , you stand the chance of watching your own pet die slowly and painfully . As their nervous system and body functions slowly degrade.Had I gotten Cinnamon to a Vet an hour after applying this garbage to her , she could have been saved . Could have . No guarantee.Do a keyword search beyond these warnings and see for yourself . The horror stories about this garbage are rampant . I know now . I did n't before . `` Sergeants flea toxins '' . As just one keywords suggestion . Or , `` Pet deaths sergeants -LRB- or Hartz -RRB- flea product '' . You 'll learn the primary ingredient is hazardous . A toxin . No , not just to fleas.The more expensive flea treatments are worth the price . Because chances are they wo n't cost your pet their life . But do the research on those as well . Be aware . Saving money means nothing when you ca n't save your pet 's life for the side effects you 've just caused them to suffer because you 're on a budget.Rest in peace my precious Cinnamon . If our story can save someone else from losing their precious four legged family member , it will help me to survive my responsibility for using this product on you unawares of the risk I was putting you in . And if there is an afterlife and a God , perhaps we 'll meet again and I will cuddle you while weeping tears of joy for having a second chance to say I love you and I 'm sorry .
 After applying this to my cat I have noticed that the flea problem has not gone away or decreased and my cat is loosing his hair when he had a perfectly fine coat before using this product . I will not recommend this product . Be careful if you use it , I wish I had spent the money on the name brand . Never again .
 We put this on our kitten without looking up reviews -LRB- dumb , I know -RRB- and it causes severe irritation and anxiety . Our kitten immediately began pawing at his face , sneezing , and running around . He also tried rubbing his face on the ground . Not sure why , we put the medication nowhere near his face . Concerned that the scent might have been harmful . Our cat is very mild-mannered and sweet but when we tried to hold him after the application he growled at us and ran away . Please do n't use this product .
 I have 5 indoor house cats and I 've used Bayer 's Advantage for flea protection for years with no bad reactions or side effects to my cats . Like most people , in the last few years I 've been trying to spend less money , so I decided to try this Sergeant 's Silver Squeeze-on Flea Control for Cats over 5 pounds . In the past , I have had great results with other Sergeant 's cat and dog products , such as the Sergeant 's cat and dog wormers that you add to the animal 's food . Due to my past success with Sergeant 's products I decided to get this squeeze-on for routine flea protection on my indoor cats which , sometimes sneak outside when we open and close the door.All 5 of my cats are over 5 pounds and 2 of them are more than 20 pounds . I applied this squeeze on exactly as instructed at the base of the cat 's neck , against the skin , in a small circular pattern . I noticed that this product is much thinner and much more watery and runny than Bayer 's Advantage.Two of my 5 cats had an adverse reaction to this product . Including salivating profusely , walking around dizzy , they also seemed to be jumpy , easily aggravated and did n't want anyone to touch their faces , as well as , drinking more water than usual.Due to the runny consistency of this product , it seems to not really absorb as well as Advantage and must run down the cat 's skin . So , the cat licks much more of this medication off themselves , which I believe causes the severe side effects in some cats . None of my cats have ever had a reaction like they had with this product.I immediately bathed the two cats that had the adverse reactions to this product and they were fine and acting normally in a few hours after I bathed them.The other 3 cats had no noticeable reactions to this product . If your cats do n't have a reaction to this it seems to work fairly well.Due to the consistency and the adverse reactions my cats had , I wo n't be repurchasing this . I 'm going back to my Advantage .
 First of all , the description is factually inaccurate . The heating pad is MAYBE 9x9 inches - not 15 . And the `` thick Berber '' cover is `` thick '' only when compared to the thickness of a solitary sheet of paper . My chihuahua took one - one ! - scratch/rub -LRB- you know , that burrowing motion -RRB- and I doubt the cover would have withstood another . The tiny heating element barely got warm . How it was supposed to heat a `` bed '' 30 by 40 inches is a mystery.Needless to say , I returned this piece of trash for a full refund . But despite the fact that Amazon 's Customer Service is exceptional -LRB- no issues in returning for a full refund -RRB- , I am actually a bit dismayed that Amazon would so falsely advertise a product -LRB- or allow a vendor to so inaccurately describe a product -RRB- . Is there no accountability?In short - DO NOT waste your time with this worthless piece of S -- . It it not worth the return trip to the UPS Store . -LRB- Would you believe Amazon will not allow me to NOT rate the item at least one star ? Even though one star = `` I hate it '' I do n't even like the idea of gracing this garbage with that .
 i purchased this heated dog bed to take the chill off of my Lab who stays outside during the day . I can not tell that it is even on after it has been plugged in for 8 hours . The cover is quite nice , i hope it washes well . But , as a ` heated ' bed , I do n't think so .
 Nice bed , but the heating element is VERY SMALL . Returned immediately ! They need to revise the description on this item . The measurements are of the pad not the heating unit . MORE DETAILS !!
 I guess the saying ` you get what you pay for ' is correct in this case . The bed itself is fairly large with a comfortable mattress and a slipcover with a very soft microfiber plush type feel . The heating unit included is about 12 '' square and you just place it inside the slip cover , so do not expect it to warm the whole bed , it 's not large enough to cover the whole mattress area . That said , we put it in a large dog house on our covered patio and our elderly German Shepherd mix loves it . He 's been sleeping on it for about two weeks now and obviously he likes it . I am just concerned that it keeps him warm enough when it gets really cold outside .
 I have a larger older dog who greatly benefits from a warm bed in the winter.The actual heating pad on this item is small . About 12 `` x12 '' . It is unclear how this small heating pad is supposed to warm a 30 `` x40 '' pet bed . And even taking the pad out of the bed it does n't get all that warm . Disappointing .
 Heating pad was a quarter of the size of the bed and broke after 7 weeks of use . Called to return/replace and they said the will send another after 14 business days . Meantime , my pets are freezing . #Furious
 By my estimate is that this is two degrees cooler than true . I tried changing the batteries ; no change . Too bad . No tech support . No manner to calibrate this .
 I agree with reviewer who finds this product not accurate - does not accurately measure temperature in the aquarium . I returned mine after complaining to the manufacturer . My retailer would not replace it which says something about them and the product . I 'd give it zero stars .
 I bought a few of these . They all read a few degrees different . Avoid this brand if you need accuracy .
 I ordered an xtra large for my boxer mix to be on the safe side . I even took the measuring tape to my dog to insure that it would fit . I got it and could barely get the legs on , the velcro would n't reach to fasten , and I could n't even attempt to get the hood on . They should make these in XXL and XXXL . I did n't think my dog was necessarily HUGE so I thought for sure the XL would fit . These costumes run EXTREMELY small : /
 First off , this thing was HUGE . It would be good for a Great Dane , but that is about it . I was able to actually cut a small piece off -LRB- which took about 20 minutes to hack through the softest part -RRB- , but my dog was able to chew through it and it came apart in chunks . It was too dangerous for her to even eat , I was afraid she would choke on it , she is a small Yorkie.The other thing is the ear STUNK . Whatever smoke stuff they put on it , got everywhere . I guess if you have a really large dog and give it to them outside , this would be a good product . But it just did n't work for me .
 It is a great light but mine broke down after 13 months . It seems like the built in ballast is broken because it is just flashing randomly . I have not found a replacement part .
 No where in the ad does it state this is made by Coralife , a great brand except for this model . This model seems to last 18 to 24 months before the starter goes out and ca n't be replaced . It happened to me and others . A great light when it works but they do n't last . Do n't just take my word , read the reviews for the model that does state it is made by Corallife .
 So I ordered one of these , 30 inch versions of the Coralife dual strip for freshwater , which comes with a 6700K and ColorMax bulb . Within 12 hours , the 6700K bulb stopped lighting up . Amazon replaced it . The 6700K bulb on the replacement unit blew within 24-48 hours of use . Total garbage . Apparently this model -LRB- T5NO -RRB- has known issues and is no longer being manufactured . If this model is defective , then why is this item even being sold on Amazon ?
 These lights are cheap and slim and look good but they do not last . I bought one for my planted tank about a year ago . Then , about six months later , I bought two more because I really liked them . Then the first one that I had bought died a couple of months later and then the other two stopped working a few months later . I imagine their ballasts are not made to last too long . Besides , the reflector is pretty bad . I did not even think it was worth my time and money to deal with Coralife and pay shipping to return these lights . Since then I upgraded to another brand , which at $ 30 more , are miles away in terms of quality and probably longevity . Unless you plan to keep them only for a few months do n't bother .
 Had this 30 '' unit for three months and replaced burned out blubs 4 times so far . It 's on a timer for 10 hours a day . Must be a bad design . From what I 've found the warranty is for a year but impossible to get any response from coralife/aqueon so it 's basically trash . It 's a shame I usually recommend coralife products but this one is a lemon , do not buy .
 I 've purchased three of these lights , all over the course of a few week span as I was setting up some new planted tanks . I have owned a variety of Coralife products in the past , and have had pretty good luck with them.These fixtures , however , are junk . Period.Of the four initially purchased -LRB- in the last three months -RRB- three are now broken , entirely . One is still working.They 'd had failed bulbs , failed transformer , a switch that physically did n't move -LRB- broken and returned immediately , replacement blew in a month -RRB- Save your money , skip these lights . Coralife has some serious quality control problems with these lights .
 I bought two of these fixtures from my 150g fresh water tank . Just after the Amazon return period passed , one the fixtures stopped working . It 's only been two months since I bought them . When I took it apart to see what the problems was , I found it . The plastic bracket was holding the end of the lights was broken . I can tell from the low quality of the internal plastics that these lights are made cheaply . I 'm disappointed in the manufacturer Aqueon and now Amazon because I 've wasted over $ 50 .
 I love the slim profile of this light . It looks great and gives excellent lighting to my new 20 gallon long freshwater fish tank.But there is a major problem with it - the light bulbs will burn out within a month . According to the spec , the light bulbs should last 10,000 hours , which is about three years for a 10-hour-per-day usage . But the bulbs burnt out in about three weeks . I got an replacement and the bulbs burnt out in about three weeks again.I contacted the manufacture , they replied promptly saying that they will send me a new light fixture if I send back my light . They also said the light bulbs were not covered by the warranty . I did n't send them the light because add the cost of shipping with the cost of buying two light bulbs , I can almost buy another new light.As other reviewers reported , this problem seems to happen with this 30 inch version only . So , until the manufacturer fixes this issue , avoid this size.I really hope the manufacturer can fix this issue . Because I really like how slim it is . I will give it a five star rating if it does n't have this issue .
 First of all , when this light works , it 's fantastic . It 's the perfect length for my 37 tall . It 's bright and my plants just love it . I really want one that works ALL the time . That 's why I 'm currently returning the second one that Amazon has sent me . Both of them have worked for two days , then got very flakey about turning on -LRB- flickering , and not starting up -RRB- . I really hope the third time is a charm and the next one works well.I have two fixtures of the same brand in the 24 '' length on my 55 gallon aquarium . I 've NEVER had a problem with them , so it seems like it 's an issue particular to the 30 '' model . If the next one works like it should , I 'll update my rating . Keeping my fingers crossed.UPDATE
 Product worked great for the first month , but it just went downhill from there . At first one of the bulbs would go off randomly , then after having had the product for less than two months , the light fixture completely failed . It does not even turn on now.I just sent Aqueon an email inquiring about replacement or refund , so we will see how that goes -- Caveat emptor ! *** UPDATE
 The ballast itself appears slim , but cheaply made . The plastic piece that slides over the bulb encasement flies out every time I move the light or remove it to change the water in the tank . The metal bars to hold the light over the tank are no more than glorified paper clip wire.The bulbs ... . oh the bulbs . The first one died at about 3 months , and the second one died TODAY -LRB- ~ 4.5 months -RRB- . Considering the bulbs are as much as 60-70 % the price of the unit , it might make sense to just keep buying the unit . However , my discus prefer -LRB- and frankly deserve -RRB- something a little more consistent and reliable.I should also mention that the cheap plastic I referred to above has partially melted -LRB- despite the relatively low temps of T5 bulbs without my knowledge -LRB- just found this out when I noticed the first bulb was blown.I recommend you DO NOT purchase this product if you need reliable and consistent lighting -LRB- especially if your plants/fish depend on it -RRB- .
 The Corallife 30 ' T5NO has problem with the ballast , and will burn out bulbs within the first month of use . if you google search `` plantedtank Coralife t5no 30 '' you can read about our exprience with these fixtures.personally i have gone through two fixtures , and 6 bulbs in two months.stay away from this product in the 30 ' NO -LRB- normal output -RRB- fixture as it is the only fixture with this issue .
 I was happy with this fixture . It works well on my 29 gallon 30 '' tank . However , less than 2 months after purchase , one bulb is out and the other one is very dark on one end . I went to Petsmart and picked up 2 new bulbs -LRB- for almost the cost of this fixture -RRB- . And now it 's working well again . Hopefully this was a fluke with the bulbs that came with the fixture.UPDATE
 My third one just died for no reason not the bulbs just does not turn on anymore . Company has replaced before no questions asked which means they know these stink
 We ordered this light for our 9yr old daughter 's fish tank.The light fixture was damaged when it finally arrived tonight by -LRB- UPS Ground ! -RRB- well after 7pm 1/12/12 even though tracking indicated that shipment was out for delivery since around noon from the next town over . A bulb had broken inside and damaged the fragile reflector which is only made of thin foil film by the way . The packaging was insufficient allowing the box containing the fixture to rattle around inside the shipping box . Glass was all over our kitchen table and floor . My daughter has been bugging me all week about this light ! So , she was n't too happy when she saw the mess . I opted to replace the item . Why do I even need a return label -LRB- more hassle -RRB- ? They should just come and get it . As it is they 're saying I have to wait until 1/19/12 for the replacement to arrive . The replacement should go out immediately if they really regret our bad experience ! I 'll be really disgusted if we do n't get a replacement very soon !
 I ordered the 48 inch light even after reading the reviews thinking some good some bad . I got it hooked it up , turned it on worked great . 3rd day went to turn it on , and nothing . That is unreal , I thought maybe I was crazy so unplugged and tried it again nothing . Will be sending back today . Here is a shock , I requested a replacement and 14 hrs later it still has not even been shipped . Well that says something in its self . When you buy anew one they send you crap and when you want a new one they are in no hurry to send it for free ... Got it today , no packing on this shipment , and it was already opened . Wow I guess they really dont care to much about reoccurring business . Just sell and wait for the next sucker .
 this is the second one i have ordered ... not the same at all even though the model # is the same ... and in the manual it says you ca n't replace the bulbs ... R U KIDDING ME ????? i will be looking around ... but the first one . . whatever model # they say that was . . was a great light !!!!!! just go back to the right way !!!!
 This fixture comes in several sizes , but my experience is limited to the 48 inch unit , specifically , the Coralife Aqualight 48 inch T5 2 x 28W freshwater fixture . This fixture is complete and utter junk . I bought eight of these units for my fish room in late 2006 , and every single one of them failed within 9-12 months - they simply would no longer fire . After long and sometimes unpleasant correspondence with the manufacturer , all eight fixtures were replaced under warranty . The warranty replacements lasted longer , but just barely so , as all eight of them were dead within 12-14 months , that is , just out of warranty . Coralife claims that the failure rate of these units is less than 5 % , but I do n't know what time frame they 're talking about , because all sixteen units I tried lasted only about one year . I have since replaced all of the Coralife fixtures with the far superior and only slightly more expensive Nova Extreme units from Current USA . Do not buy the Coralife fixtures unless you are prepared to consider them disposable .
 This is a terrible product . Poorly constructed and incredibly uncomfortable . The velcro is scratchy and my dog hates to wear it . I purchased this through an animal rescue site -LRB- not their fault I assure you -RRB- and paid considerably more than the price on Amazon . I actually have one from Big N Lots that I bought for $ 10 that is awesome , but not small enough for my mini weinie who weighs 11 lbs . This one from Canine is way too small & more along the lines of a stuffed dog costume instead of a real dog . Perhaps a puppy could manage to squeeze in but I doubt it . The material is incredibly cheap and there is no back to this one ... just elastic string linking the `` mustard/ketchup '' to the buns . Seriously disappointed in this piece of junk !
 I was very excited to get this costume for my basset hound , thinking he would look adorable . However , it fits strange . The bun part of it lays down very low ... and its hard to see its suppose to be a hotdog . A little disappointing .
 I ordered both the mustard & the ketchup because I have two dachshunds and thought it would be adorable . Unfortunately the ketchup arrived with one of the buns only half attached and therefore could not be used at all . The mustard arrived intact and held up alright to the dogs chewing on them however , not long after chewing on his costume -LRB- he was not allowed to chew enough to get pieces or to swallow anything -RRB- my dog began to throw up which makes me very concerned as to what chemicals were used in the fabric and the filling . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT if your dog chews on things it could make him sick !!! In the event you do still buy this product aim for a size bigger than you initially think you should get as they tend to run smaller than they advertise and the straps are quite tight .
 We have a lab , who weighs about 75 lbs and is very trim . This costume , while cute , looked very weird on him because it was way too small , and the velcro straps were too short . They should make the bun part larger to fit on the large dog siodes , not on his back . If I had to do it over , I would not buy it .
 the costume did n't fit out dog well . not happy with it . Cost to much to return so we own it .
 This one is not a good one buy , because they would not give a refund on this costume . It is really made to not stay on your doxie , because my will not us it . The money when down the drain instill .
 Terrible quality and even my miniature poodle could n't fit in it ! There is so much cheap black elastic that separates the mustard from the bun that when the costume is placed on the dog it stretches so far causing the bun to reside around the tummy of the pup ... not close to the mustard at all . It looks of cheap quality and it is cheap quality .
 This product had terrible quality for the price ! The velcro was ripped and there was stuffing coming out of the bun and mustard . I would not buy it again !
 Size was hard to figure out , unclear measurements.I ordered the best I could and it was way to big.Apond trying it on the dog it was coming unstitched , I need to repair it . Lastly we did not use it.Would not order again .
 Wow , this thing literally lasted five minutes before my dog had ripped it to shreds . The velcro bands need to be far tighter too . I have an English Mastiff -LRB- if you 're not familiar , they are HUGE -RRB- and there was still way too much slack on the bands for this to fit properly .
 When the brand new Hot Diggity Dog Costume I ordered for my dachshund arrived in the mail , I took it out of the box and was disappointed to find the costume to be poorly constructed and falling apart . One of the elastic staps for holding the costume in place was not even attached to the costume , and the other strap was literally hanging on by a thread . The costume did arrive sooner than expected , but do n't order this costume for your dog unless you plan to spend some time sewing and repairing this poorly crafted item .
 Product is poorly made . One of the straps that hold the costume on was frayed upon opening the package . It lasted about five minutes on the dog before it tore completely . It ca n't be repaired by sewing because the type of stitch used on the strap just unravels . It is a cute costume , but I expect a product to at least be functional when first taken out of the package .
 I do n't even know where to begin with this ... okay well for starters may the fact that the `` costume '' costs $ 8.00 should 've been a huge sign that it probably was n't the best product ... but it was already torn when I opened the package . The velcro had torn apart ... then when I put it on my dog the rest of the strings just all started coming out of the costume . After it fell apart and fell off of him it then went in the trash . Biggest waste of money ever .
 this costume is awful . I ordered a small as the size chart said a small fit shih tzus which is what I have . Now , I have a shih tzu on the small size , 11 pounds -LRB- average 10-16 lbs -RRB- and this costume is far too small ! It is also very poorly made and the velcro is impossible to manage . This is one costume on it 's way back to Amazon
 This costume is so cute , but the description said the small would fit our Jack Russell . We needed to get the medium instead .
 The only similarity between what i ordered and what I recieved is that it has a refillable pouch . Otherwise , I was VERY disappointed because the mouse itself was not what I ordered and looks nothing like the advertised picture !
 We bought two of these for our two dogs last Christmas -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . They arrived on time , packed well and were simple enough to put together . After 6 months with them we have finally used a solid piece of MDF board cut to size for the floor . The grid it comes with did not fit snug enough and was tipped out and fell to the ground each week or so . There is not enough of a lip inside the house to screw the floor grid down either . Eventually , after resetting the grid each each week , one dog must 've stepped on the grid just right when it was crooked to the ground and the wood snapped . We attempted replacing with cut garden trellis and concrete boards . Nothing would fit the tiny lip . So we bought large MDF board from Home Depot and cut out the corners to fit . No problems now . They have soft cushions on the new base and the walls and roof are still solid and waterproof .
 i have a 150 gal FOWLR . i utilize 2 coralife 36 '' t-5 's and a shop light . after 4 years of use one of the coralife 's bit the dust . I ordered this as an exact replacement . this one did not hold up . after a few months the ballast blew . I replaced it with one bought locally . I would give these fixtures 5 starts , as I have owned about 5 total and each seem to last about 4 years with about 12 hr 's per day use . i must have either gotten a bad one , or one that was used prior to sale .
 Unfortunately it arrived broken . One bulb was shattered -LRB- probably in transit -RRB- . Guess that will teach me to order something so breakable on-line .
 I got it and pluged it in turned on fine then shut off . So I called coralife they did n't help at all they never awnser
 My dogs love this toy . They are medium to small dogs . Anything I buy with stuffing , they have it out in 5-10 minutes . The squeaker did n't last long either . And during a tug-o-war , the tail was off almost immediately . So if your dogs are rough with their toys , do n't purchase this product .
 I have a 3 month old pup -LRB- border collie/german shepherd -RRB- and he tore this thing up and was pulling out the stuffing in a matter of minutes . I was hoping he would learn to chew with it in a non-destructive manner , but that was n't the case.He does n't go for rubbery toys like kongs , but he went nuts for this and played with it non stop until I took it away after about an hour -LRB- because he was sort of choking on the stuffing -RRB- . Do n't let a puppy play with these stuffed toys unattended or they seriously could choke.At this point I plan to pull out all the stuffing and let him tear up the outer shell , then toss it . Kind of expensive for a disposable toy . My cousin 's adult dog has a similar stuffed toy which he -LRB- the dog -RRB- takes care of and does n't destroy .
 I order this per there advertisment , only to find out , it is not what there selling , would n't even acknowlage there mistake , bad customer service rep , rude , cold , if it 's from Petsolutions . stay away , buy from another vendor , there a joke !!
 Why would Aero Beds , a reputable company that makes high-quality products , market an expensive dog bed with no opportunity to purchase a replacement cover for the bed ??? What a waste of the consumers ' money and our natural resources . While we are washing and drying the cover , the bed is unusable . When the cover wears out or is destroyed , we have to throw out the plastic , inflatable bed and the electric pump . We 've tried to contact Aero about this problem , but ca n't reach anyone but Customer Service , which states categorically that replacement covers are not available . Too bad ! Our dogs think the bed is great .
 My dog loves the bed . But after only two months of use the center seam has come loose and the bed now has a big round bubble in the center . It is unusable . I have n't gotten a response from Amazon as to how to receive a refund or better yet how to have it repaired.Great idea and design , very poorly manufactured . Avoid this one .
 LONG STORY SHORT ... THE PACKAGING SAYS `` IMMEDIATE '' RESULTS . THIS PRODUCT DID NOTHING , ZERO , NADA , TO THE PEA-SOUP IN MY POND . ACCORDING TO THE MANUFACTURER , WHEN I CALLED AND COMPLIANED , I WOULD NEED TO BALANCE OUT MY POND FIRST , ADD ALL SORTS OF OTHER PRODUCTS , AND `` MAYBE '' JUST `` MAYBE '' IT WOULD WORK IN 6-8 WEEKS.UNFORTUNATELY , IT DOES NOT ATTACK FREE FLOATING ALAGE ... BUT THE PACKAGING DOES N'T STATE THAT IT ONLY KILLS CERTAIN TYPES.I REQUESTED A REFUND , AND THEY ARE GIVING ME A HARD TIME .
 this stuff is for fish ponds but is deadly to everything that may drink from the pond
 When I received this product , I was shocked to read on the label that it is TOXIC TO BIRDS ! How can a product be considered `` green '' if it kills birds ?? How is it possible that the EPA is even allowing this product to be sold ? I would imagine that pretty much every application for it is for an outdoor water feature and that birds are drinking from it regularly . Another reviewer mentioned that she had seen birds drinking from her pond while she 's been using this and that there have been no problems . Well , how does she know ? The birds are probably dying somewhere else . Unfortunately , they ca n't read the label to see that they 're drinking poison . PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!
 I bought this product without reading the label completely . The label states that this product is Toxic for Birds . Since birds are splashing around and drinking from our pond all the time , there is no way I could possibly use this product in our pond . I am just waiting for our next Toxic Drop-off Day so that I can safely dispose of this junk . I ca n't believe they would market this product for use in ponds .
 This thing is far from ` quite ' . Not sure how loud the other reviewers pump was , but this thing makes a racket in my opinion . And no , it does n't seem broken at all . This is probably how all of them sound.Not only does it emit a very low frequency ` buzz ' that resonates all throughout my apartment -LRB- much louder than my fridge -RRB- , but there is a high pitch buzzing noise as well . This thing is driving me crazy , I am probably going to have to buy/make some kind of sound dampening box or something to put this in because it 's buzzing is one of the most annoying sounds I have ever heard in my life.Using my SPL meter , this thing is running at about 70dB . Aside from that it seems to run fine , gets a little warm though .
 My Tetra 20 gallon air pump is NOT quiet . It makes a low hum more than twice as loud as my fridge and drives me nuts . I 've got to find something better . No , its not defective . They should rename it from Whisper to Mack , like in Mack truck .
 I PURCHASED THIS ITEM IN MID DECEMBER AND IT WORKED FINE FOR TWO MONTHS AND THEN IT WOULD NOT WORK PROPERLY . I HAVE SINCE READ THAT THE DIAPHRAGM CRACKS AFTER A COUPLE MONTHS . THE REPAIR COST WOULD BE MORE THAN A NEW PUMP . STAY AWAY , RUN , RUN !!!
 I was n't quite sure what I was buying based on the photo here , but this is basically a ring with a center spoke out of the central hub that makes the pet run around in circles around the spoke . Does n't really attach very securely to the cage either at the top or on the side as it is very heavy , so I 'm nervous about using this as a cage attachment.As a standalone toy , it seems kind of pointless - just get a hamster ball , those are cheaper , easier to clean , and allows for actual wandering around .
 I do not recommend this accessory for two reasons . First , the only place this opens is the lid in the center part . If your pet poops/pees in the outer tubes , there is no way to clean it , except to shake whatever you can out . This has quickly become a cesspool on our cage . Yuck . Second , you ca n't get your pet out when it is hiding in those outer tubes . So , my son ca n't play with his pets . I 'm tossing this .
 We bought this assembled apart from the downward spoke . We needed to clean it the first time it was used and we CAN NOT get it back together . I have been trying for over 1/2 hour . I can not believe that anyone could make anything that fits together so badly and sell it as - `` Effortless cleaning - fully disassembles for easy cleaning '' . VERY disappointed . Whatever you do do n't take it apart ... Very expensive purchase for one time use - we paid $ 29 at our pet store . Complete waste of money .
 It 's a neat idea , but this thing is impossible to clean . You simply ca n't take it apart without breaking it , and you ca n't clean properly without taking it apart . Look for another option .
 We got this to add to uor extensive collection of tubes and housing for our beloved `` Fergie '' . She loved this turn-about too much . She made house in it and it does not come apart easily -LRB- to say the least -RRB- There is an opening for the middle section but very hard to open the tubes in order to clean them . Because of the difficulty to clean , it had to go .
 My hound dog loves to play with stuffed animals . I was hoping for this to be a little bit well made since it is intended for dogs , but he had torn apart the seems with his ginger chewing in a matter of minutes.VERY tiny .
 I was disgusted to see live bugs crawling around inside of the plastic of several of these packages !! -LRB- You should be aware that there are ten yellow frizbees filled with biscuits and covered with clear plastic . -RRB- I have no idea what kind of insects these are infested with , I just wanted them out of my house right away , YUCK !!!!! A most unpleasant experience !!!!! I have contacted Amazon and been assured of a full refund .
 I purchased a case and the dogs loved them . The bad part is I had to throw them all away because they were infested with moths . However when the Doggie De Lite folks saw this review they contacted me and replaced my order . Great customer service and a great product .
 I guess that each cat is different , but mine wo n't even go near this thing ! `` Sure to drive any cat wild '' ? Please ... Not even close!A few bucks may be worth a try for you though !
 While it looked cute and seemed like a good cat toy , Carl just was n't into it and it was n't worth the few bucks that it cost . Oh well .
 Absolutely useless !! My 3 month old lab puppy chewed it in the very first minute . I threw the rest in next minute .
 This ball had no `` catnip '' smell as was claimed on the packaging . Instead it had a plastic/rubber smell and has been mostly ignored by my cat . I 'm currently `` marinating '' the ball in a catnip container to try and get her more interested .
 I bought this because it was recommended to me . Our dog died and the area where he died became infested with fleas a couple weeks later . I do n't know if one has anything to do with the other . But anyway , I bought 2 bottles of this and sprayed the yard focusing on the problem area . I did this 2 days in a row because the first day saw no changes . The fleas in that area are so bad that if you put anything down there you can hear the fleas start jumping . Yesterday was the second day . This morning when I went to check , they were just as bad . No difference whatsoever . By the way , I bought at Walmart for $ 19.95 a bottle .
 My 15 lb dog ripped this toy open between the eyes almost as soon as we gave it to him . What a waste of money . I would n't buy any toys from Jakks Pacific ever again . We 've had much better luck with the Dr. Noys and Plush Puppies toys .
 As far as laser pointers go , this has to honestly be one of the worst I 've ever had . The batteries die within 5 minutes of usage , and it takes button cells so it WO N'T be cheap to keep refilling the thing every time you want to play with your cat . Go get yourself a GOOD 5mW laser pointer that takes regular batteries and is n't made out of cheap plastic like this one is .
 These are our dog 's favorite treats , or were . They are usually light brown , with a distinctive `` gamy '' aroma . I ordered eight -LRB- 8 -RRB- bags , and received seven -LRB- 7 -RRB- , in three different shipments . I assume that they came from different suppliers . The contents of two of the bags was very different from what we 've always gotten in the past . The treats were dark brown with a decidedly acrid smell . The dog wo n't touch them - they seem somehow fermented . We are now reluctant to order , since we ca n't be sure if we 'll get the `` good treats '' or the `` bad treats . ''
 Last time I left a comment the seller erased it . Makes me not trust Amazon if the seller can just erase your comment!The reason I am giving it a 1 star is because of the price . The price was $ 3 something and the shipping was $ 6 something making the total purchase $ 9.79 . The shipping makes the price of this product too expensive for what you are getting .
 This is the reason for one star.Haven ' t used them yet , but $ 6 for shipping for something that weights less than a fraction of an ounce !? Criminal ! Yeah , I did n't pay attention when checking out . Would never have bought them for that cost.Product is probably a 5 star item . Going in my emergency pack and hope I never need to use them . Need to find another supplier if I 'm going to practice with them .
 Eukanuba is junk with crap ingredients . They have good marketing and packaging to make you think it is high quality when it is actually the exact opposite . The same can be said for IAMs . Eukanuba gave my perfectly healthy boston terrier skin problems which although were n't his cause of death , it was the first domino that led to his death . If I had not fed him this junk , he would still be alive today . Im not a random case . The problem is byproducts , fillers and the use of corn . You mind as well feed your dog alpo and save yourself the money . No dog food should contain byproducts , soybean or corn .
 Other sites offer better coupler leashes ! I got triple coupler and it 's great . I think I got it for 12 bux or something . It 's awesome . No heavy metal like this one . Used to be 5 stars . Went down to 2 sorry
 I should start by saying the product arrived as promised , intact and as shown.However , amazon needs to regulate sellers ad 's better . The description reads as a universal dual lead.This product is for large 15 - 20 llb plus dogs only . I have 2 Yorkshire mini terriers and they can hardly pull the connection along let alone walk properly.Not a faulty product , but should be a much clearer advertisement .
 This is a really flimsy piece of dog equipment . The adjustable part is ok , but the latches that attach to your dog 's collar are as cheap as can be . After just three walks the snap closure does n't snap anymore . Could have been very dangerous .
 I have two black Labs , 90 & 110 lbs . One pulls much more than the other . The issue is the length adjustment in the `` Y '' . In theory , you can give the dogs more or less room apart by making the `` Y '' longer or shorter . In practice , the tension clips give way , and the dog that pulls ends up forcing the junction of the three cords at its maximum length , with the meeting point all the way to the end of the lead connection . For me , this puts the dogs too far apart , and I 'm constantly getting one wrapped around a light post or tree .
 This is a good quality product it just did n't work for us . Our dogs just both like to sniff different areas of the grass and when they would do this the bigger dog would pull the other one even when he was going potty . The only real complaint would be that it does n't adjust real good for different sized dogs . When you do adjust it the bigger dog ca n't really go side to side cause the tether is to short , or he drags the smaller one even more.But we gave it 2 stars cause the quality is good : -RRB-
 After two weeks of daily walks with two 15lb dogs , the adjustable latch broke ; the pins that hold this in place are flimsy , and the top latch simply popped out and fell off in somewhere on the trail . When the latch worked , it was great ; it comes in handy when you need to walk through a tight or populated area . But once the latch is broken , there is nothing from stopping the coupler leash from sliding back and forth through the attachment to the extendable leash , making walking two dogs very difficult . You 'll wind up with one dog with a much longer leash than the other .
 Harmful to the liver.Please read and research the ingredients.It 's `` sister '' Angel Eyes has the similar harmful effects.These products are marketed in a misleading way . They should be taken off the market .
 they sent me the product , very fast but it still has not worked on my maltese thanks again
 My dog Charlie is only 4 lbs . Gave him 1/8 tsp . mixed in cottage cheese . The next day he vomitted . Tried it one more time and the same thing happened . Product did not agree with my dog - consequently I can not give it a good review - sorry . I did call Angel 's Glow and explained what happened . Fellow on the phone was very nice - said that I probably should have sprinkled a little bit on my dog 's food a few times before I gave the full dose . Told him that it would have been good if that was written somewhere but it was not . Only instructions on back of bottle told how much to give according to the weight of the dog . He said I should probably try it again starting with the sprinkle of Angel 's Glow . Told him I think my dog has been sick enough and did n't want to try it again .
 I bough tthis for my rabbit , flemish giant rabbit . The spout leaks all over and the bottle is annoying to adjust . I would look other wise .
 LEAKS ! Went thru 3 weeks worth of bedding in 3 days . Tried every way possible to limit the damage . Gave up and tossed it .
 You will get readings that vary wildly from one reading to the other . MY LFS tested my water to be 1.025 , while this hydrometer was showing 1.022 in one reading and 1.028 in another despite tapping the bubbles off the needle . You will want to buy a refractometer after you purchase this so save yourself the $ 10 and invest in a refractometer . Look around and you may be able to find a used one for $ 30 or so .
 This product wore out in a month . Readings became inaccurate and hard to read , especially when the blue measurement markings wore off . It 's a hydrometer , it is supposed to withstand exposure to salt water . I would not recommend this product . It is not useful , at any price .
 This appliance
 Does not work not accurate sucks ! Regret buying it ! Waste of money seriously do not buy this brand of hydrometer
 The box says 225 but there were only 196 . I bought this because of the other reviewers on Amazon.com . His extra bio balls must have been from my box because mine was short . These bio balls are tiny . I do n't this this it worth $ 15 -LRB- which is what I paid -RRB- . I put them in a gallon container and had plenty of space left over .
 I bought this for our cockatiel , thinking it would minimize the amount of pellets that spray while he eats . However , he refuses to eat out of this dish in his cage . He shows some hesitation , but will eat treats from it outside the cage . He will not go near it inside the cage . My biggest complaint is that we were unable to choose the color . Ours arrived as a marbled black color , which could contribute to the problem -- I am not sure if red or blue would have the same effect .
 Thought this was a cool dish to get so the birds would n't throw there food around . Well they were to scared to eat anything out of it . I think because it was to dark for them to see ... . I ended out tossing it .
 Seller listed item at just under $ 2.00 , shipping charges over $ 20 , then claim it was for 1 pig ear only-would not honor ad or my purchase-canceled order ! Customer satisfaction not very important ! Buy elsewhere !
 The harness locked and would not unlock the first time I put it on my five month old puppy . I ended up having to cut it off of her.Personally , I can understand that sometimes a particular item does n't work quite as well - but the response I got from this company was terrible . First - I sent a request for refund through amazon . The first one went unanswered for 2 weeks . I sent in another request - company said they did n't get the first - OK , fine . On each request I carefully explained -LRB- not that there is much to it -RRB- what happened . They asked for pictures . I sent them . Then they came back with ... we ca n't see what happened in the pictures - can you explain what happened -LRB- clearly never really read through the emails already sent ... now a month has passed -RRB- . I explain it again ! Then they tell me that sometimes if you put in the fastener diagonally and not completely head-on , it can jam . WTF ? We are talking about dogs and puppies . They then wanted me to mail the item back first class to them to determine whether or not it was really defective . The cost on that was going to be over 50 % the cost of the item . Not worth it . I think that 's what they were counting on .
 IATA requires air-holes on all 4 sides of the carrier . This model does not have holes on the back side -LRB- which you ca n't see in the main photo -RRB- . As a result , I had to drive from Boston Logan to a local Petsmart to purchase new IATA approved crates 2 hours prior to shipping 2 dogs to the UK.Other than that , I suppose they 're ok .
 Just like the title says , this crate was/is a ridiculous waste of money - I doubt it will hold up for 3 months . First of all , it came packaged in a bunch of old boxes that had been haphazardly taped together to try & cover the crate itself . Once I got it out of the mess it was packaged in , & started putting it together , I was amazed at how small this `` extra large '' crate was - it may handle a 45 lb dog , but nothing larger , for sure . Add to that , the holes the bolts went through were not lined up at all , so I had to drill them out to make them match - ditto with the tie-down holes . Oh , and the bolts & bolt covers themselves ? Well , the covers are cheap plastic that DO N'T FIT the bolts - so I had to find wing nuts that would fit them to fit the two pieces together . For the cost , this thing is a tragedy - and if there was a way to repackage & send it back , you bet your bottom dollar I would do so - but since it did n't come in a box -LRB- it came in PIECES OF BOXES -RRB- there 's no way to put that puzzle back together . Move on , folks , & find a product worth this price tag .
 I have a 90 lb dog . I would like to send you a video of her trying to fit inside this crate so you can use for advertisement lol THIS NOT X-LARGE ! nice crate tho . Good for puppies or ankle bitters
 This was the second one I bought . The first one was too small for my 60 pound Golden , I did follow the size chart when I purchased it . The second one fit but he chewed the nylon halter off in less than five minutes . Then , he snapped the plastic fastener while on a lead .
 Adopted a 2 year old male boxer that needed some leash training . Could n't adjust the openings to the appropriate size - was either too tight or would be too big . Maybe it was all user error , but this did n't keep him from pulling on the leash .
 My dog was somehow able to reach the slide latch on his shoulders , in the process he chewed it and the harness is useless now . It seemed like quality merchandise , but was super easy to destroy . I was disappointed because I really liked the product .
 I had a Sporn halter for several years that I used on my 50lb mixed breed dog who is an ` enthusiastic ' walker and it worked GREAT in slowing her down . Then one of the extensions broke off and I ordered another one . It was flimsier and the sizing was different than the original . So I ordered a different size and it too was flimsy and now way too big -LRB- the 1st was too small -RRB- and my dog weighed the same . So I do n't know what happened to the quality of the product , but whatever happened took a great product to one I do n't ever use . I was hugely disappointed .
 ******* Updated from Original Review ******* I 'm leaving my original review down below for I believe there may be information on there that is helpful to others . However , I 'm lowering the score and adding new comments . I stopped using this harness system after about a month of usage.At that point it was obvious to me that this was not enough restraint for my dog to help her learn to heel properly , and definitely not enough to help me control her if she started reacting to something.If you have a smaller/more calm animal it very well may be helpful . In Jenny 's case as soon as she got used to it it no longer helped teach her to heel.Personally I found that for the average dog -LRB- not dog aggresive , just needs help with pulling -RRB- a front lead harness is the best option for teaching them to heel , along with training by the owner.If you need the MOST control over your dog -LRB- like if they are genetically inclined to be dog aggresive , for example -RRB- then I recommend a head harness.I do n't want to totally bash the product , which is why I 'm leaving my original review below . It may work for the right person/right dog . -LRB- If nothing else at least it 's a cheap option to try ! -RRB- When working directly with people , however , I am more inclined to recommend a front lead harness first before I would recommend this.I gave it lower stars because I believe the advertising may be a little misleading from the results I and people I know have seen when trying it with larger/stronger breed dogs . ___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ I agree with a previous reviewer that a lot of the negative complaints about this product sound like they are from people trying to use this collar for dogs that are NOT walking in the heel position . I believe that most of the anti-pull harnesses that are out there right now are made for dogs that are training to walk next to their owner . I could be wrong - on the cover of the package it did show a model walking a dog with the dog in front of her , so who knows.I do know that living in an condo -LRB- where I have to let my dog out of the heel position so she can do her business -RRB- and walking a dog in the suburbs of Chicago -LRB- where they do n't believe in sidewalks , apparently -RRB- that if my dog is walking ahead of me -LRB- specifically with her head down , sniffing the ground -RRB- after a while the harness does start to move around and she could eventually slip out of it.The `` proper '' way to handle a product like this is to have the dog on your left and the leash/collar in your hand hanging by your side . Determine how much length you want to give the dog -LRB- longer at first , shorter as you go on -RRB- and take the duration of the leash and drape it over the other arm or whatnot.Now here 's the important part - you keep your left arm that is holding the leash at the `` cut off '' point by your side no matter what the dog is doing . It 's not always comfortable -LRB- or feasible , if you 're trying to walk through the snow ! -RRB- but using it in this way -LRB- especially in conjunction with your own verbal cues or training -RRB- it will automatically correct the dog when they try to leave the heel position or start pulling on the lead . You can still do your own leash corrections this way - which are n't painful but do seem to get the point across to the dog.It 's quite simple from there on out - the dog will begin to see that staying by your side has it 's own reward -LRB- no tugging from the leash -RRB- in conjunction with your own verbal cues or training . I noticed if I do n't do that then I have a tendency to correct the leash myself without realizing it.Anyway , on to the actual review - I recently adopted a female rottie-boxer mix who had been through doggie boot camp & does know the basic tenements of walking on a leash . When I adopted her she came with a prong collar - which DO serve a purpose when used correctly ; specifically with certain types of breeds or stronger dogs . I had no problem with it but after getting to know her and seeing what a baby she is about getting hurt AND the fact that it was virtually impossible to use the prong collar to teach her to be in the heel position without hurting her I decided to look into something else . I kept being informed to use `` gentle leader '' but honestly , I thik those things look barbaric and I had no desire to try it out . After doing my research I decided on this , being that she 's not a super strong pullar I went for the collar instead of the harness.She 's not one of those dogs that pulls you down the block -LRB- she will pull occasionally but a brief leash correction or `` tsk '' noise and she stops , for the most part -RRB- but she definitely has a mind of her own when it comes to sniffing out areas , walking where she wants , etc. . I know she KNOWS how to walk properly but it 's been very aggrivating trying to teach her to walk in the heel position . I 've literally tried everything , read everything I could on the subject , talked to her trainer about it , etc. . The only time she will actually walk in that correct position is if I have a treat in my hand!I 'm on day 3 of using the collar and I have to say I 'm pretty impressed . It 's not an instant cure-all but it definitely is a nice alternative to the prong collar . It does keep her from pulling a lot -LRB- even when ahead of me -RRB- but I imagine for those people with really strong pullers you would probably benefit from the harness more than the collar.What 's really nice about the product is it 's cheap -LRB- especially if you order online -RRB- it 's sized accurately -LRB- you would n't beleive the number of harnesses with totally inaccurate sizing ! -RRB- and it works ! The design of it is very simple , too - it really was n't difficult to figure out at all . It took maybe an extra two minutes for me to play around with it and look at the instructions , and I do n't tend to be good with stuff like that!I will add that you will want to hang on to a secondary form of collar for your pet as it 's not great for all situations -LRB- nor does it advertise itself as such -RRB- I think I 'm going to still take a look at the Illusion collar or a different harness for those times when we are outside just to potty or going outside and then hopping in the car -LRB- we have an auto tether and car hanress anyway -RRB- as this product does n't work very well for the casual sniffing around and potty thing - it 's meant for , and advertised for , walking.I 'm waiting to see if my dog does end up with any chafing - One MAJOR complaint I do have is that the product does not seem very sturdy at all . For anyone with a strong breed animal it 's a little unnerving to see this thin nylon strings being used to corrall your dog . I read a lot of reviews from people with strong breeds though , and for many of them this was a life saver.I understand that they need something stretchy and flexible to go underneath the dogs `` arm pits '' and across their chest but if they could find something that 's more durable that would be a huge plus . In fact , making the whole thing a bit durable - or an option for a more durable one maybe - would be great . The price is cheap , so it 's not hard to replace them if they do break but it would just be easier to have a thicker option .
 I have a 70lb . mixed breed dog that loves to pull on the leash . When I first put this harness on him it seemed to be working . The pulling was n't as bad . However , as soon as he got used to the feeling of having it on , his pulling was as bad as ever . Also , it is a pain to put off and on , the straps are so thin that if I tried to leave it on him he could chew through them in no time . A friend of mine has the same harness and said it works pretty well on her dog ; maybe it just depends on the dog , but it was n't successful with mine .
 I sent it back after four uses ! The product did not stop my Rottie puppy from pulling and then it fell off ! Luckily I had a buckle collar on him so I could get him home safely . Turns out that the buckle on the halter just pulls apart . Do n't waste your money .
 I purchased this kennel to crate train an adopted dog with seperation anxiety . After less than a month the dog was able to break the lower lip where the door sits and escape . After contacting pet mate they said the warrenty doesnt cover crate training a dog only a dog that is already trained . Tough break . I bought another one at petsmart for cheaper as well .
 The red leather cat collar is ok however , I do not like that the leather is a bit thin and the end of the collar does not stay in place . Sadly my cat will not have this collar long as it is not that strong therefore , I will be looking for another cat collar that has stamina and looks great .
 Box states it 's suitable for mice : My husband bought this cage and brought it home for our full-grown male mouse . We had to seperate him quickly from the momma once she gave birth . This cage is smaller than I am comfortable with , but I thought it would serve its purpose . I thought wrong.I 've been woken up and yelled to when Cocoa -LRB- the mouse -RRB- gets out of the wires on the top of the cage . He 's a super friendly and mild tempered mouse , so he 's not even an exception in that department . This cage just flat out does n't contain a mouse of even full-grown size . Thankfully Cocoa just sits there on top of his cage usually once out , but I finally gave up on this one since we have a cat in the house and this just is n't safe at all !!!
 Box states it 's suitable for mice : My husband bought this cage and brought it home for our full-grown male mouse . We had to seperate him quickly from the momma once she gave birth . This cage is smaller than I am comfortable with , but I thought it would serve its purpose . I thought wrong.I 've been woken up and yelled to when Cocoa -LRB- the mouse -RRB- gets out of the wires on the top of the cage . He 's a super friendly and mild tempered mouse , so he 's not even an exception in that department . This cage just flat out does n't contain a mouse of even full-grown size . Thankfully Cocoa just sits there on top of his cage usually once out , but I finally gave up on this one since we have a cat in the house and this just is n't safe at all !!!
 I got this for my Cairn terrier puppy when I first got him and I have to say , the idea is a good one but execution is poor . There are two basic problems with this toy .1 -RRB- My dog just licks it until the treat gets smaller and then manages to pull it out and finish it . This takes maybe fifteen minutes at most .2 -RRB- Even if he did n't do that , after about three uses the rubber became loose around the treat , so that now it basically just pops out by itself.So save your money and invest it in something more durable .
 I did not like these , they said they lasted long an for big dogs.My dogs swollowed them whole and did not even chew them
 My dog liked it but what does n't he like . He chewed this up in 10 minutes . `` My money '' . I thought it was going to last longer .
 I 'd seen this for a while , but now that I 'm trying to get my 18mo old Labradoodle to transition out of his crate , I thought this might be the perfect treat to keep him busy during this phase.Unfortunately , my fluff monster managed to knock the treat ball out of the holder within minutes , within another 10 minutes it was completely gone . Really disappointing , considering the price of these treats -LRB- and the $ 20 - $ 25 investment in the holder -RRB- . I guess I 'll stick to stuffing kongs for a while longer , even though I hate cleaning up the mess .
 These are not premium ingredients , glutens are not something I feed my dogs , and the poultry is not one of the first ingredients ... I 'll stick with pizzles , tendons , raw bones ... that actually do clean teeth.Everlasting Treat Ingredients
 After I gave my dog this treat , she had diarrhea for 2 days ! . What a mess ! She wo n't be getting this again .
 My 10 month old german shepherd loved it . And loved it so much that in about 5 minutes he was already chewing pieces off the thing . In exactly 45 minutes the damn thing was GONE . My dog had eaten it all . I do n't think it 's going to hurt him , but this is NOT an everlasting treat AT ALL , definitely not for 60 pound + dogs -LRB- my pup is a very strong 80 pound gsd - all muscles , no fat -RRB- .
 My Dachshund devoured the treat in about 3 minutes flat . Now she seems like she is n't feeling well and I 'm going to take her to the vet because I think it may have given her a bowel impaction . Great . Do n't get these , please . I got them at a feed store thinking it would keep her entertained for a while . . nope . Just made her sick . I think I paid like $ 17 for the ball and a package of refills . What a waste .
 This is one of the quite typical case of misleading descriptions and claims . This so called `` everlasting '' and `` large '' treat did not last for even an hour after I gave it to my dog . It is a dinky little thing . Totally not worth your money .
 Sadly i got really excited when i saw this and the toy these go into that i bought a few flavors and the toy ASAP . She isnt into them =[ hopefully she comes around and starts to use it but we will see . If she does i will make an update !
 My dogs love chew treats such as rawhide bones and bully sticks . How great , I thought it would be , to buy a dog treat that had some staying power . Staying power it has . What it lacks is any attraction for my dogs.It was a waste of money . Not that much money , but a waste all the same .
 I got this from Petsmart for my Aussie mix . She is the destroyer of toys , even the toughest of toys will last 2 days at most , I spent something like $ 40 on tough toys one night and they were destroyed by the following night . Yes , I walk her , she gets walked over 4 miles per day , goes to the dog park 2-4 times a week , and gets to play tug with my brother and I every night.She 's just friggin smart and finds the weak points in toys quickly , her record is the Kong ` Wubba ' - destroyed in 2 minutes , plush stuffed toys I do n't even bother with because she rips in to them instantly.So I got this to see if it can keep her occupied , it did , for about 3 hours . Instead of biting the ball , she licked the treat till it was soggy and then just took it out and ate it . Not bad but a Nylabone costs half as much and lasts way longer , not as tempting for her sure but I bought a Nylabone Durachew for $ 11 a month ago and though it 's now half its original size , at least it 's still around .
 I was pleased to , read about these treats and thought what a good time my dog would have with them . It lasted about 10 minutes . I think there is something amiss with the product description
 Seemed like a great idea , and my dog loved it , but when she began choking on the treat , I threw them away . She 's a 40-lb lab and loves to chew on anything she can get . It only took her 5 minutes to figure out how to get the treat out of the ball . She 's fine . I was able to immediately dislodge the treat from the back of her mouth , but the scare was enough to decide I would n't let her have them again . She does still enjoy playing with the ball .
 If I had n't been right there watching , he would have choked to death . He had worked the round treat loose from the toy and chewed the edges until he tried to swallow it . I used Heimlich to remove it . Do n't leave your dog unattended with any chew toy !
 We have purchased these several times . This past time our dog got it out of the holder and ate the whole thing in less than an hour . Too expensive to have it last this short of time .
 I feed my dog grain free 5 star dog food ... totw . I should have looked at the ingrediants in this before giving to my dog . Place look ay the junk thurs contains . My dog is n't allergic to grains or anything I know of amd still reacted so badly to this junk . She popped it out in 5 mins and it was fully eaten in 15 . 8 hrs later she had very loose stools and difficulty passing . Im concerned she may have a blockage . She has never had these problems and I fed nothing different other then this chew . Im throwing out the two others I have , just too dangerous .
 not long lasting really and makes the dog sick when she eats too much of the treat . I have to take it away from her after a few minutes so she does n't eat too much . If she eats the whole thing she gets the hershey squirts -LRB- liquid stool frequently -RRB- . I think a better long lasting treat is peanut butter inside a bone or kong FROZEN . That keeps her busy and she does n't get sick .
 My dog loved this toy/treat , and then I noticed in the fine print on the cardboard it came in that it was made in China . While my dog has consumed 2-1/2 of these treats with no adverse effects , I can not continue to buy them because of the concern that I might get a bad batch that will make her sick . I 'm disappointed and so is my dog .
 my german shepherd went thru this in less than 20 mins . I was very disappointed . Everlasting must be a good tasting treat , or perhaps a smaller dog could make it last longer ? who knows for sure . So , although I personally did n't taste this , my german shepherd plowed thru in record time .
 Like most of you looking here , I 've gone through more beds for my dogs than I can remember . Last year after the cheap bed was tossed out I decided maybe I just need to spend a little more for quality . My local store had the Big Shrimpy and convinced by the initial quality and the shop owner that this would last forever , I ordered one each for my 2 dogs at close to $ 400 out the door ... It took my 2 labs no more than 6 months to completely flatten out the beds and so far my email to the manufacturer has gone unanswered.In short , this is not the one ... the search must go on .
 Beautiful-looking product . Probably the cover is very nice . It looks swell in the photos at manufacturer website.I was shopping the onlynaturalpet website and clicked on the dog bed section where I saw the Shrimpy bed . Great looking , but when I read the description which said `` SmartFill -LRB- 100 % recycled fiber -RRB- '' I thought I 'd better check out what that was , as there was no description of it at onlynaturalpet . I suppose manufacturers are allowed to write their own copy and leave out such important parts such as `` what is really in the filler ? '' Though it is described , probably accurately at the dealer Big Shrimpy website , the truth about the filler is not clear to me because there 's no guarantee or references to the standard of identity of `` SmartFill '' , which could be anything . After reading the manufacturer 's description of the fill I decided to see what the perspicacious reviewers at amazon say about the fill . Not so good . Read what the manufacturer says here :[ . . -RSB- Notice the manufacturer 's suggestion , do not use your own home washer for laundering the inner cushion , but to go laudromat and perhaps ruin the machines there . Is this an ethical a suggestion from a green company.So I did n't order this product based on the customer comments about the fill , added to my own concerns about it -- I think finely chopped garbage is n't going to work as a filler in dog beds or human beds ... or anything else . It sounds like stuff we get frrom China , and maybe it is from China ... I think its tiny particles are going to come out through the cover , one way or another . And since the particles are tiny enough to escape through the high-quality cover during laundering and clog drains , are they coming out when the unit is dry and in use ... is the dog , or are the dog 's owners breathing in these fibers of unknown origin ? This is not just a nasty comment , but pertinent questions to ask before purchasing newfangled stuff that ca n't be identified.And is the manufacturer kidding about the price ?! Nearly $ 200 for a dog bed ? How in the world is Big Shrimpy going to stay in business . Nearly $ 200 . Seriously ?
 My bull terrier loved this toy . It 's long lasting and the only toy that my dog did n't destroy in 10 minutes . I thought it was great until he came down with a fever and intense diarrhea and a low grade fever after getting a piece of it out of the toy . The vet said that it was recalled a few years back but could n't find out why . She said to stay away from any pet things made in China as there are no regulations on the making of them . I wo n't be giving them to my dog - please be warned and make an informed decision before buying it .
 My dog loved the treat but I now have stains all over my house from the product . I recommend that this be used only outdoors .
 We have two Vizslas which are not the world 's heaviest chewers . However , they demolished these in minutes . The worst part was that large chunks broke off the disks and were then swallowed . Very dangerous and we would not buy these again .
 maybe too much glycerine in this product . also once she gets it out of the holder -LRB- everlasting treat holder -RRB- she can chomp the whole thing quickly . but the worse part is ... she gets diarrhea . Hershey squirts often starting a few hours after digestion of this treat . she likes it but it is not good for her .
 must have been tasty though , because that 's how long it took my lab to destroy this . I would not buy this again .
 The liver product stained the beige carpet . I would not recommend this flavor . We have tried all kinds of stain remover but to no avail . Save yourself a lot of head aches and a major problem with ruining your carpet .
 not long lasting really and makes the dog sick when she eats too much of the treat . I have to take it away from her after a few minutes so she does n't eat too much . If she eats the whole thing she gets the hershey squirts -LRB- liquid stool frequently -RRB- . I think a better long lasting treat is peanut butter inside a bone or kong FROZEN . That keeps her busy and she does n't get sick .
 These treats do n't last , my dog can pop them out in a matter of minutes , and it 's completely gone in about 5 minutes . Add to that the seller I purchased from only sent me one -LRB- they come in packs of 2 , seller opened it and only sent me one treat -RRB- , I was very disappointed . Never going to bother with these again .
 Dogs loved it , but they freed it and ate it in minutes . Turns out to be a dollar a minute for the dogs ' enjoyment . Might as well have been a milk bone .
 It fits the right ball and it is just as `` everlasting '' as the other disks , but I really do n't think this smells at all like vanilla or mint .
 My little dog would n't even lick it , she is n't going to even get close to it . Beware ! She loves her treats and I was hoping after reading the other reviews that it would be good for her and her breath , but what a waste of $ 5 . So frustrated!Just a friendly warning , you might have to send them back .
 When I took the cage out of the box , the green plastic part was broken so that there 's a gaping hole several inches wide in one corner . I was too lazy to return it , so instead I just taped over the hole with mailing tape and it works fine . But I was n't pleased that it arrived broken when I paid full price for it .
 I do n't necessarily recommend this cage , but not for quality problems . The cage itself is as to be expected . The problem lies in that it 's far too small to give proper exercise room to any sort of guinea pig , ferret , or rabbit . Unless you intend to use it as a part-time cage part-time litter box , it 's too small . If you intend to keep any of these animals in it full-time , you 'll have an unhappy animal , plain and simple . There 's not room for food , water , toys , hides , an animal , and still give them room to stretch and run about . If you want it for something smaller , say , a rat , consider a leveled , vertical cage instead . They like to climb .
 This is a nice cage , it is sturdy and the bottom is tall enough that bedding does not get everywhere . However , it is not large enough for any rabbit to live in , my bun keeps her litter pan in here and her food but she runs around the main room for the majority of the day because my schedule allows me to do most of my work in my apartment . If I had a job that I had to be out of the apartment for more than an hour or two at a time though , I would never get this cage . It would work for a guinea pig or hamster but NOT a rabbit because they need room to run and exercise and this does not cut it . I would give this five stars if I had a guinea pig but it should not be labeled as a rabbit cage , because I was mislead .
 I bought this because it showed a deep dish and i have a rabbit and needed a way to keep it from using the bathroom outside the cage . However , the wire cage part just sits on top of the base , theres no way to actually connect it . I also have a cat so I 'm worried that if the cage were to get knocked over my cat would have an easy meal . Going to poke holes in the base and wire it down ...
 Guinea pigs are about the largest thing you can put in a cage this small , and only up to two . A rabbit or ferret will need to be let out almost 24/7 to be healthy .
 We bought this cage for our 2 rats but right from the start it was proving to be a hassle rather than a nice simple cage . In the long run , not worth our $ $ -LRB- tho we did keep it -RRB- .1
 This cage is very well built and a good deal , but it is definitely not for rats . If you have a rat save yourself some trouble and buy one that is specifically designed for rats . The bar spacing in this one is too wide and our rats were out within no time . I 'm somewhat annoyed that the manufacturer advertises it as suitable for small pets instead of naming the specific animals for which it would be suitable . We did our research and quite a few of the reviews on amazon.com said that this cage was suitable for rats - they either own Godzilla rats or giant mutant rats from a research gone wrong . This cage is not suitable for normal rats , period !
 I have been a rabbit owner for many years and I have also had these cages for many years . This cage is great to start with especially when the rabbit is small , but when they get older , clean up is a hassle . They learn to kick and dig bedding out of the cage , and pooping outside the corner of the cage as well although they had litter boxes and were well trained . I found myself cleaning the floor outside of the cage daily . It is also a hassle to take the wire top off the cage to actually clean it . Of course , rabbits will be rabbits in this case , but I had to find an alternate cage to minimize cleaning outside of the cage . :-RRB- When I first bought this cage , I did find it extremely easy to assemble , but when my rabbits got older , it was n't tall enough for them to stretch their legs in , and my rabbits are n't very large .
 This cage is far too small for a guinea pig to live in full time . Guinea pigs living in this cage are basically living in a litter box . They need room to walk , play , and `` popcorn '' or they become very unhealthy very quickly . Please search the internet for other options for guinea pig cages before even thinking of purchasing a cage of this type . Next time you see a guinea pig in a cage of this type , look at their attitude . I never knew that guinea pigs were happy little creatures until I found out that they sell cages that are too small to you at the pet store . Every guinea pig I 'd ever seen were depressed , and sad little animals.Now I know why , so I 'm trying to warn others.I also have a big problem with the latch , the door is TOO small to try to get things in and out , the handles hurt your hands , and the stuff that was included in the `` kit '' that came with my cage were completely inappropriate for guinea pigs - salt lick , sugar treats etc. . I did n't know any of this at the time.Please take the time to research about guinea pigs before you purchase anything for your piggies.I 'm giving it one star , because the one positive thing is that it does n't have a wire floor ... a deadly thing for Guinea pigs .
 As someone who rescues rabbits , I can tell you this is a terrible environment for your rabbit . Your rabbit needs much more space . It is easier and cheaper to get an excersize pen and litterbox train your rabbit . No need for expensive bedding , which can cause resperatory problems in rabbits . If you rescue a rabbit , they are litterbox trained already and spayed/neutered -LRB- ALWAYS SPAY OR NUETER YOUR RABBIT . Doing so can extend its lifespan from 4-5 years to 8-11 years and cut down on aggression and other unwanted behaviors -RRB- . You should n't give them this food either . They need unlimited timothy hay , timothy hay pellets every day -LRB- about a 1/4 cup for a 5 pound rabbit -RRB- , and a mix of fresh greens daily . That 's it . Check out a book called The House Rabbit Handbook by Harriman . This should be your ultimate resource . Do n't buy into vitamin drops and other items . You do n't need them if they are getting the greens and hay they need . And PLEASE , DO NOT BUY A RABBIT FOR EASTER . Most rabbits purchased for Easter are abandoned or ignored . About 80 % die due to neglect . Remember rabbits are animals that will live 8-11 years and are a real responsibility . Please adopt . There are so many unwanted rabbits out there.House Rabbit Handbook
 Di not get this for guinea pigs it is tortcher ! They need FOUR FEET for EACH guinea pig ! Y &#363; ca n't afford a bigger cage ? Give them away !
 This cage is nowhere near large enough for any living animal to live in ! For the same price , you can easily build a cage where you can more easily access and view your pet , clean , and enjoy that is eight times -LRB- yes , EIGHT TIMES -RRB- larger and much more attractive . No animal should live in such measly conditions . C and C cages are much easier to clean than this difficult to use cage , they last much longer , and your pet will be so much happier . When I built my C and C , my guinea pigs did laps around the cage and popcorned for an hour ! They are so much happier now . They enjoy my company and are much more vocal . Like a flower moved out of a closet and into the sun , they absolutely bloomed ! C and C cages are the only option for anyone who is a responsible and caring pet owner who wants their animals to live in luxury . For more information on C and C cages , go to the cavy cages website !
 Very frustrated with this product . It 's suppose to keep your dog from pulling by lifting their front legs . I have an 85lbs German Shepherd that this would not work on to save my life . The biggest pain about this product was trying to figure out how it went one after taking it off . It 's no user friendly at all .
 I bought the Sporn No Pull Harness for my young yellow lab puppy . It did seem to help somewhat with her pulling , but the straps are very thin and dug into her skin every time she pulled -LRB- which is always -RRB- . The black dye rubbed off on her light fur leaving two big black smudges on her chest and a black X across her back . Quite annoying - I had to scrub it pretty well with soap to try to get it off , only to have the problem recur every time I put it on her . I emailed the company to tell them of the problem and NEVER got a response . I guess the factory in China makes it out of material that is not colorfast and apparently Sporn does n't care ! If you have a light colored dog , then expect the color to rub off on their fur !! Also the fleece sleeves are not attached to the straps and came off every time I tried to put the harness on my dog . Also quite annoying to have to deal with that while my dog is jumping around anxiously anticipating her walk ! I ended up stitching it to the strap to prevent the problem . Seems to me that is a solution that could easily be taken care of in production . I ended up scrapping the Sporn and buying an Easy Walk harness instead . Much better quality product that fits better , does n't bleed on my dog 's fur and stops her from pulling !!!!
 This product promises to `` stop pulling instantly . '' My 55 lb Hound/Mix was completely unfazed by this harness . In fact , with the extra slack that is created , he was able to get enough momentum to pull me so hard that I strained a muscle in my back . I am now using a Halti head harness , which seems to work better .
 I bought this for my Rottweiler mix who goes crazy after squirrels . It fit her very well but both front rings broke as soon as we walked out the door ! Instantly . We just turned around , put her regular DreamWalker harness on and threw what was left of the Sporn Halter away .
 BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT FOR OUR 25 LB . DACHSHUND / JACK RUSSEL MIX . SHE 'S A HARD PULLER WHEN YOU START OUT WALKING AND SHE CHOKES HERSELF , BUT AFTER 15 MINUTES , SHE 'LL WALK AT A NORMAL PACE . THE 1ST TIME I TRIED THE HARNESS , I NOTICED SHE WA N'T PULLING HARD AT ALL INITIALLY -LRB- DOING WHAT IT 'S DESIGNED TO DO ! -RRB- . BUT AFTER SHE BEGAN WALKING AT A NORMAL PACE , THE HARNESS KEPT SLIPPING OFF FROM UNDER FRONT LEGS -LRB- REMEMBER ... SHORT LEGS ON A DACHSHUND / JACK RUSSEL MIX -RRB- . ALSO , THE COMFORT PADS UNDER EACH LEG KEPT RIDING UP OUT OF PLACE . THESE 2 PROBLEMS HAPPENED SEVERAL/MANY TIMES DURING THE COURSE OF OUR WALK , CAUSING ME TO STOP AND RE-ADJUST THE HARNESS . BUY THE END OF OUR WALK , I WAS GLAD I DID N'T PAY TOO MUCH FOR THE PRODUCT , AND WISHED I 'D STUCK HER STANDARD COLLAR IN MY POCKET SO I COULD HAVE SWITCHED . I NOW REALIZE THIS ITEM WAS DESIGNED FOR DOGS WITH LONGER LEGS . A STANDARD DOUBLE -LRB- UNDER LEG -RRB- HARNESS WOULD PROBABLY WORK BETTER , AT A REDUCED COST.SO...SHORT-LEGGED DOG OWNERS ... BEWARE !!!
 I have had a whole bunch of halters for my dog -LRB- 45lb beagle mix -RRB- but I should 've known from this cheap price that it would be equally cheaply made . This one wo n't even stay on my dog - when she bends over to sniff something , the arms dangle and she can get out of it . I 've tried tightening it and certainly bought the right size , but it is so ill-fitting I just threw it away . What a waste . I guess it helped with pulling , but if it does n't stay on then what 's the difference .
 Very disappointed in this product . I 'll give you the pros and cons . PROS
 It says this will fit my powerhead -LRB- from the same company -RRB- , but I seriously just ca n't figure out how . The directions are no help either ... . So its just sitting in my cabinet waiting for a magical hand to make it fit on there .
 it is a good product but not for aqua clear 20 filter . I wrongly purchased it . it wo n't fit to the head . five stars for product and zero star for not working on aqua clear 20 .
 I thought that this would be good but wow , this thing is huge . Might be good for a 100 gallon setup , but in my 50 gallon this huge cylinder looks gaudy , and takes up way too much space , it measures 7 '' tall and almost 3 '' in diameter Also Mine showed on the box a attachment to adapt to my aquclear 20 powerhead , well no such adaptor making this USELESS . It will fit a aquaclear 50 PH or above but not good for the 20s or 30 models . Not worth returning seeing cost of shipping outweighs the items worth . oh well to the trash it goes . And to add to that its cheep plastic construction . I am sorry I ever bought this
 They should post the length of this and the length of the power heads because together , they were too long for my tank .
 The thing was complete , but not new , as advertized . Some pieces were broken and others contained bedding .
 I ordered this discounted food knowing the discount would off set the shipping . My cats LOVE this cat food , I 've fed it to them for years and will keep buying it . Solid Gold is an excellent brand , never had any of the cat food recalls . So I felt I made a wise decision even though the product listed did n't include the size bag . Turns out the size was a 4 lb bag , still a savings with the discount . I 've also ordered through PetFood Direct , never had a problem with their service or with their products . The drawback was the bag was expired . Ordered 12/10 and expired 2/10 . I am very disappointed I spent the money on expired food which I will not feed my pets . There is a reason why a manufacturer puts an expiration date on their food . So no , I wo n't order this product again and I wonder if that was what the discount was all about - Getting rid of expired food the only way they could . I wo n't order dry cat food on line again , not through PetFood Direct , not when their people do this to a customer .
 Just received this item and I am super disappointed with the size . It is RIDICULOUSLY small . I have a normal-ish sized Pomeranian , about 10 lbs . and this thing just barely wraps around her . It only covers from her neck to halfway down her back . Not what I was expecting at all . It 's TINY ! The description says it fits dogs 7-12lbs . Even though it says Pomeranians could fit XXS , I decided to go up a size just in case . I decided against going up two sizes , because my dog is not as big as a Jack Russell Terrier -LRB- suggestion for S -RRB- . Now I wish I would have . I have yet to try it in the water but I 'm scared it wo n't do much for poor Sadie ! Perhaps I received the wrong size , as there is no actual tag on the item . **** EDIT -LRB- 6/19/12 -RRB-
 This place NEVER credited me when I sent it back because of size . What is the deal with this company ??!!
 I had hoped that this toy might prove more durable than all of the other toys we 've been buying for Ruby , our seven-month old mixed breed puppy -LRB- 35 lbs -RRB- , but three days after receiving this from Amazon it was completely destroyed . Oh well . Maybe this was the penultimate fish ? Is there another , even more indestructible dog toy out there somewhere ? She chewed the last Kong toy into pieces .
 This a poorly designed bag . The straps are cheaply made , poorly padded , and started to show signs of stress after 3 uses . The bag is barrel shaped , when it should be tear-drop shaped . This means that the straps come down in a straight pattern from the sides , rather than the flared set-up on most backpacks , where they start out together at the top and then flare out to the opposing sides of the bottom . This means that the bag does not sit comfortably on your shoulder , dispersing the weight evenly . All the weight rests on the outside of the shoulders , which is quite uncomfortable . The bag just never seems to sit quite right on your back . The bag also has only one , totally inadequate , small compartment for your belongings . It 's about big enough to hold a man 's wallet , nothing more , and it has a velcro fastener , not a zipper . Finally , the bag is too narrow , and not very comfortable for the cat.The whole bag just feels cheaply made . There are rigid panels that snap in to let the bag hold it 's shape and not collapse on the cat . Great idea , but the snaps do n't work . I 'm used to Sherpa bags , and there is just no comparasion . I wish I could recommend a better bag , but I have yet to find a reasonably priced backpack carrier that addesses the issues that I have raised , one that would be comfortable to wear , and spread the cat 's weight evenly as a backpack should .
 I 'm a great fan of `` silent '' dog whistles.No , they are not silent , and yes , the dog needs to be trained to respond to the whistle with treats.I carried this particular whistle on my key chain for about six months , and then , all of a sudden it stopped working . I do n't know why . I fiddled with it , but no luck.I 'm assuming you get what you pay for , and this one just does n't hold up over time .
 I bought this thinking it would be a SILENT whistle . Guess I was fooled by the `` silent whistle '' description . It 's not silent . It 's loud , high pitched , and obnoxious . My elderly dad ca n't hear it , but everybody else I know can . It does startle my dog , but only for a moment and frankly it 's not worth the annoyance to me or the neighbors .
 My one year old medium sized dog destuffed this toy in under three minutes . The seams are the weak point . When I wrote to customer service about this -LRB- and directed them to posted pics of the process on my web site -RRB- , I got a nasty response with a hint of threat about the posted pics that said that the toy is `` not a chew toy . '' -LRB- The advertising said , `` for dogs who chew their toys . '' -RRB-
 I have an 8mos old border collie mix that is the strongest chewer I 've ever owned . Thankfully he only chews on his toys ! Unfortunately it makes if very hard for us to find things that can withstand his jaws . I was so hopeful with this one . He had the sides chewed off in 15 minutes . I 'm not lying . The stuffing was ripped out before I knew it , and within this mass of white cloud was one of the squeakers - which they market as being triple wrapped in `` tuff '' material to keep it in the toy . He really did LOVE this toy though , I 'll give them that - but it definitely did NOT hold up at all.If your dog is a big time chewer , do n't get this toy - it just wo n't last . I 've had the best luck with a sherpa dragon - that at least lasted about 5 days before I had to throw it out .
 This toy only lasted 2 weeks before my dog tore it up . Also , seller says product is guaranteed , I contacted the seller via email thru Amazon asking about the warrany/guarantee and never got a response back . I would not recommend buying this product as seller provided false information by stating the toy was indestructable and if it were to be torn up it was warrantied .
 Very strong-looking toy . Appears well made . Nice plush outer shell and rugged-feeling build.Gave this to a 9-month old St. Bernard mix . She mono-focuses on one part of a toy and works on it as long as it takes -LRB- usually a few minutes -RRB- to get to stuffing . This Tuffy toy -LRB- rated 8 on the 10 tuffy scale -RRB- was opened-up to reveal stuffing in about 10 minutes.This toy may be for rough play time , but not for chewing . Get a hard rubber toy and leave this one for fetch.P.S . Dog LOVES IT !
 Fenway , our 5 month yellow lab chewed this to pieces in under 5 minutes . She did love the toy but it is kind of expensive for only 5 minutes . She loves the Cuz toys , they squeak and made of rubber . Hope this helps .
 Our 6 month old pitt mix tore the black seams out in about 10 mins . So , probably will only last us a week . Good toy for a chaser , but not for a dog who likes to sit and pull apart .
 I was really hoping this toy would last , because my dog loves soft toys , but my 1 year old Golden Retriever tore a hole in this within the first 24 hours . It does not withstand voracious chewing as the packaging would lead you to believe and was a waste of money .
 Maybe it would thwart a chihuahua or a `` teacup '' dog , but nothing bigger or even remotely stronger . It 's a waste . I have a 75 lb . easy-chewing dog and a 40 lb . more agressive chewer , and we gave the Stone Bone to them as a `` gift '' on Xmas . We continued opening presents as they busied themselves with their toy , and when we glanced over about 5 minutes later , stuffing and shreds of fabric where everywhere . It was a total loss , and a total waste . I know they 're decent chewers , but I 've had cheap stuffed-animal toys that lasted longer . We were very disappointed .
 I original got my dog the Loin toy which he loved but it lasted maybe 20 minutes . Then I realized that the toy was a 7 out of 10 . So , I did more research on the toys and saw videos of tigers and bears playing with this toy which was a ten . They did not rip up the toy so I was thinking if tigers and bear can not rip it out , then my dog would have a blast and have it for a while . NOT TRUE , with in the first 5 hours of giving the toy to my dog he had it in pieces . If your dog can destroy toys , THIS IS NOT THE TOY for you . I have already wasted $ 30 on these toys .
 We have an American Staffordshire Terrier . She had tons of fun tearing this bone apart . I knew she would destroy anything we bought , but I thought it would last longer than it did . All the stuffing and squeakers were gone in 3 hours .
 I spent a lot of money on this ; it was some garbage . I wish I had just bought a $ 2 bone ; it would have lasted longer . Within 30 minutes my dog , a 15 month old bull terrier , ripped the squeaker out and ate it . I tried to induce vomiting with hydrogen peroxide , but it did n't come out . Now we are crossing our fingers she wo n't need surgery .
 These toys are terrible . Unsafe , overpriced product falls apart in minutes . Do n't waste your money or put your dog at risk with these toys .
 Might be suitable for a throw toy to play fetch , but does n't live up to the hype on the labeling . Which happens to show a Rottweiler . My 56lb 13 month old AmStaff started destroying this in about 10 mins , if that . Not just pulling the steams apart but actually pulling the weave apart.Would have rated higher if it did n't claim so much .
 My dog destroyed this toy within minutes . she isnt gentle with toys , but it lasted just as long as a stuffed animal would . i wouldnt waste the money because this toy isnt going to last ...
 I have a 13 month old Airedale Terrier . She ripped holes in this product and pulled out the stuffing in about thirty minutes .
 I have a 18 month old Husky , and he typically destroys all his stuffed toys within hours . I thought that this would outlast the others by months , based on other reader reviews . Unfortunately , he found the ring toy 's weakness ... the stitching ! He managed to pull apart the stitching on one side and ripped out all the cotton within 2 hour of playing with it . I still have yet to find a toy that he can not break through . He does still like to play with it even though it is no longer stuffed .
 We purchased this item at Best Buy for our 9 month old 50 lb mutt . She is great but a heck of a chewer . From the reviews , we thought this might be the one . Not so ! Within in 30 minutes she chewed off most of the black trim tape on the outside edge and had the stuffing out.As an aside , we were at Kohl 's and they had some large soft stuffed green birds on sale for $ 2.50 . We bought one and that was several weeks ago . It is still going strong . I figured it does n't have a squeaker she is trying to get too . The wife sent me back to get four more - best deal yet . Grace -LRB- dog -RRB- throws it up and chases it but has n't chewed the first thing off the toy .
 It took my 20 pound , 7 month old beagle puppy under 10 minutes to destroy this toy . He instantly went right for the seam and was able to lift and tear it off . He did seem to love this tough but after he ripped off the seam and began to eat it , I had to take it away .
 Thick , squeeky , fun toy for indside play - I guess.Look elsewhere if you want one to throw and catch outside ...
 I purchased one of these a while ago - had it for at least a year before my 80 lb Akita mix was able to open it up and start pulling out the stuffing . I disposed of the first one and purchased a replacement , but the new one only lasted about a week before he was able to disembowel it . Do n't know if it was just a fluke or if something changed in the manufacturing process .
 So my dog is a medium size breed , only about 50 lbs . and he loves to destroy his toys . So far he has demolished triple braided ropes , tennis balls , plastic toys and even one of his harnesses . The only toy that he has n't destroyed is his KONG ball . Well we got this toy for Christmas , thinking maybe he would n't be so quick to tear it up . He loved it , but the 9 tough rating was not enough , he destroyed the toy in 3 days ! He chewed the black siding off , and ripped out the stuffing and squeakers . Not that he did n't love the toy and enjoyed tearing it up , I just wish it would have lasted a little longer ! -LRB- That 's the only reason I rated it so low -RRB- It 's a great toy and he loved it , but if your dog is a toy destroyer I would n't recommend this one .
 Horrid product , unsafe for pets , falls apart in minutes . Do n't waste your money or put your dog at risk .
 My 1 year old mini dachshund has tore through two of these types of toys -LRB- one boomerang and one round -RRB- . The end seams are very well constructed ; however , he tares through the middle part that is not reinforced . He loves the challenge this toy offers , but for the money , it 's not worth the few hours it takes him to chew a hole through .
 this toy lasted longer than most plush toys , so i 'll give it that . however was n't as tough as i hoped . see pic above . would be good as a monitored toy like someone else mentioned , but left to the chewers devices , it will be destroyed !
 Our 11 month old schnoodle tore through this in about an hour . It was more of a challenge for him than many toys , but but he was up to the job . Does anyone make a Kevlar dog toy ?
 My Golden Retriever destroyed this toy on Christmas . Tore up one quarter of it , pulled out the stuffing and a squeaker in 5 minutes . Went back and got the other side the next day . Hate paying good money for &#34; tuff &#34; toys I know he will destroy , but how much rubberized/kong extreme toys can a dog chew on ? So I keep trying these canvas &#34; Ultimate &#34; tough toys hoping one will finally be a challenge that lasts longer than minutes . Not this one !
 I specifically chose this item for its high-quality , but I was very disappointed . My 10 month-old Wirehaired Pointing Griffon 10-month-old puppy tore it apart in less than 10 minutes . I am so displeased with it , I thought of just returning it especially for the price I paid for it . I do not mind paying for an item if the quality is there . Not the case here .
 I was -LRB- and still am -RRB- in search of toys that my dog ca n't destroy in one sitting . He is pretty determined to de-squeak and unstuff anything he 's given and he was able to do it with this toy in less than an hour . The standard fleece stuffed toys last 20 minutes , tops , so this did last longer but costs too much for the small amount of time he had it for . He 's still playing with the &#34; carcus &#34; but it wo n't last long . This toy might be fine for some dogs but was not strong enough for my American Bulldog/Hound mix . So far all we 've found that works is the Nylabone line of chew toys , but I was hoping to give him something else to play with that was n't as hard .
 My puppy tore a hole into this toy in under five minutes , probably under three . It 's advertised as a tough toy that will hold up to chewing and playing , but it 's not .
 Food Sinks and collects at bottom and partially disintegrates ... Makes a mess . turtles did n't like it much either . Filter ca n't process the big chunks until it really breaks apart . I was disappointed and cancelled my regular subscription
 i got this for my two baby yellow bellied sliders . i thought the tetra reptomin sticks were too expensive but boy was i wrong . when the turtles see the sticks they charge at them but then they turn away after they smellthem . the sticks sink to the bottom and dirty up the tank . do not buy !
 I bought this toy for my older , over weight , food motivated cat . I thought that this toy would be prefect for him -LRB- food was involved -RRB- . He played with it for about 15 mins the first day , and has n't played with it since -LRB- it has been about a month -RRB- . For the time that he did play with it , it was n't holding up very well . He ripped up some of the mesh keeping the treats in the toy , and the dangled end pieces . I thought for sure that my other cat would play with this toy , since she plays with any other toy I bring her , but it was no such luck.I should have listened to the other reviews , this toy was not worth the money , especially since neither of my cats will play with it.The `` Premier Twist and Treat , Small '' was a hit with the cat I bought this product for .
 I have three cats and since they wo n't leave treat bags alone if they find them or they 'll make every effort to get into cat food/treat cabinets , this had the potential to be a GREAT toy . It did n't end up being so , though . My youngest -LRB- just over a year -RRB- wanted the treats , but after pawing at it for a minute , gave up . My middle cat -LRB- age 7 or so -RRB- pawed at it and licked the netting for awhile , but gave up . My third cat had no interest in it at all . I had put Greenies in it , which they LOVE , but they still did n't care for it . My sister has a young cat and I sent her the same thing for her cat . Apparently he was n't impressed either .
 The concept is great but this is not a toy for my cats . The treat pocket is very small , too small for all but the smallest cat treats and then you can only fit two or three . My cats chewed it but did not understand the concept and got bored very quickly .
 ... I do not know what can fit in this lil thing . Cat nip would fall through the holes . Lil ' treats would get smashed ... just too small .
 I have a sand substrate and I 'm not sure if its letting the nutrients get to the roots . Dont get me wrong the plants are growing but it seems like the Excel has more to do with that than the Leaf Zone . Plants dont look very strong , I wouldnt recomend for use with sand beds .
 Tried this product for one month . It add no growth other than black alge and some other form of alge that i have never seen . Not happy w it . You get what you pay for , so im going back to my former plant food-Yamotogreen . BEST PRODUCT EVER . This product , though it may cost $ 14 dollars , will do what it is intended and more .
 Maybe the quality control inspector was having a bad day . All I did was cut through the plastic package and attempt to pull out the clippers -LRB- gently -RRB- . Out popped a spring and a couple of metal pieces that my normal-sized fingers were not able to re-insert and secure . On top of that , there was a loose screw in the container that is supposed to collect the nail trimmings . While I was trying to re-insert the metal pieces and the spring , the red cap on the on/off flexible light switch popped off . This product is like something Mr. Haney would sell to Mr. Douglas on Greenacres.The idea is good , though . We have a `` vein finder '' flashlight at work for putting in IV 's in people with veins that are hard to find -LRB- because of skin pigment or vein depth -RRB- . I am going to try to find a high intensity light as a separate product and trans-illuminate my pets ' dark nails before clipping them with my old clippers until a better integrated product comes along .
 Like the experience of the first reviewer of this product , the clippers that I purchased had several problems that made them unusable , right out of the bubble pack . It 's a great product idea , so hopefully the manufacturer will either get their act together , or someone else will pick up on the design .
 Opened the package , inserted batteries , and had problems getting it to light . Finally got it to light . Tried to trim my Standard Poodle 's nails , and BINGO ... the blade popped out . Reinserted the blade and screw and tried again ... BINGO ... the blade would not come up , tried again ... it cut ... and now my Standard Poodle has a splinted frail nail up both sides of the quick and nail . The light is great , when it works , however , the splinted uneven nail is worse than a cut quick . I have not cut a quick or had this uneven splinted nail before . I am returning the product ... and use the old faithfuls without the light . Maybe someone will perfect this idea ... however ... these people have fooled alot of people that care for their pets , making money doing it , and my dog 's nail is a mess . Repackaged and shipping back .
 The red ferret T is not the item pictured . It is a white ringer T with BORN TO `` DOOK '' printed on it .
 I bought this to use with a pet fountain where I bought a reusable filter . I found that the charcoal is VERY dusty and clogs up the filter . Every 3 or so days I find myself having to either replace the charcoal or clean out the filter .
 Bought this product when I bought our Drinkwell 360 fountain for our cats . Had intended to use it in the reusable filter we also bought , to save money on the filter replacements . It came in a HUGE container , like a life-time supply ! LOL ! That would have been fine , except that it does n't work at all well for our application . It is so full of fine dust , even after repeated rinsings , that it clogs the screen at both ends of the filter almost immediately . It almost burned out our fountain motor . Back to the refills for us . I 'm sure this is adequate charcoal for other applications , just do n't use it in anything with fine screening .
 With all those great reviews , I am sorry to say from my personal experience with this `` high grade '' carbon.When compared with other carbons by just looking at them -LRB- with a very popular carbon that starts with F -RRB- , this product is pitch black as compared to light grey . Well it is carbon you say , well the other carbon is not as black and does n't need as much as a gallon of water to get clear . There 's so much ash its not even funny.Customer service from the manufacturer is none existent . I wrote an email and no one replied yet.For all the fish owners out there , high quality carbon is with less than 2 % ash count . When these real high quality carbons can lower your PH to 6.2 -LRB- since they are rinsed with acid to clear the ashes -RRB- , its something you can fix with a product call PH UP . So high quality carbon and PH UP is a combo you must have when changing carbon .
 Really ? I got this because the good bacteria in my tanks all died off at once due to a friend helping out and over zealously cleaning all my filters at one time . Well , I had to re-cycle the tanks and of course during this time the ammonia sky rocketed . I got this product in an attempt to control the ammonia as the tanks cycled . Sorry , this product did absolutely nothing . It may remove ammonia but certainly not large amounts nor small amounts from what I could see . I can only assume it removes trace amounts . I ended up using a liquid ammonia lock instead . Maybe I 'll sprinkle what I have left in the kitty litter box .
 I bought this for my veggie garden to keep a nearby ground hog out . It is set up properly -LRB- we are horse owners and have electrical fencing -RRB- and it just does n't do the job . The shock is n't strong enough -LRB- brand new batteries -RRB- and he knows to run through it quickly to avoid a shock . It does work for the dog though - but it does n't take much for her .
 As usual , Amazon quickly shipped this product . However , when opening the package it was VERY CLEAR that this was a return from a previous buyer . The covering plastic was stapled together , not form-fitting as when new . Also , the electrical unit has a broken connector . The damage is not fatal and not worth the hassle of returning , but I bought `` new '' , not `` reconditioned '' merchandise.I 'm very disappointed in Amazon .
 I was trying to order activated charcoal to help with a musty smell in my crawl space . I ordered Activated Charcoal but I received Premium Carbon-Ammonia Neutralizing Blend . The container states &#34; Harmful if Inhaled &#34; . I am going to return this product and try once again to order Activated Charcoal for Odors .
 This was an awful product fell apart almost right away would not recommend it to anyone else and would never but another one like it .
 This dog house was a complete waste of money . Usually when you see that in an Amazon review , it 's safe to assume that the owner simply didnt understand the product . Not the case here.The sections of this dog house snap together and the female half of the snap consists of a piece of plastic barely 1/8 '' in diameter . Needless to say , 60 % of them are now snapped off after barely 3 months of use.I 'll repair it no doubt ... but next time I 'll just buy one that is moulded all in one piece .
 Very poorly constructed and absolutely does not accomodate the breeds specified . I have an 80 pound dog and he can not possibly lay down it in . Total waste of money .
 what a piece of junk . I had read the reviews and thought there was no way it could be as bad as some people were describing . I was wrong as it was just as bad as everyone had said . I pull the pieces out of the box and noticed some of the parts were already broken . I continued to put it together to see if it would still work and was left with large gaps of light shining through the structure , more broken connecting pieces and my hand got cut while putting it together . I read the company 's warranty policy - you can return it however you pay for shipping back to them and they will replace it ... so what I can get another piece of junk ... no thanks !
 Completely flawed design . The igloo has three main pieces that are supposed to snap together . If you are able to do this , the top piece comes off easily with any canine activity in or around it . Then the top becomes a chew toy and the base is worthless . If you want to throw away your money , buy this . Otherwise , save yourself the headache and the loss of $ 100 .
 Do not buy this if your dog truly needs shelter from the elements ! The wind can blow through the dome area in several places and wind-driven rain can also come inside because the dome comes in sections . The four sections are
 I bought this for my 15lb puppy under the assumption that it could hold up for simp rain and wind protection , I was wrong . Not only was the assembly rediculously difficult -LRB- none of the pieces lined up correctly , and the screws didnt even hold it together -RRB- , my puppy ended up sleeping under my bed when it rained due to the fact that the house was flooded . To make matters worse , my puppy decided she wanted to get ontop of the crappy house . She ended up breaking it and getting cut ... now I 'm paying for a vet bill to stitch her up , extremely useless and dangerous for anything over 10lbs .
 My red eared sliders do n't seem to enjoy this too much . Could be the size , the hardness , or just the taste . This is what I believe to be the rank of the foods I 've tried based on my turtles reaction :1 . Omega One Turtle Sticks
 This food dirtied my tank 3x as fast as other kinds of food . I have two 5 year old Red Eared Sliders and they are very good size , but I think the food is a little too big . They can eat it but half of it ends up at the bottom of the tank . Not only did it make my tank dirty but it made it smell very very very bad after one feeding . It is cheap but I will never buy it again .
 Water gets gross fast - even with 7 inch aquatic turtles . I am going to switch back to the smaller pellet size .
 This food smells SO badly , it makes my tank and therefore my apartment smell like something rotten within just 2 days of using it . And it fogs up the water very very fast . It sucks
 I 've been feeding my turtles with this for a few months now but I found my turtles still prefer the Fluker 's Turtle Food from Doctors Foster and Smith as I mixed a little of the old ones with this new brand . They always go for the old ones . I also found these are a little too small and hard for the turtles to see them .
 I have a 7 '' turtle and this food is too big for him to eat whole , it is about 3/8 '' in diameter . He bites down on a piece and it breaks apart , with about a third of the food getting into his mouth . The rest breaks up into the water . He does n't eat these pieces , but instead bites another piece and so on , creating a huge mess in the tank . I changed the water & cleaned the tank and using this food in literally 11/2 days I had to change the water again . The filter was clogged and the water was dirty.My turtle seemed frustrated with trying to eat this food & he was always hungry , I can only guess because he could n't get enough food into his mouth . I much prefer the very small kibble put out by Petco that I have n't been able to find on Amazon . It is a small kibble about 1/8 '' in diameter.I 've given this product 1 star because by the description when I bought it , this food is for turtles of the size I own and it clearly is much too large for my turtle . If the description included the size of the kibble or a larger turtle size was recommended for this food I would n't have bought it . Now I 'm stuck with a kibble I ca n't use .
 The product arrived quickly . Unfortunately my turtles did n't like it . It just floats around till the filter eventually sucks them up . Back to the Reptomin Baby brand which I would actually see my turtles munching on . I would n't recomend this product .
 My son got a pet hampster for his birthday and wanted to take to show his grandparents . When I saw this I thought it would be perfect plus he loved the schoolbus design . It was not what I would have expected . I have purchased many critter trail products in the past and have been very satisfied . Not this time . The first one I ordered was broken . THe plastic clips that locked the door in place were broken . Amazon was wonderful about the return and had a new to me the next day with no extra charge . After I got the new one I noticed how bad it was . The water cap keeps coming off the water bottle . The easy open lid intended for easy cleaning wo n't stay shut . The handle pops off and the plastic is paper thin . The only good thing is that it can connect to their other cages so you do n't have to worry about empty water bottles and hatches that pop open . It does make a nice hideaway for the hampster
 Like the design and like keeping the food all in a separate pod like this connected with a tube , but after about a month , the gerbils figured out how to unlatch the door from the inside . The latch is unprotected and easy for them to release .
 this product is hard to find in pet stores for some reason . It seems to get clogged up and need replacing very quickly . It is always a pain to get them in and out of teh filter
 This was a great purchase , easy set-up and great for traveling . Unfortunately this was not a good purchase for the dog who is smart enough to chew his way out . My Golden Retriever chewed along the zipper and broke free .
 These suction cups are terrible ! They do not stay on wet , dry , porcelain , linoleum , cast iron surfaces ... anythinh . . I do n't think I have ever been so disappointed .
 I have two dogs , 40 lbs . and 80 lbs . These tethers will not hold either one . Also , they will only stick to a smooth surface . So if you have a textured tile shower , forget it .
 The top/lid for this tank just sits on top , but the filter that comes with this clips over the back edge of the tank -LRB- hangs inside the tank -RRB- and even at it 's lowest setting still sticks up too high so the lid sits up on it , which is right in the water stream going over the filter and then the back edge of the lid and top of filter get moldy . Not to mention that the lid 's lamp has never worked even though the bulb is good -LRB- we tested it -RRB- and I think it could have something to do with the huge amount of condensation that collects up there all over everything . Also , the tiny flap that you are supposed to use to put food in the tank through is very small so generally catches some of the food . The shape of the tank is pretty , and the colors are nice for kids , but it 's frustrating that the parts do n't fit together .
 I tried to purchase the 143 but as I could n't get it , I purchased the 183 , having misunderstood that it was compatible with my 142 -LRB- or a 141 -RRB- . They are NOT compatible.Since I really wanted my ferrets to have the extra level , I seriously considered getting the 182 to go with the 183 that I had.After having looked at the 183 , I found that while the Midwest 180 series is easier to put together , it is made of cheaper materials and NOT stable and safe . I found reviews of people reporting that their cages were not stable and that the sides came off their 182s making it downright dangerous for their ferrets -LRB- or other pets they had in it -RRB- . I feel badly to negatively affect a seller/vendor for midwest 's poor design -LRB- and they are not making the 140s available anymore so you do n't have a choice nor do vendors -RRB- , but I got here searching for a 143 and the reviews posted here are for the 143 and that is not what it being sold!Midwest has made a cheaper more problematic product with it 's 180 series . And now people in the know about this problem are clamoring for anyone with old or used 141 , 142 , or 143 . Used ones are going for more then what new ones were going for a year ago , at the moment.What I ended up doing was getting a 142 from a reseller and using a single level and I 'll be posting the new 141 I have left for sale locally . In the meantime I just wanted to give a heads up -LRB- for those that do n't know -RRB- that the new series has some problems that you 'll need to address -LRB- and should look into yourself -RRB- to have a safe cage and that this product is meant as an add on to the 182 . Google reviews of the 181 , 182 , or 183 series in order to find out what people are saying about this product and form your own thoughts based on problems mentioned.I 'm surely hoping that Midwest will address this asap as they used to make a cage that was the gold standard and with the early reviews I 'm reading -LRB- not to mention that they wont support people who purchased a new cage only a year ago from them by continuing to make add ons for the old cages -RRB- it sounds as if the cheaper cages and the lack of support to loyal customers may compromise their reputation for making great cages .
 My main issue is this that is comes with a filter that is too big for the tank and the hood will not go on properly . Any sort of of fish that jumps could be in danger in this tank due to a small opening in the back . I 've only had this tank for a few weeks but I definately will buy a new , smaller filter soon , other wise the fish I keep in there are fine and the tank is adequate for a few small fish .
 I purchased this product in December as a gift for my 3 year old . Last week the pump sucked up our Betta , Henry . I immediatley turned it off thinking it would release him , it did n't . My husband had to physically pull Henry out of the pump . He is still alive for now , however , he is missing alot of parts . This was barbaric . The product recommends Betta 's , so why did this happen ????
 I bought this tank a little less than 2 years ago . Up until last night , it was a good tank . For those of you new to aquariums , it is always better to have a filter that can handle more than your tank size . Even though the filter did take up more space than I would have like , my betta seemed fine with it . It used the filter gaps as a hiding place . For those who use the divider , that is not a good idea . Betta 's need more space and seeing its mate on the other side causes stress for the fish.The tank was a decent tank . The light is n't very strong . It overall looks very nice . The tank was perfect for my one betta until it cracked last night . When I first got the tank , I was already nervous when I felt the tank material since it was just plastic . I am not sure how this plastic is stronger than glass as this tank advertises . I have had glass fish bowls for years and none has ever cracked . This was my first acrylic tank and it cracked in a little less than 2 years . I did n't abuse the tank in any way . It just sat on the table in the same spot day after day.This tank may not be a good fit if you need to add a heater to warm the water . There is little space in the tank for a heater and the small amount of water makes it prone to over heating .
 Purchased one of these for my wife so she could enjoy having two betas -LRB- divider is included in this package -RRB- . At less than one year we started noticing some leakage from this aquarium . It first started at the base , then there were small cracks appearing on the side and front . The aquarium was never hit or knocked around . I can only say `` stay away from this aquarium . '' I 've got an Eclipse System 3 on order which should be a much better replacement as I have one of the 12 gallon versions which are outstanding in regards to filtration .
 Recieved the puppy playpen today . After opening the box and having to bend one of the sides back into shape in order for the sides to fit into place this was nothing close to our expectations especially for the price . One is better off purchasing the cheapy puppyplaypen on ebay for half the price.This pen came bent on one side . Without enforcing it somehow or using tie straps for the top it is very dangerous for your puppies as the top does not fit very snug and will easily collapse and fall inside the crate and hurt your puppies . This playpen is poorly designed , dangerous and will hurt your pups . The bottom pan is very flimsy . Overall cheaper material and workmanship than the cheap 69 dollar no name puppyplaypen you can buy on ebay.Do not buy . We do not recomend it one bit .
 My order arrived exchanged , I asked with a picture of Sharpei and what arrived was with the photo of a Pit Bull , who arrived this is not indicated for skin irritation .
 This cage was good at the start , but after only a few months , the clamps holding the top of the cage to the sides kept falling off , so do n't let the picture fool you .
 This whistle is not a `` silent '' whistle . You can hear the whistle , I have tried to adjust it but it still makes noise . There are few directions on how to adjust or use the whistle . I would not buy one again . I have had it for about a month and it has been laying in a drawer most of that time . The shipping was fast .
 The directions on the package say to turn the adjustment screw until an audible pitch is heard and then to continue to twist until the tone disappears . From the initial setting , I twisted the adjustment screw until it came out of the unit , and I could still not get the adudible tone to disappear , nor did the animal respond at any pitch . I found the unit not to work as decribed and threw it away .
 No matter where you put the adjuster it does n't even come close to a frequency that is inaudible to humans.I threw it in the trash .
 If you think you are getting a silent dog whistle , think again . Do not be taken in by the claims made here . You can hear this thing a mile away even if you are hard of hearing .
 This item doesnt work , foloowed the instructions to the letter and still nothing im throwing it away or use it a a wierd keychain besides that it has no use at all . All aside the shipping was pretty fast and the packeging was good .
 Whistle is not silent . However , they sent me 2 for the price of one without me knowing .
 The silent dog whistle is shown with a dust cover that you remove to adjust the pitch of the whistle . The whistle I received is without the dust cover . As far as the whistle it works fine BUT the adjustable nut can unscrew very easy and I have lost many whistles in the field . The dust cover usually has a tight fight keeping the nut in place.I give this ONE STAR because the seller should not show a picture w/dust cover if they are selling or sending a different whistle .
 Threw it away ... tried to adjust it numerous times ... never worked . I can use use my fingers and whistle louder . It was very silent ... nothing .
 I found this whistle difficult to adjust and the dogs do n't respond to it at all .
 My dog is a 55 lb lab mix.I brought this product because it is cheaper than Frontline , and if they sell it at PetsMart , it must be reasonably safe -LRB- or so I thought -RRB- . As soon as I applied this product , the dog became hyper active
 I am not 100 % certain , but I believe this product caused some health problems with my 6 year-old Australian shepherd-border collie mix . My dog was perfectly healthy before I applied this product to his back , in accordance with the instructions on the box . Within 24 hours , he began acting very lethargic , which is highly unusual for him . Within three days , he began to limp noticeably . I could find nothing physically wrong with his foot or leg - it seems to be a joint problem , similar to arthritis . Most concerning was the raised red nodule that suddenly appeared on his belly -LRB- within one week of applying this product -RRB- . I took him to the vet , who ran some tests but could not tell me for sure what it is . He suggesting having it surgically removed in case it 's cancerous . So , my dog will have to undergo some painful surgery in a few days -LRB- and I will have to part with several hundred dollars to pay for it -RRB- . Did Sergeant 's Sentry Pro cause these problems ? It would seem so . Needless to say , I will not use this product again .
 This Trainer collar works , but not well on our dog . Maybe its because we have a Mastiff . She barks right through it . I have turned it all the way up and it doesnt really bother her . If you have a big dog I would try something diffrent
 My 12-year-old golden is a picky eater , granted , but she hated every variety we tried from Blue Buffalo . Plus , she had chronic diarrhea until we took her off of it . I know people swear by this but it simply did n't work for our old girl .
 Neither of my 2 cats will use this . It 's supposedly scented with catnip , but neither will go near it . I placed it against the side of an armchair that one of the cats shredded , but when he reached up to it , the scratching post fell over and scared him . Now he shreds the other side of the armchair . This thing is worthless .
 We bought this to stop our cat from scratching up the corner of the sofa , but it tipped over on her repeatedly and scared her away from using it . We slipped the base under the corner of the sofa to stabilize it and the post would bend toward the cat when used , then soon came off the base altogether . The catnip did nothing to increase her interest . A total waste of money .
 The very flimsy plastic base on this scratcher makes this product a total failure . I have had to turn the scratchers around and place the base underneath the couch posts in order to get the things to remain upright . The first time my cat tried to scratch it , the thing dropped to the floor right on top of her . There was running and flying of fur , funny , but not terribly useful . I would not recommend this product to anyone . For the same money you could do better . Keep looking .
 This cat scratch post was flimsy . It did not stand up by itself ; I had to pick up the chair it was supposed to protect and put a leg down on the base of the scratch post . When my cats stood up to scratch on it , the thing still bent over . My chair has become the preferred object to scratch . I got rid of this scratch post .
 The cat scratch post shown in the illustration is a tasteful beige . Although the listing in Amazon said the item came in various colors , we were surprised when ours turned out to be a sort of brown flophouse tweed . It was also not round , as it appeared , but flat . It is nicely tall , as shown , which is the good news . We ca n't return it because we are picking up our new cat tomorrow and need something . But Amazon ought to leave some room for the customer to state a preference or request .
 My cat has zero interest in this scratching post . We have placed it on the edges of our couches and he avoids it and tries to scratch behind it . Its design makes little sense as it falls over when it is pulled on .
 This is an OK product . It is very lightweight , and does n't have any weight in the base to hold it in place . This is ment to go under your couch corner , but will tip or fall if you have a high sofa/couch with large legs , or legs that are set close to the corners . We could not get it to stay in place , and had to move it to the middle of a lower piece of furniture ... which kinda defeats the purpose , and the cats rarely use it .
 The 1st time on of my cats went to scratch it it fell over.and no one has gone near it since . If the legs on your furniture are over 2 '' high this probably wont work . I almost bought 2 of them I am glad I didnot
 Buying this thing was the equivalent of throwing $ 60 to the birds . It is a pathetic excuse for anything that could remotely be called a bird feeder . In the two weeks we had it hanging , only one yellow finch figured out how to eat from it . I saw others trying , but they all gave up . That finch ate from it once , and then apparently decided it was either too scary or too much work , because he never came back.There is NO place for the birds to perch as they eat . The finch sort of hung from the bottom , was nearly on his back and it looked rather uncomfortable . It was very hard for him to land in the right position and get a good grip.Once the squirrels hit it , even though it 's `` squirrel proof , '' the thing never hung straight again . We could n't figure out why this was so , as it seemed that a simple adjustment would fix the problem , but it did n't . It 's too bad the squirrels could n't reach the seed , because at least someone would have gotten to eat since the birds could n't . The only thing that works is the rain guard , which seemed to keep the seed dry after a light rain . Dry for what , though ? For the moths that eventually would inhabit it because the birds could n't get to it?We finally took it down and threw it away , which is a crime , because we got ZERO use out of it . This makes me not trust the Droll Yankees brand as a whole . We put up a reasonable feeder made by another company and had plenty of birds within two days . If I figure out which brand it was I 'll post it here .
 I love the Droll Yankees company because of the superior construction of their products and their no questions asked guarantees . Unfortunately this feeder has lots of problems . I sold it at my store in the hopes that only small birds could fly under the baffle and larger birds would n't be able to use it . -LRB- We have an extraordinary number of white-winged doves in our area who turn into real feeder hogs . -RRB- It did work for that reason . The small birds could fly in under the baffle and feed and the doves never figured it out . They just hung on top and pooped all over the baffle and so it needed to be cleaned constantly . That aside , the really big problems with this feeder were that the small birds , although they could fly under the baffle and eat , would sit in the seed area and also poop while they ate . NOT GOOD for birds ' health so it required lots of going through the seed to get poop out . On top of that , the seed shifts around as the birds eat , so the thing was always lopsided and lots of seed spilled out the bottom as well . Finally , it was a disaster in the wind . The bottom seed holder swings around wildly in the wind . I finally quit selling it in my store .
 I have five types of feeders in my yard . This is the least popular , both for the birds and for me . Designed to accommodate both perching and clinging birds , it 's uncomfortable for both . Perching birds -- those that figure out how to do it -- get into the bowl , `` bathe '' in the seeds , and leave behind unwelcome calling cards . Clinging birds have trouble gaining purchase on the holes provided . They 'll grab a seed or two and head off for a `` restaurant '' with better service . I like many Droll Yankee products , but how this one made it to market baffles me .
 This product seems to just tease birds . They come to the feeder but can not figure out how to get to the seed . There in no perch for the perching birds and the other birds can not figure out how to get into the feeder under the canopy to eat .
 I bought 6 of these coop cups , from Martha 's Pet Place . One of the cups was broken when it arrived , I emailed the company , received and immediate response and replacement no charge . Unfortunately , with in a few days of use , a second cup cracked around the edge , making it sharp and dangerous . So , great company , but he product was thin , and cheap . Wo n't buy this brand again , BUT will absolutely buy from MARTHA 'S PET PLACE again !!!
 Really slow shipping , arrived past ship date , only three out of the eight bowls had bowl holders that could be used . There was a sharp ridge that was n't removed during production which was on the inside of the square plate-dangerous for bird toes . Metal on bowls is thin .
 These pen cups are priced nicely but are VERY cheaply made . You get what you pay for and I will not purchase these again !
 We ordered 20 of these for our kennel - five of them -LRB- 25 % -RRB- were defective to the degree that they were not usable . We wo n't consider these again
 Poor constuction broke with in a week . Bowl holder single wing nut all ways comes loose . . would never order again , , , , , ,
 I thought it was going to be more durable but its not . It would not stay level on the hinge . I bought it for my cousin who has a husky , and she was not happy with the product so she just uses the bowl and puts it on the ground . I would not recommend .
 I purchased 2 of the 30 oz cups for my dog 's crate . Each holder only has 1 bolt and wing nut , which I should have realized in advance would not support the larger sized cups . Between the weight of the food/water and the pressure my dog would put on the cups while eating/drinking , they did n't last 2 hours in the crate with my dog . One of the wing nuts was stripped when it arrived , so did not hold up at all . The other one I put in my bird 's cage as a bird bath . I gave this product 2 stars because the description is not misleading , but one of the two I purchased was pretty much worthless . Instead , I purchased 2 of theMidwest Stainless Steel Snap ' y Fit Water and Feed Bowl , 2 Quartand they work great . I guess you get what you pay for .
 Been feeding my dog this for 2 months ; it caused drooling and vomiting . Had blood analysis and xrays done , it was this food . I never thought this `` high quality '' dog food would have been responsible , it was . There have been multiple recalls , yet it still remains on the shelves .
 Long story short , this food made my dog very sick . His stomach became very upset and bloody . Our vet said he has seen it happen many times and it is terrible food . My dog had to get fluids and be on antibiotics . Not fun at all !!!
 I am not one to usually write reviews , and I usually never have a bad experiance on what I purchse.I 'm not writing this to `` slam '' the Blue Buffalo company , and ca n't prove that the food I purchased was 100 % responsible for my experiance , but here is what happened . I have fed my dog the same food for years . Dog is healthy with no issues . She is getting older and I did some research and decided to get her on a better brand AND figured it was time to switch to `` senior '' food . I followed the directions and slowly started to mix `` Buffalo '' with her old food to get her adjusted . Within a few days she started acting odd and had blood in her urine . Took her to the vet , and he said that he has seen this type of food cause the urine to be too acidic and cause an infection . He told me to STOP feeding her `` Buffalo '' and to go back to old brand . After 1 day of not feeding it to her , and the first day on her round of pills , she is much butter and no more blood in her urine.Like I said ... could be totally unrelated , but seems obvious that the problem started within 3 days of feeding this to her , and the problem stopped -LRB- per advice of vet -RRB- when I stopped feeding it to her.I am writing this to inform you , in case you have the same issue and to hopefully save someone the expense of a vet bill and all the hassle my purchase caused me .
 Bought a bag , but after 5 days my older dog -LRB- 13 -RRB- was sicker than a dog.Gave the rest away to the SPCA and bought Newman 's Own dog food.Now I have one happy , waggy dog again .
 dog had diarrea constantly for more than 4 weeks , switched to candidae and 1st day he was back to normal . gon na stay on candidae
 My dog liked the taste of this food just fine . However , shortly after I transitioned him to this food he developed pretty severe stomach problems . He had terrible diarrhea and would lie around crying . When we stopped feeding him this , his tummy problems disappeared like magic . I thought maybe it was a coincidence so we tried again a few months later and exactly the same thing again . Therefore I ca n't recommend this dog food .
 Ive used blue buffalo for last 3 years ! . Amazon has change and prices and availability ... I.e. they no longer sell 30lb . End tge price no is high !! I just bought same product -LRB- 15lb -RRB- at petsupplies.com for a total price of $ 31.79 Thats more than $ 11 difference and it got here very fast ! ... Your Welcone ! ; -RRB-
 I am writing this review to warn other dog owners of Blue Buffalo for dogs and what it has done to my 5 yr . old Miniature Dachshund named `` Calla '' . Back in late October 2011 I switched to Blue Buffalo after it was recommended by a family member . By mid-November Calla started to cry out at night . We thought it might be a back issue and our `` Three '' yes three Vets agreed that it could be Intervertebral Disc Disease . We had blood work done in November and everything looked fine with the exceptions that she was a `` little '' dehydrated . After months of treatments , with little to no improvement we thought it might be a stomach issue and I started to think about the timing of the change to Blue Buffalo , then I went and goggled `` Consumer complaints about Blue Buffalo Pet Foods '' and started to really connect the dots . Yesterday she was diagnosed with `` Pancreatitis '' and needs to be in the hospital for days for treatment . I have spent over 3K to this point and do not know if Calla will ever recover fully from this . She was a completely healthy dog before we changed to Blue Buffalo and since have been living in Hell with nighty episodes . Please read up on this issues people are having with this product before you buy . I wish I could give a product - minus 5 stars !!!!
 I would give this food -100 stars if possible . Bought this about a month back . Slowly transitioned my 7 yr old lab to the food . First time I gave her more than 1/2 cup she had horrendous diarhhea . Not just once , were talking many times throughout the night . Stopped the food . Got her back on her last food -LRB- Iams ... allegedly inferior yet never gave her 12 hour diarhhea -RRB- . Tried the Blue one more time with the same result . Google `` blue dog food diarhhea '' and you 'll see that this is not an isolated incident . I do n't know what the story is , but I have never seen my dog so sick from a dog food . Not worth it . No thanks . Proceed with extreme caution . Do n't say you were n't warned.Oh and I live in an apartment . An apartment I just moved into a month ago . An apartment that is very nice and had brand new carpeting that Ill need to steam clean to get spots out ? Yeah , not too thrilled with Blue . I 'm blue allright . Blue in the face from the mess I cleaned up tonight .
 My German Shepherd was served Blue as a puppy so I tried it for a while . Changed to another brand , and due to the unavailability of it I used Blue again . Even when I stopped feeding it to him a nightmare of a couple of weeks followed . I will not take the chance of using it again .
 One of my three dogs wo n't eat the `` life source bits '' so she 's constantly spitting them out hence we have life source bits all over the flippin ' house . Wo n't be buying it again .
 I received this bird feeder today and it arrived with wood that had cracked . I agree with others that the way this was packed was very poor and surprised that it was n't in many more pieces . The cedar is quite poor quality and I do n't think it will last all that long . But because the price of shipping is so expensive I will keep it and use it as much as possible .
 The neighborhood birds and I really looked forward to the arrival of the Perky bird feeder and what a big disappointment when I opened the box . The feeder would have been very attractive had it not arrived in pieces . The damage may have happened before it was shipped since the box was in good shape . The cedar was splintered in a couple of areas . In other areas it was cracked where nails had been inserted . It is very flimsy cedar . One area that splintered off was a portion that held one of the plastic sides . The plastic was broken into 3 pieces . Faced with shipping costs that would exceed amount allowed , I decided to keep it and make repairs . I will also get it mounted on a some plywood with a rim to keep the seed from falling off the ends that are not raised -LRB- another flaw , but one that was mentioned in previous reviews . -RRB- I went to Big Lots and bought a plastic feeder of approximately the same dimensions for $ 10 . Birds give it a 10 . P.S. . This is the first item from Amazon that has not given satisfaction .
 Where do I begin ? The concept is nice , the picture is cute , but anything positive to say about this product ends there . The bottom of the feeder arrived cracked , as did the peak of the roof on one side , and the perch rail along the other end . The wood is so thin that good paper would be stronger , and I am not exaggerating . There is a huge knot hole in the bottom - add the seed , and it falls right through ! The bottom is held on by two -LRB- yes , 2 -RRB- staples , and one of them is half in and half out . There is virtually no attempt to produce a usable product here , let alone a quality product . I can not fathom someone actually taking the time to pack this piece for junk up and send it off to a consumer . What , precisely , am I supposed to do with it ? I did not even bother to contact the vendor - I would have to expect some good faith to put any expectation of a positive outcome in that feedback process , and anyone who would collect good money for such a shoddy product is lacking in the good faith department . I just hope that other customers have had a better experience than I did . I am so disappointed and would give this product a minus rating if possible .
 I have purchased this feeder elsewhere on previous occasions and love the product . When I saw that I could purchase it on Amazon for a much better price in addition to getting it shipped for free , I was elated . That elation ended when the product arrived . It looked like a second and was damaged in transit and never should have been shipped in the first place . Several parts of the feeder were broken and/or damaged and I extremely disappointed . I exchanged it for another and was equally disgusted when the replacement arrived . It was packaged better , but it too was damaged and appeared to have been made with substandard materials . I sent it back for a refund and had to call to get my full cost of shipping refunded to me . My first experience with Amazon will be my last!I finally found the feeder at a retail store and have been very happy.So have the birds !
 I was extremely disappointed with this feeder . When I took the feeder out of the box , one end of the feeder was completely detached from the base . The person who assembled the feeder apparently did not notice that the staples were not placed in the proper position to line up with the end pieces and consequently did not attach the end piece to the base . One of the suet holders had only one nail and probably should have had four nails , consequently , it fell off immediately . It 's apparent the the company producing the feeders does not have a final inspection of the assembly operation . It will take about 45 minutes using clamps and elephant glue to make the feeder usable . Not a good buy !
 Overall the main part of the feeder is holding up well . However , the wood brackets that holds the suet packetwere so thin the squirrels chewed through them in 3 days making that feature useless . A wire mesh would havebeen a much better idea . I would definately NOT buy this product again or recommend it to a friend .
 The top does not sit well on the feeder when trying to hang it at a higher level . It sits crooked . It should be affixed to the bottom with a swing door on top .
 This bird feeder is OK , but not very heavy duty.The Cedar smell is nice , but the construction is not up to par .
 the product itself seems ok however with the way amazon packed this product i received it broken in two places / / / first time ever had this problem with amazon.com , very upset !
 The instructions are easy to follow , but it should give you enough warning not to assemble this product when it tells you to stick the first birdhouse floor on a pole and then try to snap all the pieces together while trying to wrestle with a pole.Second , only a few walls really snap together . The rest are tabs that are too short tab wise and do not `` click '' with the second floor because there are no flanges or barbs . The tabs were flush with the floor , and not sticking out above as I should think one would be . The interior walls are too long lengthwise in that when one has to align the left side of the tabs under the second floor 's holes , the tabs on the right side , because of their shortness tab wise , and the longness of the walls , pop out of the holes that one has somehow wedged them into . Same thing happened when I tried aligning the right side . Even the attempts of bending the tabs inward to meet the holes to compensate for the long walls ended in failure.I had a frustrating five minutes trying to put all the tabs of the walls in , found it impossible , so I just tried to assemble the roof with the same outcome . Only one tab ever held when I tried taking the roof back off , so in the high winds that we are having today , that roof would have blown completely off in about thirty seconds . I would be surprised if it lasted longer than two minutes . So the end product was full of unstable walls that would not `` snap '' to the floors because of short , flat tabs with no flanges , and a flapping roof.I found to my dismay , and a little to my relief , that there was only three walls that had the three holes in them , and not four . I was dismayed because I was wanting to count how long it would take before the bird house would collapse from the 15 mph wind blowing today , and relieved that I have yet another excuse to take the bird house back to the Tractor Supply Co. -LRB- tm -RRB- where I bought it from . Upon closer inspection of the box , it appears that someone else had tried putting it together , got disgruntled , and returned it to the store like I 'm going to now . Now I know why those guys at TSC did n't have a display of it up .
 My 9 lb maltese / yorkie mix loved these at first and gobbled them up . The next day he got sick and when i took him to the vet he had an elevated white count and lipase . After administering medications he was better but again after he gobbled up the treats he became very sick . . wretching , decreased appetite and i am currently having to syringe feed him . Please be careful with these treats and bring your dog to the vet if he is not acting right.P.S . my dog regularly eats bully sticks without any problems and my maltese had no problems with this treat .
 This product worked well for about one full month before he started to not work anymore and the thing would leak onto the floor . I made sure to clean it very well but still it only worked for one month .
 We have indoor/outdoor dogs so this product is a great idea . However , it is poorly made . The thing sat in one spot and not bee abused yet it developed a leak after only ONE month . I can not find the source of the leak ; there are no cracks or other damage yet still it leaks . I contacted Petmate regarding guarantee but they have not been very accomodating so I will not be buying their products again . Poor product with poor customer service . Not impressive for such a large company .
 I have had this for about 6 months . My cats loved the running water . However , the pump burned out after only 3 months . I went ahead bought another one because my cats liked it so much . I know things happen and sometimes u may get a lemon . Well , i got a new one and the motor burned out in the new one in about 3 weeks . I returned it to the store and they exchanged it for another one . Once again , that pump burned out last week . My two cats are Siamese , and have short hair . I cleaned the pump as directed , even every 2 days , but never had any hair in it . Would be a GREAT product if the pump kept working !
 I 've gone through two of these fountains already , and each time the pump died after only three or four months . While it worked , I had no complaints - it was very easy to disassemble and clean , and the flow of water was acceptable . However , given how quickly the pumps seem to die , I 've since gone to the Drinkwell Fountain with far better results . I highly recommend the Drinkwell over the Petmate .
 I bought this fountain because it is advertised to hold 6L / 216 oz . It does not . This fountain , when filled per the manufacturer 's recommendations to 1/2 inch below the rim , only holds ~ 160 oz . In this state , it is still possible to move it from the sink to the floor with minimal spilling . If you fill it on the floor , and fill it to the very rim -LRB- including the clear reservoir and the top fountain reservoir -RRB- , the fountain maxes out at ~ 190 oz , anymore and it promptly spills over the edge . That 's only ~ 5 L. I called this to Petmate 's attention , who did nothing ... I even offered to send them a video demonstrating this and they ignored it . If you buy this thinking it holds what they say , be forewarned that it does not .
 Bought this lid because it was cheap and its basically what you pay for . The little cover to feed your fish is very tiny you have to remove the whole lid every time you want to change something in the tank . The little plastic piece that covers the light bulbs sucks . The lights died after a month cause of the water splashing up . I tried putting in new bulbs and waiting for it to dry first it still does n't work . The plastic on the back is really hard to remove when you have to put the filer and all your other stuff in . I feel like if i were to get a lid in which the lighting systems sucks why would n't i just pay for the nice glass canopy instead of this cheap plastic one .
 I ordered this hood for my basic 5 gallon tank . Unfortunately , it is too small and falls into the tank . I should have spent the money for the nicer one that I saw online , but thought this one would fit .
 The hole that the food comes out of is huge , so the food just pours out automatically . But it 's way too much food :-LRB- We 've had to fashion a smaller hole with cardboard and are in the process of teaching our cat to dig for the food . The `` head bump '' method that other reviewers mention does not really work/isn ' t needed b/c food just gushes out b/c of gravity . I 'd recommend a different product , especially if you live in a humid environment where the food can not be left out for hours . Also , it 's definitely not cat friendly .
 How disappointing ! Over the course of about a year and a half , I would use this whenever I would go out of town for the weekend , which was probably 6 times . I would wash and dry it after each use , but upon returning from my last trip I discovered the water dispenser was moldy ! Poor kitty ! How gross . I 'm going for a stainless steel container next time .
 Very clever idea , but in reality not worth the price.I do cat rescue and thought this would make life easier ; I was wrong.The cats have knocked the water unit over and it came apart.The dry food unit might be fine with round kibble , but with Iams it gets blocked and the food does n't come down easily . You have to shake the unit.Save your money and buy large bowls instead .
 I owned this litter box for about a year before I finally gave up and threw it away . The rake gets stuck up front if the liner doesnot go all the way in . I would tape the liner down up front and on the side so the rake would not get stuck up front . It still did then of course my cat would use it and when the rake decided to go back it push the clumps back . Then you would hav to take the machine apart clean it out then put it back together again and go through the whole procedure of taping the liner down . Three months of use and the motor stopped working . I called Petmate and they replaced it . Great , I thought , maybe with a new machine this wo n't happen , maybe that one had a malfunction or something . Well the first month everything ran smoothly . Then out of the blue it started doing everything the other one did , except this one did n't even acknowledge that my cat was in there and started to rake the litter while she was in there . It got to the point that my cat just stopped using the litter and started peeing right next to it or on my couch . So I decided to get a sifting litter box . I prefer to clean it that way then to have to deal with a malfunctioning machine . It was the worst $ 180.00 I have ever spent . It was more trouble than its worth .
 We purshased this product from PetCo in lateNovember 2005 . The product lasted a few weeks past thewarranty and died . I called the company and they toldme to cut the roller and send them the store receiptfor a new product replacement . I got a call today thatstated that it was past the warranty date and they can not service it.We paid over $ 200 for a product that lasted just a fewweeks past a year ! If we knew that we would havepassed on making this purshase . This item is a `` dog '' . It never worked correctly and in the end it just died.We did not ask for our money back but we wanted a newone since they asked us to take this one appart . Nowno one can fix it at all . They should have informed usbefore they asked us to cut the rollers . Now it 's justjunk ! I know this product is NEW -LRB- only on the market afew years -RRB- but perhaps it needs to be tested for thelong hall . Not worth it if it dies after a year.We have informed PetCo about this product and now weare reporting them to the BBB in case anyone else hasthe same issues we had with this product . We also planon reporting it to as many Pet blogs as we can findand let people know what a `` dog '' they are getting forthe cost .
 The quality of this product is very good , I must admit . However , they have no customer service to speak of . There is no way to talk to a human being , other than through email , the company does not seem to care if their customers are unhappy , and shipping takes at least a little longer than your led to believe will be the case . If you are okay taking a chance on perhaps not recieving an item and having only an email address with which you are able to contact the company , then I guess you should consider ordering . Although , there are other companies out there with similar products , such as mycatsheaven.com , and they offer a phone number to call for customer service . Next time , I will be sure to go elsewhere myself . Frankly , with the kind of money they charge for their products , you would think they would offer much better customer service . I will certainly not order from them again , as my `` bunkbed '' was a present for my mother and her 2 cats for Christmas , which will not be arriving on time . To be fair , that information may have been somewhere on the website , as they replied by email when I inquired , but it was not clear to me at the time . What bothers me most is that they know my displeasure with their `` no-call '' policy , and I think it should matter for more than $ 300.00 -LRB- the cost of the bunkbed -RRB- , but evidently , they disagree ...
 I received two of these beds today and I was very disappointed . I thought I was ordering an `` air '' bed like an `` air '' mattress . What I got was a polyfill center that the instructions say to fluff up . No AIR involved . I even got out the air pump before I opened it to inflate . What a waste . These will probably be going back . Totally misrepresented . Only gave 1 star since I had to give it something .
 My dog wore it for a week maybe and he started chasing after another dog . As I pulled his leash which connected to the collar , the collar ripped . Really disappointed since these things are supposed to be able to support large dogs . Oh and my dog is only 35lbs .
 I had to send these back after 3 days . The lock sticks after cutting each and every nail , very time consuming . Talked to the prez of Martha 's Pet Place , he said Vista Series is the low-end of Miller Forges products , if your bent on getting Miller Forge , get their double-duck or red ones . They are better quality . I do n't know why they continue to sell the vista series . I traded them for `` safari 's '' and I deem them the best !!
 Just look at the advertised picture of this table ... beautiful , but once you get it home and set it up , far less enchanting ! The glass top is super heavy , the space between the top of the tank and the glass top is too wide -LRB- I lost a few fish that escaped this way -RRB- . I ended up having to modify the table by purchasing an acrylic top , drilling holes on the four corners to lower decrease the gap . Also , there is a condensation problem if you do n't have the tank temp . almost excatly the same as the room temp . I definitely believe this is a big time waste of money and do not recommend this to anyone.If you are looking for a good tank , try the Nanocube , or one of the marineland eclipse tanks . They are good , reliable , easy to use .
 I get this thing and they forget to tell you about the big bulky power cord its impossible to feed the fish and a number of other problems
 It does not stay open once a cat has attempted to get inside or has pounced on it ! The wire rim inside is smaller than the opening which is one reason it fails to remain open . The kitty for whom I bought it did n't use it so I threw it away . She loves playing inside paper bags , too.It was n't worth the postage - or energy , to return it .
 The product never seemed to work for us . Applied and soaked up according to directions but cat pee smell remained .
 Had a neighbor 's not neutered cat wandering our yard and that Ok with me , But NOT with my kitties . Started marking inside when they come in for the night . Used as directed , smell kept coming back & my cats are neutered . I found strong vinegar & water solution did the trick and way cheaper , folks !
 got this on Monday and by Tuesday it was in the garbage . my dog tore it up .
 I ordered this but found I could not use it for my cats and ended up giving it to a friend for her two dogs . The problem is that there are gaps between the top and the bottom of the stroller that makes it very easy for kitty to get his head out of . Once a cat gets their head out , the rest of the body follows . It was my intent to use this to walk my cat outside but with other animals and cars I ca n't take a chance with any gaps where kitty could wiggle out . The wheels are great , the material seems good , it all seems well made but it 's a dog stroller not a cat stroller .
 Ordered this stroller only to discover it was not available in this color . Canceled the order and the vendor was very helpful with the situation.Ordered another stroller at a different date which just happened to be from this same vendor -LRB- Classic Black stroller -RRB- . It arrived much faster than predicted and is of a good quality . My dog loves the stroller and I am very pleased with the Black color , no one would guess it 's for my dog nor the great price I paid .
 I must say , I was willing to pay this amount because I thought I was getting a better quality item . After a only a few weeks , this bag caved in and my puppy would no longer go into it . I tried several times and ways to fix it , but it would not stay up.I contacted the company and they told me to `` stuff it with wet towels and spray it heavily with starch ... '' are they kidding ? Then I found a reference to this problem under their web site FAQ 's . So , they are knowingly selling a defective item and expecting the customer to then fix it . They never responded to my second email ... I could not return it because it had been used.This is a company that does NOT stand behind it 's products . I found a much less expensive one at target , and it works much better!Do not waste the extra $ on this item .
 i returned it brcause it was way too small for my cat . I could barely zip it up and I had too squeeze her in
 Purchased the medium `` Original Sherpa Delux '' with high hopes for flying with our 10 month old , 9 lb dog . On my second training run in the car I left the top flap open and my dog bit the open zipper track - which made the zipper inoperable . I shipped the carrier to Sherpa , figuring they would cut me some slack given the item was brand new and I was using it in good faith with a toy dog . I offered to upgrade to a better zipper , if available . Guess what ? Not only did they not help me , they emailed me back requesting a Visa card # so they could charge me to ship the damaged item back . `` Satisfaction guaranteed '' is not part of their warranty . As an aside , there is no better zipper available from Sherpa ... per the warranty customer representative I spoke with .
 I do like this carrier for the most part but when our cat was hit by a car we put him in the carrier to keep him as still as possible . He actually rolled it once and the lining came out from under him . There is no solid base under the lining pad so it was very difficult to keep the pad under him in his agitated state . I was never a fan of hard carriers before but a firmer base would have spared him some pain in this situation .
 I must say , I was willing to pay this amount because I thought I was getting a better quality item . After a only a few weeks , this bag caved in and my puppy would no longer go into it . I tried several times and ways to fix it , but it would not stay up.I contacted the company and they told me to `` stuff it with wet towels and spray it heavily with starch ... '' are they kidding ? Then I found a reference to this problem under their web site FAQ 's . So , they are knowingly selling a defective item and expecting the customer to then fix it . They never responded to my second email ... I could not return it because it had been used.This is a company that does NOT stand behind it 's products . I found a much less expensive one at target , and it works much better!Do not waste the extra $ on this item .
 i returned it brcause it was way too small for my cat . I could barely zip it up and I had too squeeze her in
 Purchased the medium `` Original Sherpa Delux '' with high hopes for flying with our 10 month old , 9 lb dog . On my second training run in the car I left the top flap open and my dog bit the open zipper track - which made the zipper inoperable . I shipped the carrier to Sherpa , figuring they would cut me some slack given the item was brand new and I was using it in good faith with a toy dog . I offered to upgrade to a better zipper , if available . Guess what ? Not only did they not help me , they emailed me back requesting a Visa card # so they could charge me to ship the damaged item back . `` Satisfaction guaranteed '' is not part of their warranty . As an aside , there is no better zipper available from Sherpa ... per the warranty customer representative I spoke with .
 I do like this carrier for the most part but when our cat was hit by a car we put him in the carrier to keep him as still as possible . He actually rolled it once and the lining came out from under him . There is no solid base under the lining pad so it was very difficult to keep the pad under him in his agitated state . I was never a fan of hard carriers before but a firmer base would have spared him some pain in this situation .
 Great toy , maybe , for ferrets . My three rats still have little interest -LRB- got it as another reviewer said her rats liked it -RRB- . One negative , it came smushed up in a package . We 've had it out about a month and the smashed foam head still has not returned to the shape that it is actually intended to have ... Maybe worth a try for ferrets as indended ... -LRB- but that does n't necessarily fix the squished head -RRB- .
 We have a horrible time getting allergy medication into our two cats -LRB- both have allergies , but welive in the allergy capital of the USA , and we have them too -RRB- . During the spring bloom and fallharvest time , we need to give them allergy meds . I thought these might help.They did n't . Neither cat will touch them , even without a pill . I did try the pockets without medicine in themfirst , so they would not be suspicious the next time . They both turned up their noses and walked away.These are cats who will knock you down to get chicken!So , ca n't recommend them for cats in general , but I am sure they 'd work well for dogs .
 My Maine Coon has developed some pretty bad knots on his sides , and after reading the positive reviews we decided to try this tool . It does n't really do anything for our cat . It 's not sharp enough to cut through the mats , and just ends up pulling his hair and skin underneath . I think the best way to go is with scissors ! I would strongly recommend these also sold on Amazon : http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0053V5VKK/ref=wms_ohs_product
 I need to preface this review with the fact that this is the first dematting tool we 've ever purchased and we have no idea if all dematting tools require the tine direction to be changed in the same manner -LRB- i.e. pin comes out , then each individual tine must be removed , turned and reinserted , then replace the pin -RRB- . We 're assuming that the tine direction is only supposed to be completed once , ergo the fact that it 's a pain to change the direction of the tines . This locks you into always brushing in the same direction , and since one of us is a lefty and the other is a righty , this presents a problem as we share the responsibility of grooming the dog . My husband and I think it 's a poor design.As our dog as gotten older , his hair texture has changed and we can not just brush the mats out . When we come across mats , half the time we ca n't use the dematting tool because the tines are facing in the wrong direction and there is no way we 're going to take the thing apart to change the direction of the tines .
 The item I received was not this item pictured so I can not rate it at all . Plus the item I received was broken when it arrived and the seller has not remedied the situation !
 I would like to say the Mat Breaker Grooming Tool worked well but I was shipped a totally different item -LRB- some lawn and garden tool handle -RRB- and this company with no customer service concerns at all wanted ME to pay to return it . That would mean I 'd pay for sipping 2 ways on an item I never ordered . I 'll never do business with them again . I 've never had such lame customer service considering it was THEIR obvious mistake in the first place .
 I applied this product only ONCE a week for two weeks on my cats lower back . This product worked very well in stopping my cat from chewing , licking and pulling his hair out . Unfortunatly my cat age 14 in perfect health except this issue had a severe reaction to Synergy Dr. Golds Itch Relief . He stopped eating , drinking and in one week lost an alarming amount of weight . I rushed him to the vet and he was given IV fluids and antibiotics . The inside of his mouth was red and inflamed . My vet said he obviously had a reaction to the product which I brought with me . I now take my cat to the vet once every 3 months to recieve an allergy shot . My cat is now back to his old self . The product worked , BUT BEWARE the results . An allergy shot is only $ 28.00 and alot safer and works perfectly .
 I ordered these based on the manufacturer 's product description
 My kitten loves ball-like toys and plush , but she pays no attention to these . I got one out the day they arrived , and it is still sitting on the floor where i left it . They are smaller than I thought , and the center is hard . Should n't have bought such a big quantity without testing one first .
 I have purchased these fur ball toys for my two cats several times in the past and have been very satisfied with the quality of the product . This last batch was of poor quality and some of the fur balls were already falling apart . Despite the cheap construction of the fur balls , they are still the favorite toys amongst the cats .
 Although these come up when searching for Zanies furballs , they are n't ; they 're called `` Bat Around . '' Note that other reviewers say they 're not as good with the polyester filling . My foster kittens go absolutely nuts for Zanies , so that 's what I 'm sticking with . The real ones areZanies Canister Cat Toys 60 Fur Balls 2 In
 I hate rating this so low because it may work for some , but I have tried these on four cats and none of them cared . They were only interesting when I put catnip on them . most of the time they 've been shoved against the wall and forgotten , even when I try to bring them out to play . I ended up taking them to the Humane Society . If it brings joy to at least one cat 's life I 'll be happy .
 Theraneem Pet Shampoo , 12 OunceWithin a week of using this and Theraneem Organix shampoo , our beloved dog died from convulsions and severe central nervous system problems . She had just had a wellness check with her vet in August -- and she had been found in excellent health.After using these products , within 3 days she began having seizures -- along with severe central nervous system dysfunction , ataxia , confusion , and brain damage . Her kidneys also failed . Repeated efforts by various veterinarians could not save her . She died tragically on 9/19/11 . Our family is devastated.We googled `` neem oil poisoning '' and `` neem oil side effects '' -LRB- much too late to save our dog -RRB- and found various sources that confirm the ingestion of this oil can cause seizures , irreversible CNS dysfunction and brain damage , liver and kidney failure , Reye 's syndrome , and then possible death . There is additional documentation in Indian pediatric journals relating these symptoms in humans as a result of neem oil ingestion/poison . There is NO KNOWN ANTIDOTE for neem oil poisoning !!! My dog did not orally ingest the neem oil . The shampoo was applied and then a very small amount of the oil was used as recommended/directed by the neem oil manufacturer . We believe this was enough to trigger her seizures and result in her horrific death.The instructions on the bottle of neem oil state that it can be applied UNDILUTED up to two times a day -- and on broken skin where it will be even more rapidly -- and dangerously -- absorbed into the dog 's body ! There is no restriction as to how much to use or where to apply it . Neem oil should only be applied using the correct dilution ratios . There is no cautionary wording to keep this away from children . No safety cap . The list could go on about the abject failure and lack of cautionary advice from the manufacturer.Perhaps not all pets will react in this way -- but we can not encourage everyone enough to use the utmost caution when using any product that contains neem oil . Inform yourselves of the dangers -- do not just listen to the promotion that these products are entirely non-toxic . Neem oil contains a deadly poison and is used as an insecticide/pesticide . We had to give this item one star in order to post this review -- zero stars would have been more appropriate . We will never be the same after witnessing our beloved dog descend into such misery and fright as she spent her last days dying in such a terrible way . We can only hope that others will be forewarned and that her death will not be in vain . We will never forget this -- and will always grieve her tragic loss .
 This kept the fleas at bay for about 1-2 weeks , but had to be reapplied diligently to retain its effectiveness and to be honest , the smell and the amount of time required to use it was not worth the benefits . This product smells like the dumpster behind a Burger King . I am not joking . That is the first thing that came to mind when I opened the bottle . For heaven 's sake , do not , under any circumstances get this on your clothes because you are stuck with a nasty brown stain and that Burgery smell . I made the mistake of applying it to the dog 's coat while shampooing him with bare hands and it took literally DAYS for the smell to leave my hands . Also , after buying this , I learned that IT CAN BE EXTREMELY TOXIC TO ANIMALS ! I would not recommend it at all .
 I have heard positive things about Neem oil , so I had high hopes for this product . I should have paid attention to the review about the bad smell . This product smells so bad it is virtually intolerable . I mean it really reeks . I ca n't see how anyone could actually use this on their animals . Further , when the product came , it was not even sealed . The bottle had SCOTCH TAPE wrapped carelessly around the top . THERE WAS NO SEAL INSIDE ! I would strongly suggest someone wanting to use Neem oil try a different product .
 The package was hot when received so maybe the neem oil was rancid from the heat . I could not put that on my cats since it smelled like a cross between tar and something horribly rotten . Possibly it could be used outside as an odor deterrent if one has problems w / wildlife destroying gardens .
 Decided to use on my 20 year old ailing cat rather than subject him to toxic chemicals . Product smells worse than sulfur and did nothing to repel fleas . I used drops on my pet 's skin around the neck , back and base of tail rather than mixing with shampoo so perhaps that made the difference . I also used a waterless shampoo that contained neem oil before applying the neem oil drops . After allowing the oil to absorb into the skin , I brushed the fur evenly to distribute throughout . The neem oil drops ended up matting my pet 's fur . I eventually just ended up combing the flea out shortly after it had gotten fat from recently feeding on my pet after several days of finding even more flea dirt than before applying the product .
 Buyer beware ... only a 2 ounce bottle is currently being shipped.I received a 2 ounce bottle and called amazon . They were very understanding and overnighted a 4 ounce bottle and I was to use the shipping label they emailed to ship back the 2 ounce bottle . BUT once again I only received a 2 ounce bottle !!! I will call Amazon again to tell them they AGAIN only shipped a 2 oz . bottle ... but expect to either spend a lot of wasted time dealing with this or that you are only going to get half of what you order and pay for.buyer beware
 This product said it could be used on dogs , as well as other animals . I tried this for my dog who chews on cords . I sprayed a brush he likes to chew liberally with this product and left it out for him . He immediately started chewing on it like always . I sprayed the brush again with the same result . Did n't work for my dog .
 Im just going to copy and paste this review on all the fooey sprays because , well , it doesnt matter what size it is , it is the same LOUSY stuff!The bottle itself tells me it is the most bitter stuff ever , the best , contains several bitter tastes , etc. . In all honesty , i tried this stuff myself . Taste HORRIBLE to ME . Like extreme bugspray . I was gagging and had the taste in my mouth for about an hour.HOWEVER , it did NOTHING for my cat . Absolutely nothing.She is OCD about licking her paws . So much that they are losing hair , and in the past have gotten irritated / scabby . Yes I know that cats must lick their paws to clean themselfs , but her paws just needed time without her obsessive licking to heal . -LRB- the vet recommended -RRB- So I gave a few spritz to her paws , which by the way comes out in a jet stream , and she promptly went right back to licking her paws . No pause , no flinch , nothing . I sprayed more on , and still . . no reaction . So I wondered if maybe her OCD was pushing her to lick through the bitter . So I gave a little spray to my fingertip and dabbed it onto her tongue . Still nothing . She licked her mouth twice and thats it.This stuff was a waste of money !! I am angry I got rid of the reciept , I can not return it . -LRB- I purchased from a nearby Petco -RRB- Please look elsewhere . This stuff works great on people , but seems tasteless to my cat!Zero stars :-LRB- :-LRB- !!!
 It is bitter . After spraying it , even very sparingly , the smell and taste hung in the air , permeating ... everything.Our puppy was n't a fan of it . For about ... five seconds . And then he ignored it . I gave it two stars because it 's bitter , and because it might be that our dog is just impervious ... but it did n't work .
 We purchased this product so that our cat would not continue licking some spots on her fur . We sprayed quite a bit just to be sure that it would work . Within a matter of a half hour , so licked it all off , and it did not deter her whatsoever . I would not recommend this product .
 My 8-month old , 45 pound shepherd/hound mix broke the squeaker in about a minute , and had chewed thru the ball in less than 5 minutes .
 I 'm not very thrilled by this gate . In the pictures it shows a nice sized gate opening in the near middle of the gate . First off , the door of the gate is very narrow for such a giant gate !! We could not believe how small it is , even for my small framed/body type mother -LRB- 5 ' 2 '' 120 # -RRB- . Secondly , the additional extensions only fit on ONE end of the gate . That puts the door really close to the wall , an unnatural path to take . We had to fabricate the extensions and gate to put the door in the center . Thankfully it 's not hard to lift the gate off it 's wall fasteners . We have to take it down every evening and shove it behind the couch . The stupid walk through is too inconveniently small to have permanent in a high traffic area . Only pro to it is how long you can make it . However , if you have a jumper or a serious chewer , I 'd be cautious . With several extensions it 's not the sturdiest of structures . Plus the piece that 's supposed to be the stabilizer is plastic that any dedicated chewer will decimate . For the price I paid of $ 125 for the gate and 2 extra extensions , I am not very pleased . I really would n't recommend this set up to anyone .
 I purchased other metal pet gates before and liked them . In this instance I needed to add an extension . It was cheaply made and the ends do n't stay attached to the wall , plus it is difficult to adjust . I would NOT recommend this extension gate .
 I bought this to clean my long-hair dog 's mouth after he eats or his paws after he comes in from a walk , and it was pretty much useless for it . While it is waterless , you do soak the dog 's hair with this stuff until it 's damp . You then have to comb it and let it dry just like you would with water . I found it did not help get debris/food out at all and left a slight sticky residue . A wet washcloth worked far better for my dog , unfortunately.If you have a short-haired dog , perhaps it would work better .
 I think the device is probably fine for dogs , but it did n't work with cats at all . A simple ` good ' and ` bad ' sound would be better for cats .
 I give this litter two stars because it does , indeed , attract cats to use it , and it clumps very well . However , I had a negative experience with my senior cat . I 've used this litter for at least a couple years , and since at least June of this year my cat , Kali , started having problems with open mouth breathing episodes . Her lungs showed signs of inflammation , possibly astham , on x-rays , but a course of steroids -LRB- prednisone -RRB- did n't help the problem . The next step was to see a specialist ... an internist , who had the same opinion as regular vet ... it looked like asthma but they were n't sure ... the next step was the cardiologist to make sure she was n't having heart problems . Her heart was healthy.Finally I brought her home ... all three vets rather stumped , offering the option of putting her on the equivalent of an inhaler for asthmatics if I could catch her during an episode and use it . I decided I 'd try to switch cat litters , as a shot in the dark . I switched to Yesterdays News to get entirely away from clay litters . She started getting better almost immediately . After about a week she has n't had any more breathing attacks.I ca n't say for 100 % certainty that this is an unhealthy litter . Kali may simply have developed an allergy to the herbal/scent which triggered asthma like symptoms , however , the steroids that usually treat asthma did not help with her breathing inflammation.Update
 This did not work for my cat the only good thing about this litter was that it is dust free .
 I chose this product because I have an old cat with dementia and he sometimes forgets what the litter box is for . He will walk up to the litter box and sometimes use it and sometimes stand outside the box and use the floor beside the litter box.I thought that this would work with the attractant in the litter . This is no difference between lesser brands and this brand . Very expensive , $ 15.00 for 14 lbs.I would not recommend this to any of my friends .
 If your cat does n't like the current litter you 're using , then this MIGHT prevent future accidents . If your cat has simply decided that THIS SPOT in your house is THE SPOT , then I 'd say you 're pretty much SOL and will have to spend some quality time together . For me , that 's sitting near THE SPOT when I 'm home , making sure she walks on by to her litterbox . No , covering the spot does n't work . She 'll urinate right next to the cover , thus broadening her chosen SPOT.Be sure to get the rebate form from their website before tossing the receipt , just in case you come to the same conclusion that I have .
 Beautiful when new but dry clean only ! Its a dog coat . So I tried washing by hand because it only cost $ 1.70 . It dide n't do well . You have to wash their clothes , I would not of purchaced if I kenw dry clean only.Sorry , but all of the other cloths She has even with the same kind of trim wash great .
 I have been in contact with the seller and they have promised to make the purchase right . I am waiting for that to happen .
 I bought two of these seed guards hoping to use for two of my cages . They first look fine but the glue 's for attaching them do n't work so I had to replace them with regular tapes and the attract dirt ... Needless to say it makes the cage look dirty and they will not be a good/practical option for cages . I am now going to give the acrylic sturdy ones a try were no taping is needed and they can be attached with fixtures .
 The velcro tabs provided do not have adequate adhesive so they fall right off . The only way to keep the guard on is to use tape , which looks sloppy and does n't allow for removal to clean.If that was n't bad enough as soon as I got this on the cage my cockatiel started biting right through it . The product is cheap but with shipping it comes out to about $ 10 . Do n't waste your money ! Good idea but poorly done.They need better adhesive and thicker material for the guard .
 this was so cheap I had to try it but it does n't work . If it had a part to hook under the cage to catch and keep the seeds , maybe , but its too short to do any good and it keeps falling down . I had to hot glue it to the cage .
 I like the idea of this thing . However , it did n't last 1/2 day because the bird pecked at the top all around . Eventually the whole thing fell orr . I do n't think it is too healthy for him to eat this material , so I threw it out . What a disappointment .
 I bought this from store and thought I 'd give it a try . Well I 'm sorry I did . The velcro tabs do n't stay on . They literally fell right off after I put them on . My birds still get seed all over my floor . I will never buy this product again !
 not worth price with shipping does n't help smell for any longer then anything I can get from dollar storethan you have a great day god bless
 When i recieved them they are cheaply made compared to the ones i normally buy . I will be going back to the ones i normally do . These lasted not long at all
 Unless you have a cat that will tolerate absolutely ANYTHING -LRB- and I thought mine did -RRB- , these do not work . I ca n't even explain how big of a mess these things are . After you 've survived getting the caps on , keeping the cat still , picking the caps that did n't `` work '' out of your cat 's hair , having your fingers glued together ... releasing the cat , yelling at the cat for getting underneath the bed and immediately chewing off the caps , etc etc. . . Needless to say , this was not the best purchase I could have made . Save yourself the same scenario and just keep their nails trimmed down . Good grief !
 I bought these thinking they were cheaper than the `` Soft Paws '' offered on -LSB- ... -RSB- . They also have a CLS design on their site . Well ... I have a very docile 12 year old cat . She 's been wearing the authentic Soft Paws from softpaws.com since I adopted her as a 1 year old . I have never had to have anyone hold her down to put the covers on . She 's so laid back she 's practically horizontal . Let me tell you , these covers from Amazon are NOT the same thing ! Yes they have the CLS design , but the oblong shape to them as opposed to the actual curved claw shape of the authentic Soft Paws makes these covers extremely difficult to put on . I ordered one batch of Amazon covers and I just started using them . I went to replace 2 covers tonight and again got glue all over myself . I was trying to hold the opening to the claw cover open enough to slip it on her claw but she cried cause it would n't go on easy . Then the cover fell off and got stuck to her hair . I had to cut it out ! Amazon does not give a very good view of the covers before purchase . It would be very easy to mistake them for the same shape as the more authentic covers . The price is attractive , but that 's where it stops . They are not worth it . Save your money and order the REAL deal .
 The bucket did n't even last two winters . For the price , you could do much better .
 I bought this dog food because the bag showed pictured of veggies and chunks of meat , and with a name like `` Beneful '' I thought I was purchasing a nutritious brand of dog food . My dogs did eat this food , but after reading the ingredients I completely regret purchasing it and feel just awful for feeding it to my dogs . The first three ingredients are Ground yellow corn , chicken by-product meal , and corn gluten meal . How disgusting is that ?! The main ingredient is a corn filler . One thing my vet told me a while back that I never forgot
 My dog wo n't touch this stuff . We had to give the rest of the bag away and go back to Kibbles N Bits , his favorite dog food .
 I purchased the PetSafe anti-bark collar because its price seems more reasonable than other collars . I now learn that the collar is just the start to get customers committed . These batteries have a super short life-span . I have already gone through 4 batteries and this purchase was to buy 2 more . A single battery lasts less than a week of continuous wear . It might be better to get a different collar .
 I bought the Pet Safe collar and it came with the RFA-67 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B0009811TW PetSafe 6-Volt Lithium Battery that only lasted about a week . I also bought two packs of two each replacement batteries each and everyone died about one minute after installing them . How can they call them NEW ! The should show the expiration date . -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B0009811TW PetSafe 6-Volt Lithium Battery -LRB- 2 Batteries per Pack -RRB- -RSB- -RSB-
 I installed one battery out of the first pack and it only lasted one week . I tried replacing the battery with the second one from the pack and the battery did not work at all . I opened the second pack and installed one of the batteries . That battery has been working over a month . I did not try to get a replacement pack . I figured it was more trouble than it was worth . I would not order again . The date on the pack was 2006 . I do not know if that is an expiration date or not .
 These batteries were sold as replacement batteries for a no bark collar I purchased . The batteries are not the correct size as described . Therefore they are worthless to me
 The batters dont last long at all . the first one was dead within a couple hours the first day . The other lasted maybe an hour longer then the first.I took them out of the colar when not in use . The batters were priced way to good to be true .
 I ordered the pet tag inexpensive no bark collar and Amazon paired these batteries with the product . They werre the incorrect batteries . The product actually requires an LR44 . 1.5 V button battery -LRB- # 3 -RRB-
 It just vibrated on the dogs neck . Neither one could care less and still barked . They still barked as much as they did
 I would not recommend this product . I replaced the last battery @ 6am this morning & when I returned @ 4pm , it was completely dead . There 's no way my dog barked the entire day or else my neighbors would have complained .
 These were close to useless . On installation , the light flashed indicating low battery . I got a couple of hours use out of each battery and then they were truly dead . Useless regardless of the price .
 Both batteries Dead on delivery!Tested both of the batteries with tester after collar still seemed to not work.Will try to get refund but packed is opened .
 I need to read the product information . This was recommended but the product I bought did not use these batteries .
 I feel that the batteries may have been old or expiring . They were on my dog for 3 weeks and went dead . They dog never even went near the shock zone.Its unfortunate ... for me as they are expensive .
 I would say out of the 4 packs I bought and using more than half , its a 50/50 chance the battery is no good . Next time I will save all bad batteries out of the box and return them . This is no acceptable for lithum batteries , more so for those that are specially overmolded and very expensive .
 I ca n't comment on the batteries themselves , as we do n't have a compatible device to use them with . They are advertised as going with product B002XZ4LGO , a dog vibrate/beep bark collar . They do not go with that collar . Hope this helps someone ! If I recall correctly , I read this when I first purchased the collar but forgot . So someone else may have already said it here or there .
 These batteries were `` recommended '' by Amazon when we purchased a bark collar and they were n't even close to the correct ones .
 These may very well be fine batteries . However this ONE STAR review is for Amazon.com for continuing to link totally unrelated battery set with the Pettag bark collar : Pettag Large over 25 # Dog Sonic & Vibration No-Bark CollarRight there at the bottom of every page are these PetSafe 6 Volt Lithium replacement batteries . DO N'T FALL FOR IT . Of course Amazon will deny any responsibility and point out over and over that they are NOT responsible for compatibility of products matched at the bottom of the product pages . This is the second time I 've been burned like this ... Guess I 'm an idiot .
 Although Amazon features these batteries with the SD-105 trainer , these are NOT the batteries that go with that trainer . Be sure that you purchase the right batteries for your collar .
 One of two batteries in the pack was dead out of the package . The company will not accept returns after the package is opened
 These batteries arrived to me dead . Neither from the pack work . I see that several people have had the same problem . DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE !!! Amazon 's policy of no returns on batteries means you are out of luck ! Total waste of my money ! I even paid for rush shipping , so I am out even more . Lowes and Home Depot carry these batteries . The ones I bought from Lowes worked perfectly .
 Amazon shows the wrong battery for the Bark collar we ordered and now we are stuck with the wrong Battery due to their mistake . I am one unhappy customer who has been ordering from Amazon for years and use their Credit card all the time . Now that will end and so will my feelings for Amazon as the women who handled my call were rude and did not seem to care . Amazon fix your discription for the Innotek Bark Collar as the 3 pack you show is the wrongbattery . It takes a 6Volt but in a Alkalinenot a Lithium 6volt . Signed a very upset old Amazon customerNancy E. Vogee
 We have five dogs and three bark collars which use these batteries . I have never purchased from Amazon but from several different local stores and more than half the time the batteries are dead when I open the package or very soon after the are installed . The fault is with the manufacturer or their supply chain , not with Amazon . We also have a Trainwell collar which uses different batteries and have never had any trouble with those .
 Amazon has this in a discount combination with the PetSafe Large Dog Control Collar . But it used different batteries . And because they are flagged as containing a flammable material , they ca n't be returned . Buyer beware .
 First , let me state that I love the Safepet wireless fence . We have been using them on our three dogs for the last fifteen years . Ours are big dogs and we live in the country where we dont want them chasing deer . The collars work great . I highly recommend them to everyone , whether they live in the city or country.But the new batteries are a different story . Like I said , we have been using the collars for the last fifteen years . They dont wear out . They have been handed down for pet to pet . But our collars are of the old type and these batteries are not made for the old style collar.So before you order , check your collar to see if they are the right type . I did not check , now I have to go through the motions of returning the items . Luckily , I did not open the package.I guess I will have to continue to buy the medical batteries that fit the collar and remember to replace them each month . BUT STILL LOVE THE COLLARS .
 I am sure the batteries are fine but these are replacement batteries that Amazon recommended for a dog training collar that I bought . Unfortunately they are the wrong batteries .
 do n't waste your money ordering this with other items . Amazon charged me for the item but did n't put it in the package . Still trying to have it resent or credited .
 Dd not buy - when received batteries were completely dead - Amazon `` Returns '' stated they were non returnable because made of hazardous material - this was not stated anywhere on purchase page - the more I deal with Amazon the less I like them - they 're kind of bullylike and it 's always their way or the highway -
 Batteries came today , one package both batteries are dead , the other package both are good but for how long ?
 I ordered these batteries with great anticipation to continue my dog training . Upon arrival , BOTH BATTERIES WERE DEAD ! Went onto amazon to look for a place to return these dead things , and low and behold , you ca n't return batteries . So , now I am out the money . What a joke .
 Okay , we had a doggie door already in place at the house we bought so why not get a dog ? We 're a family with 3 small children and what could round us out more ? What we did n't realize was that the sneaky neighbor cat liked to use the `` doggie door '' on cold January nights . So , we purchase an electronic doggie door to keep said `` sneaky neighbor cat '' OUT ! We install it and realize that the door was n't working properly . We called customer service and they sent us a replacement door with very few questions asked . Installed the new door and for some reason the door does n't like to unlock until the `` key '' is RIGHT NEXT TO THE DOOR and even then , it has to be positioned a certain way to work . I do n't know if the batteries were old or not . Now , we just manually lock the door at night and hope to rememeber to unlock it in the morning .
 I have no idea of the quality of this product , but I am greatly disappointed that it was `` recommended '' by Amazon . I purchased bark collars that had nothing to do with this product . Disappointing , and this product is on its way back to you .
 You get what you pay for , I guess . First battery ran down in 6 days . Second ran down in 2 . Probably reflects more on the vendor than the product . Maybe both .
 Less than a week and the 1st battery is dead . And the dog is n't a heavy barker -- so it 's not the dog 's fault .
 Both batteries died within 3 days . Battery that shipped with collar lasted over one month . I do n't know where the best source is to get these .
 This purchase only included 2 of the batteries . The item description said it came with 4 , so I was displeased when they came and only had 2 . Product is fine , but advertising is false .
 I purchased this as combo that you suggested and it is not even the correct battery for the bark collar I purchased . I knew There was a reason I have never purchased item you recommend to buy with items purchased .
 It showed that these battery 's went to the shock collar I bought , but they do not . So I have batteries that I have no use for . Is there a way to send them back for a refund . I 've never had to return anything I bought from Amazon .
 I love my PetSafe invisible fence system , and the collar works perfectly . I ordered these batteries at the end of July and the first battery has lasted until the beginning of December , so a litte over four months - not bad . However , when I put the second battery in the collar today , the red light still flashes indicating a dead battery . Very disappointing .
 It was made to look like it went with the Remote Dog Training Collar I ordered but does n't seem be be related to it at all .
 I thought this was an isolated incident and then read other reviews . Heading to Lowes as was what recommended by another reviewer .
 Received these batteries DOA ! What a waist of money ! I ended up grinding down the plastic cover to remove the lithium batteries inside and I 'm going to start buying bulk CR2032 batteries to replace . I 'll update how it goes ...
 I always buy these batteries from a local pet supply store but purchased on Amazon since I use Amazon weekly and the batteries were cheaper , but we have already had to change the first battery . Previous batteries have lasted at least a 1-2 months , so I am disappointed and will not buy online any more . We will see how long this other battery lasts .
 Wrong size battery . - does not fit in the battery recepticle . Very obvious mistake . Supplied batteries arthin and round and needed batteries are long and thick .
 I read reviews about the batteries being dead or near dead and figured that was bound too happen sometimes , so even after the first time the battery life was poor , I went and bought more cause , darn it is convenient to get them from Amazon.My dog ran off when wearing a collar with dead batteries and now he is dead , killed by a car . Certainly I do n't think their worth the price .
 this was put together with the bark collar i purchased for my dog ; the collar is rechargeable and i was thinking these were for replacing the batteries since they are sold together . these will not fit in the collar and were a complete waste of money .
 I purchased this item and thought it was great . However , when I put the batteries in the dogs collar they were dead within 1/2 hour . I would like to find out how to get my money back !
 I bought these batteries to go for the PetSafe bark collar as suggested by several reviews that said the battery the collar ships with does not hold enough charge . When we got the collar it did n't work , so I ordered these hoping to solve the problem.No such luck.I put the new battery in but there was no change in performance on the collar . Now I have a useless collar with several batteries that I have no use for.Save your money and avoid the PetSafe brand .
 I purchased this at the same time I purchased the Pet Tag Classic No Bark Collar , Red , Small . These items were shown together , leading me to believe the batteries would work in the collar . Nope - wrong size . Unopened package sitting there , staring at me .
 I ordered a dog collar and paid for extra batteries because I thought the batteries may be hard to find in stores . This seller only sent the collar . WTH ? I never receive the batteries . boo !
 These batteries only last about a week or two depending on if you use them alot or alittle . The package info says they will only last two weeks . I wish I would have known that before I purchased them . I will try another retailer to see if I get longer life .
 These were suggested to be bought with the PetSafe bark collar but they were the wrong ones , , not worth the shipping to return them but will be more cautious in the future with recommendations from Amazon .
 I was offered these batteries by amazon to go with the bark collar I purchased . So I purchased them cause they said it was the correct type of battery for the item . Well it was n't at all . and never used them , , , would n't even know what to use them for .
 Ordered 12 batteries 2 weeks ago . Four came out of the packages completely dead . Two worked for 2 days before they started maniacally beeping , which made my poor dogs run frantically around the apartment while I tried to capture them to remove their collars . If you are considering purchasing these , save your money and your dog 's sanity
 All four batteries I ordered were dead . I had the same problem with Petco , Walmart and Home Depot . I think PetSafe has a bad quality control . There is no expiration date or shelf life printed on the package .
 Service and delivery were exceptional as always . The life of the first battery was less than one month nearly 3 months shorter than the battery that came with the collar when it was purchased in early August . Very disappointing and just another reason why products with custom power supplies should be avoided .
 You are better off purchasing these batteries from a retailer . Do not buy from this retailer . Both batteries were dead out of the package . I am very disappointed .
 I ordered batteries for my dog 's training collar . I was happy that they arrived in short order but was totally DIS-satisfied to discover that the batteries were deader than a hammer . Perhaps dated , expendable products are not the safest things to be purchasing on Amazon.com ... Just my opinion on this round .
 STUCK W THESE AFTER BUYING A PET SAFE BARK COLLAR THAT DOES N'T STOP MY LITTLE DOG FROM BARKING . THESE R SUPPOSED TO LAST 6 MONTHS - YOU 'RE LUCKY IF U GET 2 MONTHS ! I 'M NOT BUYING ANYMORE PET SAFE PRODUCTS !
 I was about to order this product on Amazon and then I looked at all the reviews . I did a search for the battery on line and found it at Walmart for $ 6.88 , free shipping ! Great deal . The ones on the walmart website did n't have any negative feedback either . I hope this helps anyone looking to order it .
 Do n't buy from them , they wont let you return because the batteries are hazardous but they can ship them with out a hazardous label wonder if the post office knows about this .
 I bought these batteries to go along with the collar that it was supposed to work with . It even advertised them together , and was clearly stated that they were the correct batteries . I received them and realized immediately that NO They were NOT the correct batteries . I got majorly scammed !!!!!! The worst part was that you can not even return them . There is a rule on Amazon that you can not return batteries but it gave me the option to return them before I bought them . This was a complete scam !!! Save your money , buy from a reputable store .
 These batteries , although they were listed next to the shock collar that we purchased as `` customers who bought your collar also bought this , '' were not the correct ones at all . Not to worry . I was immediately refunded the amount . Turns out that the actual batteries , which are hard to find on the web site , are way more expensive ...
 I received a two pack of batteries and the batteries do n't last more than a week in my dogs barking collar . These are a waste of money , but i am not pleased with the performance on the dog collar neither .
 I ordered these several months ago when I purchased the collar . The original just died so I went to replace it and both batteries in the pack are dead as well . I 'm out of luck .
 This product was a horrible buy . The batteries were dead when I recieved them ! I never want to buy anything from amazon again
 Like others have noted , these batteries arrived completely dead/unusable . They seem to have a finite shelf life and the lot that Amazon is giving people is apparently past that.Buy them from somewhere else .
 These batteries have so much problems.Both batteries in the package did not generate any juice , period.I rarely write any reviews but I had no choice for this one .
 These batteries are not used in this dog collar . They are listed in the bought together category . There is no need to buy them .
 These batteries were advertised with the petsafe collar but when i tried to put them in they were not able to fit i hate them
 I ordered the collar and 6 volt batteries together . The problem-the collar takes two 3volt batteries .
 I ca n't review this product . I never received it . The wrong batteries were sent with the collar and were returned with the collar .
 I ordered a dog collar and the batteries to go with it but got these instead . They dont work with the collar I got .
 I was ordering a collar for my dog , and when I placed the order there was a suggestion at the bottom to buy these batteries with it because they lasted longer than the ones that came with it . So I did , and they are not even the right kind for the collar I have . Would n't even fit . Last time I buy something at the suggestion of the site without lots of research first .
 I do n't dislike the battery as such . It 's just that I bought it because Amazon says customers often buy it with Innotek pet collars . The battery does n't fit these collars , and Amazon should not let this pairing mislead people like me . The Petsafe battery is a disk you screw in ; the Innotak collars take a conventional cylindrical battery . I wrote to customer support about the matter , but received an automated reply that did n't resolve it . I note the PetSafe battery is still being paired with the Innotek collars .
 Can someone explain to me why these batteries are offered as a dual purchase with a collar that uses completely different batteries ?? . Thanks Amazon , really helpful that one !
 This item was matched with the bark collar and made it seem that it would be needed , however when we received the products these batteries do n't even work w / that particular bark collar .
 i ordered the trainin collar and the 2 batterys were offered with the collar . but they are not the correct battery , the collar i ordered takes 2 cr2032 batteries .
 These batteries would have been good had they been attached to a useful product !! The collar just plane was a piece of GARBAGE I sent it back and the batteries went in the trash cause it was already a huge pain to sent the collar back so I just said forget the 10 buck we 'll call this a learning experience . WOULD GITVE IT A NO STAR IF I COULD !!
 I have ordered these batteries from Amazon twice . They arrived nearly dead both times . By `` nearly dead '' , I mean that they worked for 3-5 days before dying completely.I have also purchased them in the store -LRB- Home Depot and Petsmart -RRB- with varied results . Sometimes they are fully charged and work for 3-6 months ; other times , I get only a few days or weeks . This is a huge problem since stores are reluctant to allow you to return batteries.In addition to failing to address the quality control issue , PetSafe does nothing to help you avoid buying expired batteries . There is no date on the package and no stated shelf life . This means that the stores have no way of knowing when the product has gone bad , and the consumer has no way of knowing if they 're buying a defective/expired product that they wo n't be able to return .
 Their genius wireless fencing system allows for a new battery type that I can not purchase in bulk on the internet . I am writing about the battery itself ; not the elaborate plastic screw-in system . The main complaint is that the batteries never last the six months as advertised . This alone accounts for fraud in that the battteries last on average 2 to 3 months , if ever that long . PetSafe sees themselves as an HP printer company , making their profits on ink in HP 's case , and non-enduring batteries in the PetSafe case . It is sad to see such great inventions dirtied by off-setting devious and untrue testimonials . Amazon should be more careful of product claims.If you tell me my Standard Schnauzer continually test the boundary line , I will tell you this is nonsense . He is smarter than his Master and PetSafe in this matter , and continually shows how he remembers his first sting many years ago when he was young , I was younger , batteries were inexpensive , and PetSafe was most honest .
 This was recommended by amazon as the battery for a collar i bought and it was the wrong item , also expired 2 weeks after i got it ... not worth the shipping to return it .
 Batteries lasted 2 days . They were supposed to be for a dog bark collar . I have never used a battery that gives a low battery warning the same day you install them . Do n't buy these or anything that uses them .
 These batteries are supposed to last approximately 3 months . Used properly , the did not last more than 1 week and some only 3 days . I contacted petsafe , and they told me it was the collar , which seemed to work fine , but they would not replace either as I bought them on line and no longer had the receipt ! I wo n't buy anything else from them .
 I actually bought these batteries because I was selling my Pet Safe Small Dog Remote Trainer and wanted to give them something that the person could immediately see worked.Personally , I would have preferred a holder that allowed me to change the battery itself , not the entire cap ... that makes it very expensive and therefore stars get removed for that design alone . It is n't a cost effective method that should be used by a manufacturer . I had the PetSafe outdoor fence and they had a receiver that you inserted a CR 2032 battery ... this appears to be the same battery , you just have to pay a lot more to get the entire cap for the remote trainer . Good for PetSafe money making , bad for the customer . Fortunately , this is for a remote dog/cat trainer and hopefully you do n't need to use it for very long , so you wo n't have to pay the additional costs for very long.It is n't a matter of recommending this item ... if you have this item , I know of no other way to make it functional then to buy these batteries/caps ... I would n't recommend PetSafe for that reason ... aside from the fact that in the Southern States , they no longer service here ... I know , lightning hit my fence and killed it ... and to bad for me ... I replaced the system and not with another PetSafe ... or there sister company Invisible ... both owned by the same parent company .
 Easy to install but I 've had them dead out of the package or die soon after or not much charge in them , making the collar barely work .
 Battery only lasted a month . They should have made the device take regular batteries you can buy anywhere , not require proprietary batteries .
 I seldom buy items with such a low rating ... but decided to this time . Now I know why I do n't ever do that . Both batteries out of the first package were dead when I put them in the collars . Hesitant about opening the second package . I think I will go to the local Petsmart and buy them instead .
 Just as everyone else is saying , my batteries were dead . The one worked for a few months and by the time it died , the other one in the pack was dead as well . DO NOT BUY !
 They sent the wrong one to me , it did n't even go with the item . I recommend this to no one .
 When something pops up saying that other people also bought this item when purchasing same item that you just put in your shopping cart , beware . I automatically clicked on the battery that came up believing it was the battery to be used in dog collar that I just purchase , only to find out when I received them , that it did n't fit my item . Be sure to check numbers before assuming just because the item comes up automatically that it is correct
 Batteries last 2 days . Do n't waste your money . PetSafe is a ripoff anyway . I 'll try fido 's fences version . Worthless peices of chit .
 This product was advertised that it would work with the bark collar I had purchased at the same time . That was very incorrect infomation . First off the bark collar came with batteries and they dont even slightly resemble the battery that works with the collar . Extremely Disapointted !
 Was led to believe that these fit the dog collars I bought and were needed to be ordered along with the collars . They do not fit these collars .
 first off . i usually buy this in stores . but amazon bundled something i didnt need for another dog related product . they dont last . my beagle runs them down with no problem in a bark collar . get cheaper , or last longer ...
 I ordered this product for my boxer because he likes to bark at things when he 's outside . I put the battery in his collar and tested it , the light came on and it beeped . The next day I noticed that it was n't lighting up or beeping when he barked . It was dead . So , I put the second battery from the same package in his collar . Again , I tested it and it was fine . The next day , DEAD . So , I do NOT recommend this product . Seems to me they are selling dead batteries that 'll have just enough oomph to work when first testing .
 They are already dead . This has been a problem no matter where I buy these batteries , they are always dead or die within a week .
 I purchased the wireless fenced containment system and two pack of backup batteries . I had seen advertisements that batteries lasted 3-6 months . Not for me . I received them at the end of July , and they just died on September 23 . Just under two months , with the dog wearing a collar maybe an hour a day , and almost never testing the boundaries . I am happy with the containment system , but not with the battery life .
 The battery itself works . Not very long though . If you have a dremel , you can do I what I 've been doing . I carefully cut out the plastic between the two battery connectors and removed the top metal cover plate , removed the two CR2032 batteries , cleaned out the cavity , made a notch to easily remove batteries in the future , and ordered 50 CR2032 batteries -LRB- equivalent of 25 RFA-67 's -RRB- for $ 10 . I 've come to understand that it 's not a problem with the batteries -LRB- in most cases -RRB- but the shock collar box . With all the time and money invested in the system , I 'm not going to throw past money & effort away , but you can be guaranteed I wo n't be buying these again unless I need another dremel project .
 this battery was listed as fitting my small Petsafe bark collar and it did not . The cost to return them was not worth returning them . My collar takes 3 volt not 6 volt and these should never have been listed with the collar I have ,
 I purchased an older model , new from Petsafe and it requires CR 2032 batteries . It is very inefficient . They put small batteries in the collar that require them to be changed often . A cost of $ 4.50 to change the batteries every few weeks makes the PetSafe collars far too expensive to operate . They should have put rechargeable AA or AAA batteries in the collar instead . I will never buy one again . Now , it 's time to buy again and it looks like they are still using batteries that are too small .
 I DO NOT THINK THAT THE BATTERIES WERE FRESH . DOES N'T SEEM TO BOTHER MY DOG WHEN HE BARKS .
 I ordered some replacement batteries and was told that they would be here last Wednesday . It is now thursday of the next week . I have emailed them and told them to email me or call me to let me know where my package is and to no affail , no call . I will never order from Petsafe again !!!
 I ordered this battery in combination with a collar on the recommendation of Amazon . I love the collar . The battery , however , is the wrong size so I ca n't use it .
 I should have listened to the people who mentioned this . Be clear . This is absolutely too small for adult cats . They can not stand up in it and can not physically fit through the two port holes . I 'm really disappointed . It would only need to be a couple of inches in diameter larger to be successful.But again , this is n't even close to being useable for an adult cat , and ours is n't even a particularly large cat . Do n't buy this unless you just want it for kittens .
 ABO Gear Fun Tunnel for CatsI was very disappointed with this product . I new as soon as I opened this toy that it was much to small for my 9 and 10 pound cats . I had been looking for a tunnel for them and was not able to find a nice one and when I found this I was delighted . Paying $ 35 for this was not that easy for me , especially when the item was not returnable , what do I do with it now !!!! Maybe they should discribe the products better to prevent these problems .
 I was disappointed with this tunnel because it 's so narrow . It would be perfect for little kittens but not adult cats , unless yours are tiny . I have two males - one is 9lbs , the other is 12lbs - and they 're both way too big for this tunnel . It 's made well , though , and is attractive and the material is also nice .
 Well I feel like I was tricked with this leash . It is only Glitter on one side . And it looks stupid walking my dog when the non glitter side shows.I wish they would have shown it in the pictures . Only used it once , I am much temped to return the leash .
 Powdered cellulose is sawdust folks . There is no worse ingredient in pet food . Corn is second worst , and this has a bunch of that too . This is garbage dog food .
 Out Persian cat brought fleas from a summer vacation in the country . After we cleaned the cat and treated the house with chemicals , I purchased this comb to clean up the remainder of the tiny yet highly resilient bunch of uninvited visitors . As I combed the cat , 3 out of 4 times , a flea , even a dead one , would pass right through this comb . Among the few successful catches , most of the time the extracted flea would get stuck between two adjacent comb teeth and it would require a soapy water solution -LRB- as per comb instructions -RRB- to wash the flea out . I am returning this comb and looking for a finer one.UPDATEAfter extensive search , found a much better all-metal alternative -LRB- ASIN
 The dimensions in the description are incorrect . - It is actually .25 inches x 1.25 inches x 6.25 inches -LRB- I just measured it . -RRB- . MUCH smaller than the dimensions given in the description , which are 0.2 x 2.5 x 9 inches . Its small size is awkward in the hand for a male , such as me . Probably not for a female buyer , though .
 I purchased this flea comb and the third time I used it a tooth bent.Mind you I have a Jack Russell Terrier and two mixes that have short hair also.I did n't notice at first that the tooth was bent and my JR terrier let me know that something bothered her . I took a pair of craft pliers and removed the offending tooth . The 4th time I used it another tooth bent . Fleas can get away now.I would not buy this product again .
 I only bought this because cats were supposed to LOVE this stuff . It was guaranteed by the distributors , as well as by a vet I saw doing infomercials about it . Even the comments on Amazon say this stuff is crack for cats . Unfortunately , after shelling out $ 25 for a bag of this , my two cats would n't eat it . A week went by , and they still would n't eat it . I eventually broke down and started feeding them they 're less expensive food instead . After calling the Hill 's people , we eventually determined that the kibbles were probably too big for my cats ' mouths -- they are pretty huge , after all .
 This review will make me sound really stupid , but whatever . I do n't really care as long as people find out what 's real and can avoid my mistakes.I got my wonderful little sweet Bella Bean when she was a few days shy of three years old . She had been bounced around from house to house and eating whatever was cheap . I have had cats around me my entire life , for about twenty-five years now . My mother always just fed them whatever , the kinds of food you buy in the supermarket - Friskies , Nine Lives , Kit & Kaboodle , stuff like that . And our cats were always fine , at least in terms of their eating habits . They would eat in the morning , stop when they were done , come back , and eat some more when they got hungry.My housemate at the time was working for Hill 's and assured me that this was the best food ever made , so great , so on and so forth . I now know that she is an utter buffoon , but I initially trusted her judgment , which is so unfortunate because she does n't think . She also had plenty of coupons for free or deeply discounted bags , which made it a much more attractive choice.I first tried feeding the little Bean an unmeasured amount of Science Diet in a bowl , but that did n't work , as she would devour it in one sitting . So then I took to measuring it , and she did the same thing . Then I started parsing it out to twice a day . That did n't work either , because she would start going crazy in the middle of the day , running around , intentionally destroying things , deliberately spilling her water , crying , etc. , until she got more food . So then I split it into three servings . Same thing . Then it got to be four servings . That was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times . So then it went back to three . All the while , I was trying to reduce the amount of food I was feeding her to less than 3/4 of a cup because she was a little chubby . Reducing was hell . She became even more hungry , but I figured she would get used to it . Not really.For over a year , she would wake me up every morning looking for food in a serious way , knocking things off my desk , ripping up any paper she could find , scratching at the door and committing general acts of mischief . As soon as she got food , she was back to her sweet self , but only for three or four hours.We thought she was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder . She always wanted food . It was kind of funny but in the end it was just sad.A few weeks back , we took her to a new -LRB- good , non-money factory -RRB- vet for her second checkup since I 've had her . I talked with him about her being always hungry . He asked what she ate , and I told him the adult indoor Science Diet . Without saying as much , he basically told me that this food is garbage and I should look for something else . He said cat food should have a protein followed by a carbohydrate as the first two ingredients . Science Diet does , in a very loose , by-product kind of way - ground up slaughterhouse leftovers and corn dust . Then they put a bunch of vitamins in it to make it `` healthy , '' instead of just using good ingredients from the beginning . Not that I care about spending money on the Bean , but this food is way too expensive for what it is.So we began transitioning her onto Wellness indoor formula about two weeks ago . She is still eating 50 percent Science Diet with 50 percent Wellness -LRB- you really should n't just give a cat different food one day out of the blue -RRB- but SHE NEVER FREAKS OUT ANYMORE . It 's amazing . And it 's 100 percent because she is eating real food now , along with that sawdust and chicken hearts I still regrettable have to feed her . We have her down to eating twice a day , only 1/3 cup in TOTAL . She was eating three times a day , 5/8 of a cup in total . Now she eats some in the morning , walks away , eats some more a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding . No more knocking things over , no more trashing Dad 's papers on the desk , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor . It 's incredible.I feel so bad that I was doing this to her for so long . We really thought she was just being dramatic or whatever . But no , she was genuinely hungry because she was n't eating any real food.Do your cat a favor - buy her or him so food made with real ingredients , things you would eat - Wellness , Halo , Innova , Evo , whatever . Figure it out for yourself , but please do n't feed your cat this . It 's garbage .
 I believe that people need to be aware of the fact that the kibble size of the Adult Oral Care Dry Cat Food is VERY large and presents a potential choking hazard to their pets . I transitioned my cat to this food from the Science Diet kitten formula when he was about 15 months old . From day one , I thought that the kibble size was abnormally large for cat food . I 've had cats for over twenty years , and have used many different cat food formulas . Never have I seen one with kibble this large . It is close to marble sized . It was so large that my cat would take one piece out of his bowl at a time to eat it.Even though I was concerned , I was naive enough to think that Hill 's would not manufacture a food that could in any way harm a person 's pet as Science Diet is highly recommended by many vets . I was terribly wrong . About a month after transitioning to this formula , I watched in horror as my beautiful little oriental shorthair stood choking after a piece of kibble got stuck in his mouth . For anyone who has ever witnessed this , it is a horrible sight . The poor little cat will pant and paw at the side of their face - as if they want to reach their paw into their mouth , but ca n't . I was extremely fortunate - as my boy was finally able to expel the piece of kibble from his mouth , which of course came out whole . I immediately threw the remainder of the food in the trash can . As painful as it was to watch , I considered it a warning . Had I not been home to witness the scene , it could have easily happened again with far more dire consequences.I subsequently wrote to Hill 's about my concern that this food presented a choking risk and received the most ridiculous and uncaring response that you can possibly imagine . First they felt compelled to tell me that this particular formula was designed to maintain oral care and that they had a different formula for adult cats . This was completely insulting as I was very much aware of that fact and had intentionally purchased the food for the stated oral care benefits . In addition , the fact that they have other formulas has nothing to do with the concern I have with this particular formula . Next they asked if I `` transitioned '' my cat to the new food , in what I can only interpret as a lame attempt at trying to make me feel as if I was somehow responsible for the situation . Short of putting the food into a blender , there would be no other appropriate way of `` transitioning '' one 's pet to avoid the risk of choking on this product.I do n't for one minute believe that my cat 's experience was an isolated occurence . If you are thinking about buying this product , please , please , please be aware of the risk as it is VERY real .
 This review will make me sound really stupid , but whatever . I do n't really care as long as people find out what 's real and can avoid my mistakes.I got my wonderful little sweet Bella Bean when she was a few days shy of three years old . She had been bounced around from house to house and eating whatever was cheap . I have had cats around me my entire life , for about twenty-five years now . My mother always just fed them whatever , the kinds of food you buy in the supermarket - Friskies , Nine Lives , Kit & Kaboodle , stuff like that . And our cats were always fine , at least in terms of their eating habits . They would eat in the morning , stop when they were done , come back , and eat some more when they got hungry.My housemate at the time was working for Hill 's and assured me that this was the best food ever made , so great , so on and so forth . I now know that she is an utter buffoon , but I initially trusted her judgment , which is so unfortunate because she does n't think . She also had plenty of coupons for free or deeply discounted bags , which made it a much more attractive choice.I first tried feeding the little Bean an unmeasured amount of Science Diet in a bowl , but that did n't work , as she would devour it in one sitting . So then I took to measuring it , and she did the same thing . Then I started parsing it out to twice a day . That did n't work either , because she would start going crazy in the middle of the day , running around , intentionally destroying things , deliberately spilling her water , crying , etc. , until she got more food . So then I split it into three servings . Same thing . Then it got to be four servings . That was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times . So then it went back to three . All the while , I was trying to reduce the amount of food I was feeding her to less than 3/4 of a cup because she was a little chubby . Reducing was hell . She became even more hungry , but I figured she would get used to it . Not really.For over a year , she would wake me up every morning looking for food in a serious way , knocking things off my desk , ripping up any paper she could find , scratching at the door and committing general acts of mischief . As soon as she got food , she was back to her sweet self , but only for three or four hours.We thought she was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder . She always wanted food . It was kind of funny but in the end it was just sad.A few weeks back , we took her to a new -LRB- good , non-money factory -RRB- vet for her second checkup since I 've had her . I talked with him about her being always hungry . He asked what she ate , and I told him the adult indoor Science Diet . Without saying as much , he basically told me that this food is garbage and I should look for something else . He said cat food should have a protein followed by a carbohydrate as the first two ingredients . Science Diet does , in a very loose , by-product kind of way - ground up slaughterhouse leftovers and corn dust . Then they put a bunch of vitamins in it to make it `` healthy , '' instead of just using good ingredients from the beginning . Not that I care about spending money on the Bean , but this food is way too expensive for what it is.So we began transitioning her onto Wellness indoor formula about two weeks ago . She is still eating 50 percent Science Diet with 50 percent Wellness -LRB- you really should n't just give a cat different food one day out of the blue -RRB- but SHE NEVER FREAKS OUT ANYMORE . It 's amazing . And it 's 100 percent because she is eating real food now , along with that sawdust and chicken hearts I still regrettable have to feed her . We have her down to eating twice a day , only 1/3 cup in TOTAL . She was eating three times a day , 5/8 of a cup in total . Now she eats some in the morning , walks away , eats some more a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding . No more knocking things over , no more trashing Dad 's papers on the desk , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor . It 's incredible.I feel so bad that I was doing this to her for so long . We really thought she was just being dramatic or whatever . But no , she was genuinely hungry because she was n't eating any real food.Do your cat a favor - buy her or him so food made with real ingredients , things you would eat - Wellness , Halo , Innova , Evo , whatever . Figure it out for yourself , but please do n't feed your cat this . It 's garbage .
 This review will make me sound really stupid , but whatever . I do n't really care as long as people find out what 's real and can avoid my mistakes.I got my wonderful little sweet Bella Bean when she was a few days shy of three years old . She had been bounced around from house to house and eating whatever was cheap . I have had cats around me my entire life , for about twenty-five years now . My mother always just fed them whatever , the kinds of food you buy in the supermarket - Friskies , Nine Lives , Kit & Kaboodle , stuff like that . And our cats were always fine , at least in terms of their eating habits . They would eat in the morning , stop when they were done , come back , and eat some more when they got hungry.My housemate at the time was working for Hill 's and assured me that this was the best food ever made , so great , so on and so forth . I now know that she is an utter buffoon , but I initially trusted her judgment , which is so unfortunate because she does n't think . She also had plenty of coupons for free or deeply discounted bags , which made it a much more attractive choice.I first tried feeding the little Bean an unmeasured amount of Science Diet in a bowl , but that did n't work , as she would devour it in one sitting . So then I took to measuring it , and she did the same thing . Then I started parsing it out to twice a day . That did n't work either , because she would start going crazy in the middle of the day , running around , intentionally destroying things , deliberately spilling her water , crying , etc. , until she got more food . So then I split it into three servings . Same thing . Then it got to be four servings . That was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times . So then it went back to three . All the while , I was trying to reduce the amount of food I was feeding her to less than 3/4 of a cup because she was a little chubby . Reducing was hell . She became even more hungry , but I figured she would get used to it . Not really.For over a year , she would wake me up every morning looking for food in a serious way , knocking things off my desk , ripping up any paper she could find , scratching at the door and committing general acts of mischief . As soon as she got food , she was back to her sweet self , but only for three or four hours.We thought she was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder . She always wanted food . It was kind of funny but in the end it was just sad.A few weeks back , we took her to a new -LRB- good , non-money factory -RRB- vet for her second checkup since I 've had her . I talked with him about her being always hungry . He asked what she ate , and I told him the adult indoor Science Diet . Without saying as much , he basically told me that this food is garbage and I should look for something else . He said cat food should have a protein followed by a carbohydrate as the first two ingredients . Science Diet does , in a very loose , by-product kind of way - ground up slaughterhouse leftovers and corn dust . Then they put a bunch of vitamins in it to make it `` healthy , '' instead of just using good ingredients from the beginning . Not that I care about spending money on the Bean , but this food is way too expensive for what it is.So we began transitioning her onto Wellness indoor formula about two weeks ago . She is still eating 50 percent Science Diet with 50 percent Wellness -LRB- you really should n't just give a cat different food one day out of the blue -RRB- but SHE NEVER FREAKS OUT ANYMORE . It 's amazing . And it 's 100 percent because she is eating real food now , along with that sawdust and chicken hearts I still regrettable have to feed her . We have her down to eating twice a day , only 1/3 cup in TOTAL . She was eating three times a day , 5/8 of a cup in total . Now she eats some in the morning , walks away , eats some more a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding . No more knocking things over , no more trashing Dad 's papers on the desk , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor . It 's incredible.I feel so bad that I was doing this to her for so long . We really thought she was just being dramatic or whatever . But no , she was genuinely hungry because she was n't eating any real food.Do your cat a favor - buy her or him so food made with real ingredients , things you would eat - Wellness , Halo , Innova , Evo , whatever . Figure it out for yourself , but please do n't feed your cat this . It 's garbage .
 This review will make me sound really stupid , but whatever . I do n't really care as long as people find out what 's real and can avoid my mistakes.I got my wonderful little sweet Bella Bean when she was a few days shy of three years old . She had been bounced around from house to house and eating whatever was cheap . I have had cats around me my entire life , for about twenty-five years now . My mother always just fed them whatever , the kinds of food you buy in the supermarket - Friskies , Nine Lives , Kit & Kaboodle , stuff like that . And our cats were always fine , at least in terms of their eating habits . They would eat in the morning , stop when they were done , come back , and eat some more when they got hungry.My housemate at the time was working for Hill 's and assured me that this was the best food ever made , so great , so on and so forth . I now know that she is an utter buffoon , but I initially trusted her judgment , which is so unfortunate because she does n't think . She also had plenty of coupons for free or deeply discounted bags , which made it a much more attractive choice.I first tried feeding the little Bean an unmeasured amount of Science Diet in a bowl , but that did n't work , as she would devour it in one sitting . So then I took to measuring it , and she did the same thing . Then I started parsing it out to twice a day . That did n't work either , because she would start going crazy in the middle of the day , running around , intentionally destroying things , deliberately spilling her water , crying , etc. , until she got more food . So then I split it into three servings . Same thing . Then it got to be four servings . That was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times . So then it went back to three . All the while , I was trying to reduce the amount of food I was feeding her to less than 3/4 of a cup because she was a little chubby . Reducing was hell . She became even more hungry , but I figured she would get used to it . Not really.For over a year , she would wake me up every morning looking for food in a serious way , knocking things off my desk , ripping up any paper she could find , scratching at the door and committing general acts of mischief . As soon as she got food , she was back to her sweet self , but only for three or four hours.We thought she was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder . She always wanted food . It was kind of funny but in the end it was just sad.A few weeks back , we took her to a new -LRB- good , non-money factory -RRB- vet for her second checkup since I 've had her . I talked with him about her being always hungry . He asked what she ate , and I told him the adult indoor Science Diet . Without saying as much , he basically told me that this food is garbage and I should look for something else . He said cat food should have a protein followed by a carbohydrate as the first two ingredients . Science Diet does , in a very loose , by-product kind of way - ground up slaughterhouse leftovers and corn dust . Then they put a bunch of vitamins in it to make it `` healthy , '' instead of just using good ingredients from the beginning . Not that I care about spending money on the Bean , but this food is way too expensive for what it is.So we began transitioning her onto Wellness indoor formula about two weeks ago . She is still eating 50 percent Science Diet with 50 percent Wellness -LRB- you really should n't just give a cat different food one day out of the blue -RRB- but SHE NEVER FREAKS OUT ANYMORE . It 's amazing . And it 's 100 percent because she is eating real food now , along with that sawdust and chicken hearts I still regrettable have to feed her . We have her down to eating twice a day , only 1/3 cup in TOTAL . She was eating three times a day , 5/8 of a cup in total . Now she eats some in the morning , walks away , eats some more a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding . No more knocking things over , no more trashing Dad 's papers on the desk , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor . It 's incredible.I feel so bad that I was doing this to her for so long . We really thought she was just being dramatic or whatever . But no , she was genuinely hungry because she was n't eating any real food.Do your cat a favor - buy her or him so food made with real ingredients , things you would eat - Wellness , Halo , Innova , Evo , whatever . Figure it out for yourself , but please do n't feed your cat this . It 's garbage .
 I was given a sample by my vet and my cats LOVED the stuff . I immediately saw that the amount they ate of this food was much more than their usual grain-free food , they seemed to be starving and feeding all the time . They also became less energized than usual , my cats are Siamese and are constantly running after each other and very active with their toys . They became lethargic and were not as interested in their usual activities . I called my vet and she suggested catnip and not to worry , hmm , never needed catnip before ... Well I did worry , and did my research . Online I found that Science Diet 's pride and joy is their belief in using corn and other grains , you also need a chemistry major in order to fully understand their ingredient list . Last time I checked my cats were obligate carnivores and was distressed that such a food was suggested , no less by my vet . Further research I found that the reason Science Diet is so recommended by vets is because Science Diet spends quite a bit of money in the major vet schools in the nation . They also give an incredible amount of money and support to many animal hospitals and shelters , for that I commend them much ! I will give credit when credit is due , I think is wonderful that they give so much charity . With that said this food is nothing more than kibble , I can see why my cats were so hungry all the time , this food did not provide the energy they required . Going back to grain-fee , the first ingredients in this product are rice and corn.Also the fact that this food is so expensive when is no different that the kibble in supermarket stores is ludicrous !
 No seriously , this is ridiculous , $ 45 for a bag of corn for obligate carnivores ? brewers rice , corn gluten meal ? wheres the meat?Not to mention unnamed animal fat which could be anything including roadkill and euthanized shelter animals . There are much better quality grain free foods that cost less then this .
 This review will make me sound really stupid , but whatever . I do n't really care as long as people find out what 's real and can avoid my mistakes.I got my wonderful little sweet Bella Bean when she was a few days shy of three years old . She had been bounced around from house to house and eating whatever was cheap . I have had cats around me my entire life , for about twenty-five years now . My mother always just fed them whatever , the kinds of food you buy in the supermarket - Friskies , Nine Lives , Kit & Kaboodle , stuff like that . And our cats were always fine , at least in terms of their eating habits . They would eat in the morning , stop when they were done , come back , and eat some more when they got hungry.My housemate at the time was working for Hill 's and assured me that this was the best food ever made , so great , so on and so forth . I now know that she is an utter buffoon , but I initially trusted her judgment , which is so unfortunate because she does n't think . She also had plenty of coupons for free or deeply discounted bags , which made it a much more attractive choice.I first tried feeding the little Bean an unmeasured amount of Science Diet in a bowl , but that did n't work , as she would devour it in one sitting . So then I took to measuring it , and she did the same thing . Then I started parsing it out to twice a day . That did n't work either , because she would start going crazy in the middle of the day , running around , intentionally destroying things , deliberately spilling her water , crying , etc. , until she got more food . So then I split it into three servings . Same thing . Then it got to be four servings . That was a little better , but it was too much maintenance and unrealistic to be around every day to feed her four times . So then it went back to three . All the while , I was trying to reduce the amount of food I was feeding her to less than 3/4 of a cup because she was a little chubby . Reducing was hell . She became even more hungry , but I figured she would get used to it . Not really.For over a year , she would wake me up every morning looking for food in a serious way , knocking things off my desk , ripping up any paper she could find , scratching at the door and committing general acts of mischief . As soon as she got food , she was back to her sweet self , but only for three or four hours.We thought she was bored , we thought she was a little nutty , and maybe even had a kitty eating disorder . She always wanted food . It was kind of funny but in the end it was just sad.A few weeks back , we took her to a new -LRB- good , non-money factory -RRB- vet for her second checkup since I 've had her . I talked with him about her being always hungry . He asked what she ate , and I told him the adult indoor Science Diet . Without saying as much , he basically told me that this food is garbage and I should look for something else . He said cat food should have a protein followed by a carbohydrate as the first two ingredients . Science Diet does , in a very loose , by-product kind of way - ground up slaughterhouse leftovers and corn dust . Then they put a bunch of vitamins in it to make it `` healthy , '' instead of just using good ingredients from the beginning . Not that I care about spending money on the Bean , but this food is way too expensive for what it is.So we began transitioning her onto Wellness indoor formula about two weeks ago . She is still eating 50 percent Science Diet with 50 percent Wellness -LRB- you really should n't just give a cat different food one day out of the blue -RRB- but SHE NEVER FREAKS OUT ANYMORE . It 's amazing . And it 's 100 percent because she is eating real food now , along with that sawdust and chicken hearts I still regrettable have to feed her . We have her down to eating twice a day , only 1/3 cup in TOTAL . She was eating three times a day , 5/8 of a cup in total . Now she eats some in the morning , walks away , eats some more a few hours later , and then looks for dinner about twelve hours after her initial feeding . No more knocking things over , no more trashing Dad 's papers on the desk , no more howling , no more deliberately spilled water on the floor . It 's incredible.I feel so bad that I was doing this to her for so long . We really thought she was just being dramatic or whatever . But no , she was genuinely hungry because she was n't eating any real food.Do your cat a favor - buy her or him so food made with real ingredients , things you would eat - Wellness , Halo , Innova , Evo , whatever . Figure it out for yourself , but please do n't feed your cat this . It 's garbage .
 I own a number of Safari brushes and combs . They are great . So , I figured this clipper would be equal in quality . Boy , was I wrong ! This product is terrible ! The first time I tried to use it , it did not cut completely through my dog 's toenail . I had to tear it off the rest of the way . On the other nails , it left a very frayed edge . This nail clipper is total garbage . I immediately returned it .
 Purchased this in the LARGE size -LRB- MEANT FOR MEDIUM TO LARGE-SIZED DOGS -RRB- to clip my German Shepherd 's nails and sorry I did . It 's not sharp enough and does n't cut well , no matter how I hold it and instead of cutting his nails , it crushes , cracks and splinters them . In addition , this is made very flimsy with the handles flexing and bending during use and the blade assembly flexing and not cutting straight . Judging by the way he squirmed and whined , it must hurt him too . -LRB- The professional scissor-type version was n't any better either . -RRB- It might work better for a smaller dog , but not for a larger one . Will not use this again . Instead , bought a Dremel brand nail grinder with a rechargeable battery pack which works wonderfully and he does n't mind getting his nails done at all . Hope this helps some pet avoid discomfort .
 We had misplaced the trimmer we 've had for several years , so I ordered this one . The first time I used this on my cat 's first claw , she actually yelped in agony.The explanation is simple
 Bought this a while back for my mastiff . A few clips in and he was visibly unhappy about me clipping his nails . This was after reading instructions , watching online videos , and having my vet show me how to use them . I thought it was me because when the vet clips him , my dog is OK . Then we got a second dog , a puppy . When she was a small puppy , I was using a small scissor type nail clipper . She did well with those . She did n't mind me cutting her nails at all . When she got big enough , I went to use this clipper and it was a whole different story . After two cuts , she went running . It got to the point that if I grabbed them , she would run to her crate . It was inexplicable that a pup I groomed to be OK with nail clipping all of a sudden reacted so poorly . She also was fine when a groomer used a guillotine clipper on her . All I can come up with is there 's something wrong with these clippers . The assembly seems loose but it gets no tighter .
 I have two large dogs and it is very difficult to trim their nails with this trimmer . I have to apply a lot of pressure to get it to cut through their nails . The nail guard is nice , but for my big dogs , it does not allow me to cut off enough nail . I feel like these would be great for small dogs but not big dogs .
 Purchased this in the LARGE size -LRB- MEANT FOR MEDIUM TO LARGE-SIZED DOGS -RRB- to clip my German Shepherd 's nails and sorry I did . It 's not sharp enough and does n't cut well , no matter how I hold it and instead of cutting his nails , it crushes , cracks and splinters them . Judging by the way he squirmed and whined , it must hurt him too . -LRB- The guillotine version was n't any better either . -RRB- It might work better for a smaller dog , but not for a larger one . Will not use this again . Instead , bought a Dremel brand nail grinder with a rechargeable battery pack which works wonderfully and he does n't mind getting his nails done at all . Hope this helps some pet avoid discomfort .
 After using the trimmer a few times , the guard will not stay in place . I only feel comfortable cutting my dog 's nails with the guard up , so now I have to buy another one . I would n't recommend this trimmer .
 States `` large nail trimmer for dogs . '' Once received its for small to medium dogs . Why would the word LARGE be in the title for small or medium dogs ? Guess these will be thrown in the garbage and I will take my dog to the groomer as usual for nail clippings . The actual word LARGE appears nowhere on the packaging at all ... false advertisement if you as me .
 our lab does not like this ... it is supposedly good because it has a guard to keep you from trimming the nails to short , but we still made her nails bleed . it was sad .
 Clippers cut my 70lb Dutch Sheppard 's nails easily but Hard to judge where clipper is cutting on black nails . I hit quite a few quick 's . Will never use again !!
 Because it 's labeled as a `` pet nail '' trimmer , as opposed to just a `` dog nail '' trimmer , I mistakenly assumed these clippers would be appropriate for use with my two medium-large cats . I was very wrong . The clippers are too large and do n't provide a good view of the nail while clipping . The nail guide , which might be appropriate for dogs , caused a cut that was significantly too short for my cats . One clip was all it took for me to abandon this clippers , while simultaneously trying to stop poor kitty 's bleeding quick . Still , I will probably offer them to a friend who owns a dog , for which I suspect they will work better .
 The product picture shows three cans of the product . I thought I was buying 3 items not just one . This is disappointing .
 The item pictured is a black mesh-walled crate . That 's what I thought I ordered . But what arrived -LRB- in an obviously opened and re-taped box -RRB- was a taupe fabric-enclosed crate with a mesh door on top and in the front . I think I read another reviewer here say it was the `` new '' model , and it was no good . I should have listened , but instead , I took my chances I 'd get the right product.The worst part is , this crate is not secure . I followed the instructions for setting up the crate . You pull on a pin and the metal poles pop into place -LRB- like tent poles -RRB- . But , they do n't lock properly , and if you push a little bit on the outside , or pull on the poles from the inside , it collapses . If my dog pawed or pulled on the poles with her teeth , the tent could easily collapse on her . I promptly returned it . This product should be taken off the market , it is unsafe.I sent display feedback to Amazon , so hopefully , they will at least change the picture . Better yet , they should stop carrying this item before someone 's dog gets injured .
 I bought the ABo Dog digs pet crate . the crate I received was not the one pictured . I travel alot so I did n't get to open for almost a month and then i thought about whether I wanted it . I decided I did n't . . and had n't used it . They refused to take it back . . they said the product info said no returns . I went back to the ad and there was nothing any where that said that .
 My small dog , was out in minutes , she chewed and clawed her way through the netting , I then turned it upside down , she came straight through the nylon within a few minutes , this item is absolutely worthless .
 This crate only lasted 2 days before it fell apart . If you have an active dog that gets excited when you return then do not buy this - our lab went right threw the mesh/screen like it was not even there . What a waste of money .
 Well , that 's the last time I ignore bad reviews.Based on the concept and my needs , this travel crate seemed perfect . And maybe if my dog was supervised the entire time while inside it , he would n't have chewed his way through the mesh immediately.And maybe if companies did n't make crap products , this would n't have happened at all.I have an eight-month old puppy who does just fine in his hard-shelled crate . I left him alone for two hours while in a business meeting and he chewed right through this one.I was under the impression that products designed for dogs should be durable and well-built . Apparantely that 's a sentiment not shared by this company.FAIL .
 Our little mouse died because we used this bedding.The `` grass '' in this product is long strands of tough , thin , fibers -- like a tangle of long , tiny wires.The day after we put some of this stuff in with our smallest mouse , I noticed that he had n't moved in several hours from the center of a clump of the bedding.Looking closer , I saw that there were strands of grass wound tightly around his back right leg , which had become horribly distended in his efforts to free himself . The grass was also wrapped around his neck and other limbs , trapping him completely.After several minutes of careful snipping , I was able to free our dear little mouse , but it was too late . He died shortly thereafter . Whether it was his inability to reach food and water while trapped , the mangling of his poor leg , or the stress of the whole ordeal that killed him , we do n't know . But we greatly regret putting this sweet little creature in such peril .
 I bought this for my indoor cats and they both promptly freaked when I zipped them in it ... it 's too confining on its own and seemed like a glorified cage . However , I purchased a pop-up tent of the same material and purpose and attached the two together with twist ties , and they seem to enjoy that much more b/c it 's much more spacious . Perhaps I should 've bought two of these and that would 've worked . . however just one unit is not enough for a normal sized cat .
 I have five indoors cats . I purchased one of these tubes to see if my cats would enjoy it.Sadly , I have not had the greatest experience with this product . I purchased it from another online retailer . When it arrived it was packed well and product appeared brand new . I was disappointed to find that the seam on one end of the tube was unfinished leaving a one and half inch gap where the zipper closes . I ended up sewing it closed myself . After just a few uses one of the metal rings that gives this shape is protruding out.My other issue is a warning to anybody that purchases this tube !!! Make sure you use a large safety pin on each of the zippered ends . One of my cats was able to jiggle the zipper open and escape the tube . I caught her and she is fine but I just want to stress that a cat can jiggle the zippers open.I encountered another safety issue in storing this product . Granted this was probably partially my fault but I want to warn others.Here is what happened . This tube compresses down very easily to size so that it may be stored in a nylon bag that comes with the product . I had compressed this down after my cats were done using it . I did not zip up both ends though I had left one end unzipped -RRB- I then placed it in it 's bag.The bag has a small piece of Velcro as a closure but it does n't close the bag up completely . I had also tied the bags handles together loosely . I then stored it next to my sofa . I work nights . When I get home every morning ALL my cats great me . Well on this morning one of my `` girls '' was missing.I searched my small condo and then I heard the cries ... My cat Ashley had some how slipped into the open space in the bag and went into the unzipped end and in her struggle this tube partly expanded trapping her inside ... She was mess !!! I now keep this outside in my deck box . !!!! Warning store with both ends zippered closed !!! What do my cats think about ? It 's a mixed bag . Two detested it and protest loudly if I try to leave them in it for more than five minutes . The other three love it ! My initial thoughts were that I was going to buy a few of these so that all of my cats could go out at once . I plan on looking into other portable cat enclosures .
 We bought two of these products anticipating purchasing at least 8 more to create a fun run for our adopted stray cat . Initial impression was very good . The first unit was well made and of good quality . It was about 5 foot in length , good but we wanted longer , so we tried connecting two , as the description on the package said we could do . Unfortunately we found that the zippered end openings were not designed to be connected , despite what the literature says . There was no way we could get the zippered ends zipped together and we found the zippers were not designed to go together . So , much to our disappointment , we returned them to the vendor . Do note , we wanted to put together 10 of these , so this was a big lost sale to the vendor.This is a good idea ! One unit is fine for a turtle , but we wanted a fun run for our cat . We would like to see a product that connects easily , is cat proof , is about 3 foot in width and at least 10 foot in length . We are looking to provide our cats -LRB- particularly Ray the Stray -RRB- with at least 30 feet of running space .
 I hooked this tunnel up to the mesh tent and my cat likes it . BUT I 've only had it a few weeks now and the zipper is starting to break which is unbelievable considering that they are charging almost $ 30 for this little tunnel thing . If I had known it would break that quickly I would not have gotten it .
 This is a great product , I 've been using it for about seven years . However , the size that ships is the new 14oz re-sealable pouch rather than the 32 oz box that is pictured here . I had searched specifically for the larger box so was disappointed when these arrived . The seller needs to update the image .
 I have a puppy with mange have taken to vet , did the vet med , and antibiotics . Vet said the problem may reoccur since it has to do with the dogs immunity development ... anyways . saw that the condition was starting to reoccur , did n't want to use harsh chemicals , decided to try something more natural and otc . Looked this product up and the reviews looked good and the product seemed promising . Waited for the package to arrive , it came but the container for the product seal was broken , and it seemed that maybe this product might be expired . I used it anyways , did for a week , it did nothing but stain a new shirt of mine , did not relive any itching or any other symptom of the mange . I called a couple of weeks later to ask for a refund , and the company said that since the product was opened that i could not receive a refund , I explained to them the product was open when i received it , , but they said they could not and would not help me . last time i buy anything from that store .
 This ointment did nothing to help even clear up the slightest skin rash , help to soften up dry skin or anything that the description said it would . Very disappointed .
 Bought this toy for my blue heeler for christmas . He loved it at first and really chewed on it . When he chewed on it little pieces of the rubber came off in small flakes and made his sick ! A waste of money !
 Please be advised ... we bought this toy for our pitt because we heard it was super tough . It was great until he started tearing it apart with his teeth and shredding it . Okay , no big deal , he shreds lots of toys which is why we bought it in the first place . I took the toy away , but about 2 hours later he started throwing up ... and throwing up and throwing up ! Poor puppy got sick at least 9 times in the space of one hour . I did some research and found that this toy was making a lot of dogs very sick . Look it up on rufftoyreviews.com.This is a very dangerous toy .
 If you are looking for a strong chew toy for a lab puppy this is not the toy . Our 6 month lab puppy was able to chew a chunk of the tirebiter paw tracks off within an hour of giving it to him . Within 3 hours he had shredded it . We were so hopeful this toy would last but he unfortunately destroyed it .
 It might be OK for small young cats who will eat about anything , but my large older cats ignored it after the first few bites , perhaps because the size , shape and texture of the individual bits is wrong for them . The bits are very small , hard , and have pointed tips , perhaps making them uncomfortable to chew . My adult cats go for the kinds of dry food that have much larger and rounder chunks .
 We were prescribed these for a yeast infection in the paws of our dog . We were using them 2-3 times per day without any big improvements . We eventually had to have him put on oral medications to treat the infection . Maybe they would have worked on an infection in the early stages . I would n't use them again .
 I very rarely feel a need to give a product a very poor rating ; however , this items was just that crappy . I tried over and over to get it to vacuum debris off the bottom of my aquarium ; however , all it did was siphon water and very little debris / fish waste . Even the siphon was extremely slow . I mean for the price I paid I was not expecting miracles and magical results ; I did expect it to vacuum `` clean '' my aquarium . This is pretty much just a siphoning device for water , not a cleaner/vacuum ... it is just too weak for that in my honest opinion . I guess I am going to have to buck up and get the sixty-buck aquarium vac again to replace my other one that broke.So buy this if you just need to siphon some water and have the patience to wait while it does that every slowly . If you need a cleaner/vacuum , stay away from this !!!
 This hose is complete JUNK , a terrible successor to the Python . The Nozzle never worked . I had to use a Python replacement -LRB- I found online -RRB- . The connecter valves broke -LRB- leaking , and the switch completely snapped off -RRB- after 3 uses , I ordered a replacement valve and that does n't work either ! Water leaking all over . Not to mention , the hose is just more narrow enough to make drawing water a HUGE challenge . I have used the Python for years , and was told this was the exact same thing
 I bought this item for my cats a few years ago . I thought they would love to go in and out of it and sleep in it too . Well they both looked at it once and then ignored it ! They NEVER went in it or even looked at it after that . I ended up selling it to a neighbor along with my cat hammock -LRB- another loser ! -RRB-
 Do n't bother with this cat toy ! Last year I bought one each for my cat , my daughter 's cat , and my friend 's cat ; the three cats were different ages -LRB- from 4 to 14 -RRB- and different sizes . Not one of the three would have anything to do with this
 I have two Siamese cats , both of whom enjoy playing in bags and boxes . Neither of them ever went in this thing . Personally , I thought the product was well made . It had strong material , some toys to bat hanging around , and some wire around the outside of the opening so it would stay open enough for the cats to see there was a place to go -LRB- as opposed to bags with no wire that fall flat and the cats just walk on top of -RRB- . But if the cats wo n't use it , the construction is moot .
 I thought this item was cute and bought three for my cats . Being cats , they decided that they did n't like these fish bags one bit . The product was cute , and well made . It just did n't appeal to my cats.If you have multiple cats , just buy one and see what the cats think before ordering more .
 I bought this outside of amazon . Now i have to buy a new one with a different brand.It works as a water changer.It fails as a gravel cleaner . If you , like me , try to suck up all the junk at the bottom of the tank , your chances of success is lower than 25 % . Some does come up , but after a half tank of water gone at full faucet pressure , you are better off looking elsewhere . The connections on each of its sections are not air tight . This meaning that pressure for suction is low . Especially at the water faucet end , the blue adapter just never stay sealed.Lee 's is a great company , I especially love their in tank filters . But this product does n't work for me . Decide for yourself .
 i bought this gravel vac together with my aquarium , not on amazon . the way it works -LRB- or should work -RRB-
 I bought this from PETCO , not Amazon . It did not come with any written insctructions . The first time I used it , it worked ok . The second time I used it the faucet adapter could no longer screw into the faucet , making this product a worthless waste of money .
 The heating element inside the pad is much , much smaller than the pad . It does not heat the entire pad nor is it weight activated as stated by the manufacturer . The heat simply does not quickly dissipate when an animal is lying on top of the heated area . The small heated area . My cats do happily use them every day though . Their favorite is a mat I purchased two years ago , from the same manufacturer , with a heater that fills the entire pad . I bought that mat on sale for less than the cost of these newer , smaller mats with the tiny heater . I 'd give this more recent purchase a three rating , even a four , for the warmth and comfort provided since my cats are not offended by the manufacturer 's deceptive advertising . After making a complaint I decided to keep the mats . It was not worth my time , effort or return postage to send them back . For misleading buyers a one or zero would be appropriate . Average it out for a two star rating .
 My original aquarium vacuum piece that was very similar to this broke after having and using it over two years . I found this similar item for a reasonable price and was pretty happy considering if I had to replace the entire vacuum assembly it was going to cost me well over $ 35 . Well low and behold I used it once GENTLY and it has now snapped in half rendering it completely useless.One thing I was immediately disappointed about with this product was as soon as I began hooking it up I realized that it has a design that makes it much more complicated than it should be . It 's difficult to describe but basically the part that you actually screw onto your faucet has another piece within that feature that is not permanently attached -LRB- the one on my other vacuum piece was permanently attached -RRB- . On this piece it was able to unscrew and I have no idea why it was designed that way because there is absolutely no reason you would ever want to have those two pieces separated . Well , this created a huge problem for attaching it to a faucet it because while you are trying to screw the one part onto your faucet it works against the other part inside -LRB- meaning it is unscrewing that part while you are trying to make sure the outside part is screwed tightly to your faucet -RRB- . Twice while trying to attach it to my faucet the other part of the piece -LRB- not attached to the actual faucet -RRB- would just unscrew completely and fall off . Not only that but when you try to make the inner part as tight as you can , so as not to let it fall off while screwing onto your faucet , it is extremely difficult to make it tighter because it 's all inside the main part and difficult to get to unless you have a specialized wrench . I did my best to make it tight but of course , as I said , I made it through one use and now it is completely broke and I have to purchase another one.Naturally I wo n't be purchasing this same product again but will be buying a more expensive version , the one I should have just paid the extra money for to begin with because clearly I lost money on this good for nothing knock off !
 The picture depicting the product made it look like you would be receiving the hose with the super pump , as I was in need of a hose , being the primary reason I ordered this product . I only received the super pump unlike the photo depicts the product to be . It appears to be quite deceptive and extremely misleading the way the picture was displayed .
 Well it did n't work on any of the 10 dogs I have . I did better with a cheap pressed paper sand file . So go to WalMart or your favorite grocery store and buy a pack of those or check to see if they have a real good people file that will work on your dogs , if that is what you bought this file for . I seldom give bad ratings but I want to save other people 's time and money on this item .
 I trim my bichons nails about once a month , he spends most of his time indoors and therefore even after cutting his nails with the small nail clipper they are n't smooth enough and he ends up scratching my little stepsons skin . Safari Professional Pet Nail TrimmerSafari Professional Pet Nail Trimmer , Small/Medium , Small/Medium I bought a nail file made for dogs Pet Nail File but disappointingly it did n't remove the spurs and rough edges that remained.Professional Nail Files , Black 100/180 - This nail file is perfect for the job , and it cost much less . Hope this helps .
 I have a golden and she is shedding like no ones business at 10 months old . I use both sides of this brush and it barely removes much hair . I have to brush her forever to get all the extra hair out where as if i use my cat brush on her , it pulls a lot more hair out . I 'll be looking for a new brush .
 my puppy , a pomaranium , did not like it.it was too rough on her and she bit at the whole time i used it on hher
 It 's hard to find enough words to cover this product success or not . It arrived promptly and is very well made but not for too many dogs . The two rows of teeth would tear fur out on some dogs . I did n't think it thru properly but I can see that it just is n't right for any dog with a wiry coat or thick deep fur . Not that is is n't a well made product but it 's just not going to work for me .
 Purchased this to DE-flea my miniature snows-er . The comb metal bristles bent easily in the dog hair . The product is built quite cheap . I would not recommend .
 Bought because of good reviews . It does n't ' work well on long hair chihuahua . It misses flea eggs . Went back to using a single row comb and tossed this one out .
 This comb just does n't ` grab ' the hair on my pug , and slides right over the top of the coat . Not entirely impressed , but I can see where this would be effective on a medium - or long-haired dog .
 I would give 0 stars if it were possible . I have four dogs and a cat and have tried a variety of flea combs and pet products . I ordered this comb , and I have to say , it is the worst I have ever used . With the double row of teeth , you ca n't see if you are getting fleas off , the teeth are not spaced well for flea combing , and it is somewhat unwieldy / chunky . The double row of teeth is by far the worst feature - it allows more fleas to escape from the comb back onto the pet or elsewhere , makes it difficult to see what you are doing , and makes it almost impossible to dislodge fleas that are deep in the coat . I picked up a $ 2 flea comb at a grocery store check-out that worked far better than this and returned this product to Amazon . This product is just too ineffective and frustrating to use .
 The title says it all . Fleas and flea dirt and probably -LRB- flea eggs , too -RRB- gets caught between the rows of teeth and there 's no way to clean it . gross . Running it under water wo n't work . I do n't want the comb sitting around my house . Trying to decide if it 's worth it to try and return .
 I do n't know how this flea comb got so many positive reviews . It is ineffective in catching fleas . The double row of teeth does n't help . I think the problem is that the teeth are too spaced apart . I was n't even able to catch one flea . I bought two from amazon 's site . It was so bad that I ended up throwing both of them out . Anyway , I 'm sticking with the disposable plastic flea comb that my vet gave me . It is much cheaper and it gets the job done .
 The thing it tiny . I mean , really small . Handle 's size is to fit maybe 8 year old 's hand . I have small hands -LRB- I 'm wearing size small in my motorcycle gloves -RRB- and holding this thing would be like Barbie 's brash my younger sister played with many years ago . The whole thing is no longer than the size of my hand . The brushing part is no longer than about 2 inches.I did n't buy it for flea but to be able to more easily brush my dog under his neck . It will be returned to Amazon .
 This is not the products that I recieved . I am totally dissatisfied with this purchase . I paid for this item but recieved a cheap plastic nit comb I could buy at the drug store . I may not use Amazon again .
 Was not worth the purchase . Since fleas jump it is nearly impossible for this comb to accomplish anything . Will definetely not purchase anything of this sort !
 The brush is much smaller than I expected . Instead of being the described `` 1.5 x 3.2 x 9 inches '' - it is instead just 11/2 inches x 13/8 x 61/4 inches . It 's child-size - about half the size described . Someone with large hands wo n't be able to use it . I have small -LRB- male -RRB- hands , and it is swallowed in mine . - I now understand the review that complained about the length of the handle , which I did n't understand before ordering.It should be noted that the only favorable reviews refer to use with kittens . For adult cats with an adult fur coat , it is worthless . The ultra-soft bristles wo n't penetrate into the fur and it wo n't brush anything out of my cat 's fur . - And that 's in addition to the TINY ridiculous size . I have tossed it out .
 The brush is top-heavy and the handle is too light and too short . You 've got to keep a decent grip on the handle , or the brush will `` escape '' from you while combing a cat . The brush just does n't feel balanced at all while holding it .
 In my opinion , the brush is too small and the bristles to long and soft to be effective at brushing a cat or dog 's coat . It might be ok for puppies and kittens , but not for adult dogs or cats . Bottom line is , the brush just too small . I do n't recommend buying this item . I bought it only as a filler to meet the $ 25 free shipping requirement . But , I expect a better brush .
 It turns out that you have to give the item a star with Amazon in order to publish , so I was forced to give it one star when it merits a NO STAR rating . TThe item is plastic like children 's dinosaurs , nothing like the box . I knew that when I bought it and was alright with that as it is in keeping with my decorating scheme for frog tanks -LRB- think `` Land of the Lost '' the original 70 's show -RRB- . Penn Plax normally has decent quality ornaments , but in this case the item is not even functional . Nor is it particularly decorative . If you are looking for a plastic decoration that suctions to the side of an aquarium tank , then their Cliffs and Caves models , while totally camp , at least works . That is to say , the suction cups hold the weight of the thing in place strongly when you push it into place along the glass.This item is worthless as a plasticky ironic decoration AND as a functional object !! I would n't buy it if I were you , and I am returning mine .
 I ordered two of these mats.They came rolled and folded , the finish was buckled in the folds and one mat was ripped . The backing is fabric and stays wet.They are totally non-functional !
 This hideout is far too small for my guinea pigs . I 'm guessing the animal in the photo is a hamster ! They are nibbling on it a little bit but otherwise it takes up space in the cage and they never go under it .
 Since Super Pet is so cagey about what kind of wood they use in their products , I asked them outright . This is what I got back from customer service : `` hank you for your recent e-mail . The Tropical Fiddlesticks are made from miscellaneous branches such as oak and fir . We hope this information is helpful . Thank you for your support of Super Pet products . `` BOTH OF THOSE TYPES OF WOOD ARE TOXIC TO CHINCHILLAS .
 Cat hates this as she will not even go near it . I wish I did not buy 36lbs of this but oh well .
 I have three large breed dogs and was excited to see these new chews that said `` long lasting '' . I got them home and gave them to my dogs and they ATE them in about 3 minutes ! I paid $ 4.92 plus tax EACH for these in a store and it was the most expensive SNACK I 've ever bought !
 The cans came very badly dented ! Half of them were crushed on the top , and a couple were dented on the side .
 This item is priced for a case but only one can ships . I ordered a case of the Chicken and Turkey canned food . The Chicken came as a case
 I tried a case of this for my nine cats , and NONE of them would eat it . I gave the last 10 cans to someone who has 20 farm cats -LRB- 20 cats will manage to eat ANYTHING vaguely edible to cats , right ? 20 cats might eat YOU if you 're not careful -RRB- . Those cats did n't like this food either.I 'm not sure how Wysong managed to get cats to not like chicken , but they did it .
 We purchased this product because of good customer reviews . We used it several times and it did nothing for our grass.It came packaged in a plastic bag . Thank goodness . The entire contents of the bottle had spilled out during delivery . We had to literally pour the bag back into the bottle so that we had some product to use .
 This grooved plastic spoon is no better than a tweezer at removing firmly attached ticks . Unless the critter is completely fat and bloated by blood and nearly ready to drop off on its own , you will leave the head in the wound just like you will with tweezers . We 've tried and tried to make it work , but it 's really hard to get a tick 's head out when it 's firmly buried in a cat 's fur . It might work better on dogs , but I have n't tried that since I do n't have dogs.I 'll keep looking and I 'll expect to pay more for the right tool . Sadly , this little plastic spoon is n't the right tool . ** Edit
 I 've been removing ticks for years , and this tool is a very crude approach to tick removal . I just found a tick on my dog -- first of the season -- and tried -LRB- for the first time -RRB- using this tick tool which I had bought several years ago . It is a BLUNT object and I spent 15 minutes trying to remove a moderate-sized tick with it and finally gave up in frustration . There are better devices on the market . Do n't waste your money .
 i had high hopes for this product but our container is still sitting in the fridge ... the ingredient list sounds awesome , but both of our cats hate it sprinkled on their raw food . they prefer TC Instincts .
 these were TINY and made out of very lightweight plastic . i gave one to my cat and in under a minute , she had chewed off the ball tip and was choking . STAY AWAY .
 I 've lived in my apt for about 4 months now , during which my little dog decided he was going to use my dining room as a pee pad . I did n't even know until I moved my dining table and chairs . There were yellow stains all over ! Luckily it 's a very small room , so I did n't think I 'd have to buy a lot of product . I decided to try Natures Miracle -LRB- I work at a pet store and it gets fabulous reviews from our customers -RRB- Wow , this stuff is not only expensive , but it 's not working , at all ! I followed the directions , and after it finally dried , my house smelt three times as bad ! I started smelling around my carpet , and where I used the Natures Miracle smelled a little like cleaner , and a whole lot like dog urine . I decided to go over the spots again , since these stains were most likely a few months old . This time I saturated the spots , and used a Bissell Spot Bot to suck up the stain and urine . Again . Nothing . And I used the entire gallon !! I even tried using vinegar , and sprinkling it with baking soda ... The baking soda did turn yellow , so obviously the urine was still there . I do n't know what to do anymore ! My house reaks , and I 've spent a lot of money . Help !
 I used to swear by this product . We had a kitten who had out-of-the-box issues , and we 'd use this and the urine smell would disappear.Well , the last bottle I bought was extremely unimpressive ! I did some digging online and discovered that in 2003 , Nature 's Miracle decided to end their relationship with the company who created the enzyme mixture.I guess they figured that they had so much word of mouth about how wonderful their product was that they could just sell us the name and not the actual Miracle!So
 This product did NOT take away the smell of urine at all !!! I spent 4 hours trying to remove the urine smell from my carpet due to my puppy 's accident and the odor is still there . I used the whole $ 12 bottle !!!!
 I have a dog that had decided to start urinating in spots on my floor . I didnt realize it untill I started smelling it . I bought a black light kit that had a sample of Stink-Free in it , but had heard so many great thing about Natures Miracle , I disregarded the stink free product and bought a big bottle of Natures Miracle and poured it onto the spots that I had discovered by the black light and let me tell you with in a day I walked into my apartment and it smelled horrible 10times worse like my apt was covered in urine . Mind you I had since locked my dog up in a tiled area in my apt , in which she didnt use the bathroom in my apt that day . So the stinch was Natures Miracle making the urine worse . I remembered the sample of Stink free I had and used it on a few spots and it instantly smelled better . The next day the spots that I put the Stink free on didnt smell like urine anymore , but the spots that have the Natures Miracle still smell horrible . I will be going to the store today to buy a big bottle of Stink Free and will be contacting Natures Miracle for a refund on their bad product .
 We have a little terrier who made a mess on a couch cushion . We used Nature 's Miracle as directed , but ended up repeating the process three times and using an entire bottle on one application . Worse , the odor remained , and did little to remove the stain on a fabric type that the label says should match the product.We paid a lot of money for a lot of product for little results , when the best odor removal came from a $ 1.00 bottle of hydrogen peroxide from the corner drugstore . I 'm never wasting my money on this one again .
 Nature 's Miracle used to be the best thing going for dog urine stains on carpet and I had been a faithful customer over the years . However , the last two bottles I purchased have done nothing for the stain or the odor . Makes me wonder whether they 've diluted or changed their formula . What a disappointment !!!
 Three thorough applications to truck carpet makes little difference in cat urine odor . No miracle here .
 This stuff does n't work . I used this product for about a month and had to clean my carpets with a product from a local store to take out the spots that this product left . I will never buy this product again and I will not recommend this product .
 Natures Miracle needs to take their sprayer attachment back to the drawing board . What a piece of garbage . I 've had three now and each time the sprayer works for one or two min . then stops pumping the fluid thru the tubing . Even trying to remove the screws to investigate the problem is a failure because you ca n't back out whatever type of chincy screw they used to put it together with . Batteries had plenty of power , but it would not pump out the fluid . Followed instructions as directed . Has anyone had any better luck with the sprayer attachment ? Each time I purchased a new bottle I was hoping the old bottle had a simple malfunction but I 'm convinced after three attempts and three failures the sprayer is garbage.They should stick their sprayer in a better spot than sticking it to the consumer .
 I used this product on a number of ares where my cat urinated . The product does not work , and the urine odor is still there . It actually made the smell worse , and it got so bad that I have to rip the carpet out in my walk-in closet and replace it with tile . I have yet to find a product on the market to remove cat urine odor that actually works .
 I ca n't help but feel like I have been a victim of effective marketing ! I have tried multiple `` enzyme '' based products and I just have not had positive results . we bought the black light to be able to clearly see the urine spots . Not only does the urine not go away , but the smell is still there . I have tried soaking the area and letting it dry , I have sprayed , I have had the carpet professionally cleaned , and I think the only way to fix our problem is just to replace the carpet . I wish that rather than wasting $ 30 here and there trying this brand and that only to have the same bad result , I would have just put that money towards the new carpet fund ! Bottom line , do n't waste your money if you have CAT urine stains of any kind or old DOG urine stains . . The stuff just does n't work . Just get the carpet replaced and start over .
 I 'm not going to write a long review , I had a roommate who ignored my `` no pet policy '' I then tried several methods of removing the cat urine smell this product did not eliminate the odor nor did any other method . The carpet and padding will have to be replaced . This product may work on smaller areas for spot cleaning but he literally let the cat use the floor as a liter box and Natures Miracle did not peform said miracle .
 It 's been raining for weeks in FL , so my small dogs went behind the couch . I went and spent $ 33 on the largest container of that stuff + the other one that said `` No More Marking '' . I get it - Not only the dogs do n't go near that place , but we all migrated to the second floor . Not only did it not help but it made it worse . If it was just one little spot of urine , I only smelled it if I got on my knees . After applying this product , I could not bear the smell that was amplified to the point that I did not wait for the carpet guys to get here with a new carpet , I just cut the whole living room carpet and got it out of the house . The fumes are so toxic , it 's a pure poison . I tried steaming the carpet afterwords , but it 's not the animal urine I could n't get rid off , it 's the fumes from Natures Miracle . The Only Good Idea about this product is its name . IT SUCKS ! Natures Miracle does not work and is overpriced . All those positive reviews must be fake . I also read them and I thought what the hell , I will spend the money ... IT DOES NOT WORK . IT MAKES IT WORSE . My carpet cleaner guy did a better job and for the price of one bottle I had my entire floor steam cleaned and it helped with flees . DO N'T WAIST YOUR MONEY ON NATURES MIRACLE , YOU WILL ONLY GET ANGRY . If you spent any money on it , take it back and ask for a full refund . Send them back a piece of your carpet so they could take a good whiff of it .
 I have used several different products to deal with cat urine clean up and this is , by far , the worst . It contains alcohol which not only damages some furniture surfaces -LRB- namely wood floors -RRB- , but also causes the product to evaporate more quickly thus making the effective time on the stained area shorter . It also causes a good deal of the odor to permeate the room as the alcohol evaporates into the air . I have had to use multiple treatments on certain surfaces and have still detected residual odor . This product is a waste of money .
 I read rave reviews of this and tried it at the recommendation of a friend who -LRB- like me -RRB- has multiple cats . I have a sprayer and a neuro who ca n't use the litterbox , a tiled home -LRB- no carpet -RRB- and very little furniture . I found that this product is basically an oily carrier for a heavy perfume . Yes , if you saturate the `` accident '' area with this stuff , the original smell will go away , because the perfume will cover it up . But the solution will leave an indelible oily stain on EVERYTHING , including clay and ceramic tile , painted walls , various plastics , and galvanized steel . Thank goodness I did n't try it on fabric . Even after scrubbing with Dawn detergent -LRB- to remove the oil -RRB- and bleach -LRB- to get out the smell -RRB- I still have spots -LRB- including outdoors , exposed to wind and desert sun -RRB- that reek a month later . The spots cleaned just with bleach in water -LRB- even on saltillo tile -RRB- are free of stains and stink . And the scent is sufficiently irritating that I do n't want it around me OR my cats .
 I 've sworn by Nature 's Miracle forEVER . Not anymore . Our beagle peed on the carpet - I saw where he did it . -LRB- Yup , he had a bladder infection so we got that cleared up . -RRB- I got out my gallon of Nature 's Miracle -LRB- I had n't had to use it in a while ! -RRB- and , after blotting up as much urine as I could -LRB- with white towels -RRB- , I saturated the spot with Nature 's Miracle . I blocked off the area and let it dry . No go -LRB- no pun intended . -RRB- The urine smell was still there . The blacklight still shows the area where he urinated . I tried it 2 more times with the same dismal results . Do n't waste your money on this useless product ! I 've contacted NM to let them know this . Gee , they have a new , Advanced product . I 'm going to look elsewhere though as I 've lost faith in them . It may remove stains -- that 's not what I 'm looking at it for though.What a shame !
 Read the most helpful critical review -- I just did and now I understand why this stuff does n't work . I wish I had known before I wasted my money.I had a bottle of Petzyme that lasted me 10 years . Yes , 10 years . It worked . When I ran out , I went to the store knowing it was on sale but as luck would have it , they were out . I thought I would try this stuff instead of running all over town and boy , what a waste of money . I 'm already halfway through the bottle in less than 2 months.This stuff just does n't work . It will pull up dried urine stains in the carpet cleaner , sure , but most anything will . This stuff does n't hide , mask or eliminate urine odor . In fact , it makes it worse . After I 've repeatedly cleaned a spot because it continues to stink , I 'll let it dry and yet it still smells like 10 dogs have urinated in that spot . On top of that , after repeatedly cleaning a specific spot , my dog has gone in the same place since . That never happened when I used Petzyme.I am really disappointed and will be going back to the trusty Petzyme that does work .
 i did everything right , blot the wet stain then poured it on the area . repeat , repeat ... had to throw away my nice sofa and loveseat , b/c the cats kept coming back . i tried the `` urine eliminator '' version after this jug was empty . used feliway spray and diffusers too . i do n't know if anything really works for cat urine .
 I bought this to remove the protein stains left by dog/cat urine in carpet . I had already sufficiently removed the color and smell of the stain . However , under blacklight the stain remained . Thus , in an effort to fully remove this I purchased 2 gallons of this stuff . It was a waste of my money . I used it as directed initially then tried different application procedures . Nothing worked . If you need to remove the stain from a black light inspection - save your time and money - avoid this product .
 My dogs are each about 75lbs and the one dog had this rope ripped to shreds in a matter of a couple of hours and in the garbage it went the day it arrived
 This is one blade and not in stock at this time . I am trying to cancel , too .
 This item is NOT a set of blades , it is a single 3F blade.Luckily JB appears to be a stand up company , and has agreed to accept return of the item , without me incurring any charge.ONCE AGAIN , THIS IS NOT A SET OF BLADES !
 Based on the stated shipping weight -LRB- 20.2 pounds -RRB- I thought these would be substantial , full size bagels . Nope , just little bagel treats . The dogs like them just fine , just not what I expected based on the description .
 My dog chewed through it in a matter of minutes . Not durable at all .
 The hole is huge !! Food falls out so easily not a good work out toy at all . Way too much for shipping my fault I did n't notice and they did n't ship it until a week after I ordered it . Not worth it.Also chihuahua ate through toy ! Not the most durable .
 I have had 2 of these , they dont last . After 4-5 months they start to leak air and cant find the leak . I would not recomend any air bed for a dog , it doesnt hold up .
 I 'll grant that my dog has very tough nails , but this is not a product that is built to last . I have been through three of these - they keep breaking . Get one of the scissor-style nail clippers . There are plenty of choices on Amazon .
 Purchased this because my vet uses Resco brand clipper and it 's American made . I try not to buy China or Taiwan made products . I was excited to find American made Resco nail clipper , BUT it did n't meet my expectations . It pulls my dog 's nails because there is a gap between the blade and clipper and the blade is dull , the springs make noise when pressed , an overall poorly made product .
 I live where the water is so soft there 's almost no minerals in it at all . Maintaining a Ph of 7.0 was difficult but possible , but my snails had the white pitting and my guppy had fin rot that he contracted during the time when I was totally new to fish keeping and did n't understand how important it is to snails and guppies to keep the Ph at or above 7.0 . I had finally got the situation under control . My guppy 's fins were regenerating and my snails had new shell growth that was healthy.Then I made the grave mistake of trying this product . Aloe vera ? So what . Looked like a stupid gimmick . Since when do fish need aloe vera ? Do we need to pull them out of the tank and rub moisturizing cream on them too ? How about some Lubriderm?Anyway , shortly after switching to this product my Ph crashed to 6.0 . My guppy 's fins started rotting and got worse than ever , and the healthy growth on my snails that survived me climbing the learning curve last Summer now have white calcified shell damage . I do n't even recognize the two I named just a few months ago!I was doing emergency water changes morning and evening just to keep the Ph at about 6.4 . -LRB- My tap water is totally soft , but comes out of the tap at PH of about 7.2 -RRB- . My hands got raw and cracked because I was washing my hands so much after working with the tank so much.I asked myself what had changed when this started , and the only thing I came up with was switching to this aloe vera stress coat . Then I looked up aloe vera juice on the Internet and found it has a Ph of 3.5 to 5.0 depending on where I looked . Wow , I thought , maybe putting something with Ph that low in the tank could throw the whole Ph down quite a bit.I bought some Tetra brand stress coat and did a few more water changes -LRB- some cracks in hands bleeding now , maybe MY hands could use some aloe vera !! -RRB- and soon the Ph climbed back up to 6.8 . I did two emergency salt dips for the guppy , whose fin rot had begun on his body too . It looks like the rot has been halted . The damage has been done to my snails . Maybe once I get this under control I 'll have time to just stare at the tank a while and figure out who is who again through all the shell damage.So , thanks API for putting my fish and snails through hell . Brilliant idea mixing a super low Ph substance in with water conditioner . Did you test this thoroughly before you put it into production ? Anyway , I could rant further but I think it 's time to rub some Vaseline moisture lotion on my cloud fish . They really need to chill out .
 We have had the large version of this door for a few months . We have 2 Greyhounds . While I wanted a rigid flap for weather resistance from the moment I installed it , I wondered if there would be a problem with one of the dogs getting stuck and pinched between the inner and outer rigid flap . Well it happened last week , and one of our dogs had their paw ` degloved ' After a trip to the e-vet and 20 + staples , she is on the mend . If this was a flexible flap door , it would not have been an issue as there would be no way to pinch a paw between the flap and the frame . I do not recommend this door.These links are of the injury.http : / / www.greytalk.com/~photopost/data/500/ewwww.jpghttp://www.greytalk.com/~photopost/data/500/000_0656.jpg
 I own a pet care company and use my nail trimmers all the time . I had been using the Bamboo trimmers , which I love - but the blades dull ... so I thought getting something with a replaceable blade would be great . Unfortunately , these trimmers are flimsy and just disappointing . The cut is n't exact like with my others and it seems to pinch the pet - the animals were showing signs of discomfort . All in all - this would be fine for a smaller dog and just occasional use , but does n't work at all well for anything much over 40-50 lbs .
 I 've used rescos before but the last 2 pairs I bought -LRB- one from a store and the last one from amazon.com -RRB- were horrible , dull and not smooth at all ! What 's going on ? Why are these brand new clippers arriving dull and worthless at the consumer 's door ??
 This product turned my pond milky and created pockets of bubbles on the surface . It took many days to clear . The manufacturer did return my call regarding the failure of this product but they said it was due to my particular water conditions . NOWHERE on their own website , nor on their Amazon description , was there ANY warning about a specific , necessary water chemistry for this product to perform as advertised . While the maufacturer 's rep answered my questions he did not show any concern or care about the situation . Even after I explained to him that I had used their enzyme products for nine years.I rely heavily on the reviews here and hope to help others avoid wasting their money . The maufacturer refused to refund the price of the product to me .
 Did not work at all for me , so much algae grew I had to drain the fountain and use a pressure washer to blast all the algae off . Sludge was terrible . It looked like I had used nothing . Cleaned the fountain and tried again with the same results . Now I know why they were selling it on the clearance table at the nursery .
 PLEASE do n't use this product on your pet ! I 've always used Frontline , but got a sample of Hartz . My cat 's hair fell out , she kept rubbing her head on the pavement , and a vet trip and medication was required to make her comfortable . Wrote to Hartz with sent back a `` sorry ! '' note -- and a coupon for more of the product . I do n't think so ...
 Iusually love this brand product so I bought it for my puppy for christmas ... within 2 hours she had it chewed into pieces ... a huge disappointment
 We bought this in pink for our male Labrador Retriever puppy.It starting falling apart in nearly 2 weeks.The rubber is nothing compared to the Kong classic.We bought the Kong Classic and is lasting way longer than the Kong Binkie ever would .
 VERY CUTE ITEM . MY PUPPY LIKED IT A LITTLE AT FIRST & NOW TOTALLY IGNORES IT . IT MAY BE TOO BIG & TOO HARD FOR HER .
 My five month old Maltese is completely disinterested in this puppy binkie even though she is teething . Maybe it is made for larger puppies or those less discerning -LRB- picky ? -RRB- than she .
 My pups were not even interested in this toy . My sister 's dog was actually scared of this toy .
 Been adding according to the dose double for the first two weeks and regular after per gallon . It 's been past three weeks and all I get is super high Ammonia readings , still do n't have a Nitrite measurement past 0ppm . This stuff is worthless . Save your money and spend it on something else . On my other saltwater tank I was able to cycle it by just using live aragonite sand and live rock . This stress zyme was used for my freshwater tank and I am pretty disappointed .
 Added this to my tank to try a different product to help maintain my tank at 7.0 but all it did was make my tank cloudy for the better part of a week . If you 're looking for a product I 've used before and love , Neutral Regulator works amazing .
 Does not fully dissolve in water . Leaves your tank looking cloudy , and will completely ruin all of your filtration media within a few days . Does set your tank to a pH of 7.0 , but only for a day or 2 . You then find yourself having to add more and more in order to stabilize your pH. That fact , along with the fact that it does n't dissolve -LRB- leaving tank very cloudy -RRB- and clogs your filter , and you have yourself one absolutely terrible product here . Avoid at all costs .
 Beware of this seller , if you like to stay healthy and the environmentI ordered a light bulb from this person on January 6th . not through Amazon , but through their online store.first I waited more then 2 weeks for the light bulb , without getting a shipping confirmation from them . I had to e-mail them and the lame excuse was , the order must have been lost on the way . Yah , right . Then why did I not get a confirmation , it has been shipped.Light came today January 26th , almost 3 weeks after ordering.It came in a too large of a box , with no extra padding . Light bulb was just loosely wrapped in bubble wrap , not tapped together to keep it safe , not in a separate cardboard sleeve or box . No just laying loosely inside the wrap , ends exposed . It was rattling around in the box , like it 's a large rattle.As I picked the light bulb up , I noticed it is broken , pieces fallen on my floor . Hello , this is a mercury filled light bulb . As soon I realized what I had in my hand , I realized I got a good whiff of something . My Nose started burning . I flushed my nose out , right away . I also washed my floor and disposed of my rags , as the EPA recommends.I think this is an environmental criminal act , being that careless with fluorescent Light bulbs . I am sure EPA would be impressed.Amazon should reconsider doing business with this person.Just as I am reconsidering doing business with him.If it happened to me that way , I am sure it happened to others and it will happen again.Isabell Norman
 Okay , my cat of 15 years just died , have one remaining cat that i want to do the best for decided to go with this product as opposed to clay which may have been part of the reason for my other cat 's health problems.This product not only does NOT CLUMP , after one pee in the new litter , the entire litter smells of urine ! Now if you have cats you know that they are clean animals , and more than not , will NOT USE THE BOX if it smells and is n't clean.Really wish i had saved the boxes , -LSB- . . -RSB- Also , threw out the other litter !!!! This is a mess , i guess i have to go back to clay until something good comes out !!!!! AWFUL PRODUCT will def be calling company in the morning!UPDATE
 I tried and tried to like this product , as I despise the clay based toxicity of most kitty litters , but there is one `` con '' that outweighs every `` pro ''
 I love finding products for natural and holistic care for my cats . I was worried about chemicals in my cats ' litter , so I decided to try this stuff . Unlike the Feline Pine , my cats had no trouble adjusting to this litter , so I was very happy . The texture is a lot closer to that of conventional clumping litter , so there was no adjustment period . However , when I scoop the boxes , there is an incredibly strong ammonia scent . I can not state this strongly enough ! We have three cats and two boxes , which they use pretty evenly , and I scoop about every other day . Even more frequent scooping still results in an overpowering scent of ammonia . I am switching back to Arm and Hammer litter tomorrow !
 I purchased a Swheat Scoop Natural Wheat Litter bag at PETCO , but did not noticed initially that it had bugs I believe are called wheat weevils . They are reddish and are flea-like and when I was replacing some used litter , I scooped out some new litter and noticed all these bugs were trying to bore themselves into the litter . I was so disgusted ! NEVER AGAIN WILL I BUY WHEAT LITTER FOR MY CAT ! I will now have to check to see if they traveled on my cat to areas like the mattress .
 I bought an XTreme Kong long ago & it is the only dog toy that has withstood the powerful jaws of my dog - an XTreme chewer ! I decided to purchase a few of the other XTreme products manufactured by Kong , hoping they would be as long-lasting . This product , the `` XTreme Goodie Ball '' was a big disappointment as it was chewed up in a matter of minutes by my dog . I would definitely NOT recommend this `` Goodie Ball '' to any pet owner that has an aggressive chewer .
 I bought an XTreme Kong long ago & it is the only dog toy that has withstood the powerful jaws of my dog - an XTreme chewer ! I decided to purchase a few of the other XTreme products manufactured by Kong , hoping they would be as long-lasting . This product , the `` XTreme Goodie Ship '' was a big disappointment as it was chewed up in a matter of minutes by my dog . I would definitely NOT recommend this `` Goodie Ship '' to any pet owner that has an aggressive chewer .
 With this being a Audubon product I expected it be nice and well built . I was way off with my expectations when I opened the box the first thing I thought was the 39.99 I paid was way to high . This product was poorly built and compared to others of similar size and better construction at my local hardware store -LRB- Lowes -RRB- was only $ 10 .
 Poor does n't do what it says it will . Do n't waste your money ! I 'm sorry I did ! Wo n't buy again!It sucks !
 I was really hoping this would help my kitten with her seizures , but I ca n't get her to eat it ! The `` powder '' is more like sand , and just settles to the bottom of the water bowl after stirring . This might work for a dog -LRB- since they tend to make such a mess when drinking ! -RRB- , but my cat rarely ever reaches the bottom of her water bowl . I also tried mixing with applesauce , and then again with yogurt . It made a weird paste , and she just was n't having it . -LRB- She does n't like canned food , but that might be a good option for some . -RRB- If any cat owners have found a better way to deliver it , I would still like to give it a try .
 I ordered this cage originally for a rat and then recieved it . I realized it was too small and originally was going to mail it back , but I kept it and got 4 mice instead , where there is plenty of room for them . The next day however , one of the little attachments to the house that came with it broke off when I was washing it -LRB- gently -RRB- , and the day after that I tried to get them some water and then when I went to put the bottle that came with the product back on , the attachment to keep the bottle up completely broke off . Not worth the $ 40 I paid for it , too many cheap parts . I 've since then replaced everything but the bars and the bottom of the cage . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 I ended up receiving a dud set which led me to months of redoing my freshwater tank trying to get the pH levels right . It turns out that they were fine all along . It was a waste of my time and money .
 Although my cats loved playing with this , they broke the string on this toy within a day . Very poor quality .
 Was very disappointed with this purchase . Received the cage very promptly however due to poor packaging the hamster wheel was broken . Tried several times to contact the seller for a replacement wheel . Unfortunately they ignored all my attempts . I would strongly discourage anyone from purchasing from this source .
 Do n't waste your money ! I have had other Red Kong toys in the past and I thought the Black was supposed to be EXTREME ! Nope . It lasted about 5 minutes . Very disappointed .
 Moose dog has had several of these good boy bones -LRB- Large Red Ones -RRB- The past ones he had were solid , heavy and like rubber rocks . Which is good because he is an aggressive chewer . But ... several days ago his last one went missing , so I ordered him a new one . Horrible . These are not the same bones I was getting last year . They wobble , bend and have a nasty rubber stink . Wobble ? The other ones he has did not flex even a little bit , this new one can be bent into a ` U ' shape . What gives ? And it has a nasty cheap rubber smell . We are both VERY DISAPOINTED!Update - Called Kong Company and after several days of leaving messages for Ms. Clift , the ONE person at their company who dealt with customer issues for this product , I was finally told via email that the rubber compound has not changed in years and there is nothing wrong with the bone . However I can send it back at my expense and they will try to send me a * replacement * toy . Also was told that the stick to your hand STENCH , is typical due to a component in the rubber called a ` smoke sheet ' . Yeah . There is some smoke going on , but it is the kind that is blown into various places . Customer Service , very poor , never could speak to anyone direct , always had to leave messages , and then was told to email them my complaint . -RRB-
 Please save your money . This product does not stand up for your dog to chew . My Lab can destroy it in 10 minutes and i consider it unsafe due to the fact its all rubber .
 My lab does n't seem to like chewing on this bone as much as some of the other kinds I 've bought for her . The goodie slot is only good for specially made ones designed to fit in there . It 's been sitting in my dog 's toy box for a while and never seems to get used .
 Took my 60 lb . lab mix about a day to completely chew off both sides of the bone . For all the hype given to Kong 's indestructible products , this was a real disappointment .
 My lab has chewed pieces off this and I have had to throw it out . Apparently , not extreme enough for him .
 My dog broke the bone in 2 seconds , to expensive , it should stay longer . I have a pit bull.may be for a small dog it is ok .
 Very disappointed in this toy ... our two dogs destroyed it within 5 minutes of having it . We were watching them and they were playing with it when all of a sudden they it in two pieces ... very disappointed .
 I bought this version because the red goodie bone was starting to break apart after fairly light use . That one had nice holes on the ends that my small treats , < 1 '' , fit into perfectly . This one however has much smaller treat holes . I ca n't fit anything in there without using so much force the treat crumbles in my hands . The rubber seems much more durable but I 'll never know since I ca n't get any treats in it . I 'm very disappointed they made the treat holes essential worthless on this model . Obviously it is made only for the treat paste , which is mostly junk food .
 Once again my 45 pound PitBull tears apart an Extreme Kong like its butter . This thing last half a day and was gone . Now we stuck exclusively to Antler bones . She can not defeat them .
 My Puggle destroyed this within 10 minutes . What a waste of money . The product is not durable as one would expect from KONG sad to say .
 I ordered this bone thinking it would last for more than other toys for my dog . I have a 50 pound pit bull terrier , which is a chewer . She liked the bone and likes to play , but had it in peices in a matter of 2 hours . If this is extreme , my dog must be out-of-this-world . I 'm not very happy with the product , a waste of 8 bucks . I will stick to their Kong Balls in the future .
 i have used `` Kong '' extreme for years . my recent order the dog distroyed the bone in less than 3 hours . it cost too much to return so i am stuck with this inferior product . i will send a comment to the manufacturer . the seller is not to blame .
 The original Kong shapes are excellent dog toys . But their chew-resistance/durability was based on the combination of two principles
 This toy lasted a little longer than most . Took our Lab a good 30 minutes to rip chunks off the end .
 Generally I am a big fan of the KONG brand dog toys . They are usually very durable , especially considering my dogs can chew anything to shreds . This bone did not hold up well at all . It was ruined within a half hour of getting it home . If you have a strong chewer , I would not recommend this bone , stick with the traditional KONG or some of their other stronger toys -LRB- treat ball , etc. -RRB- .
 Love most Kong dog toys . Gave this bone to our new large dog to keep her stress level down when we first got her . First time she tried getting the treat out she tore a big chunk off the end . Hmmmmmm . I 'll stick with the original Kong .
 I have an english bulldog that loves to chew . He 's pretty good about just chewing on his toys , so we constantly make sure to have a new stock of toys for when he destroys his current flavor of the week . We purchased this item from the local pet store . Most of these Kong products have seemed to last a bit longer than most . This bone lasted just a day as he quickly had one end ripped off the bone . The best part was that he was n't able to shred this into millions of small pieces . None-the-less , if your dog tends to go through toys as fast as ours , then you may want to choose a different toy .
 I have an 11-month-old female lab , shepherd , and pit mix puppy . She chewed the ends of this in less than five minutes and was ingesting them . Luckily I was right there and able to get it and all the pieces away from her . If you have a dainty chewer , go for it , but if you have a truly aggressive chewer this is a waste of time and money . It also could be a serious risk to you beloved pets life .
 The moment I took these out of the box , I knew our dogs would chew through them in an hour . The holes for stuffing treats gave them a good place to grip to facilitate tearing them apart . What the dogs did n't ingest ended up being marble-sized chunks of rubber all over our floor . If it were n't so inexpensive , I would have gathered up the chunks and returned them for a refund . Definitely not satisfied .
 I bought an XTreme Kong long ago & it is the only dog toy that has withstood the powerful jaws of my dog - an XTreme chewer ! I decided to purchase a few of the other XTreme products manufactured by Kong , hoping they would be as long-lasting . This product , the `` XTreme Goodie Bone '' was a big disappointment as it was chewed up in a matter of minutes by my dog . I would definitely NOT recommend this `` Goodie Bone '' to any pet owner that has an aggressive chewer .
 I kept hearing good reviews about this from other dog owners . Imagine my surprise when my lab had already torn it up 5 minutes after she got it . Only then did I go back and read the package and see that it 's a Medium size meant for dogs 15-35 lbs . That probably should have been noted on the website , and I probably should have looked a little closer before giving it to her . I 'm disappointed because I feel the listing is misleading and needs to include the sizing info . The large dental kong is holding up well though .
 Toys usually only last a matter of minutes with my 9 m.o. lab mix , and unfortunately this was no different . Literally one minute after I handed it to him , he had already eaten one of the ends off . :-LRB- We 've had much better luck with our squirrel dude , so far it 's the only treat dispensing toy that he has n't completely destroyed .
 Bought this for our Labradoodle who is a moderately strong chewer -LRB- she 's had a standard red Kong since she was a pup and it 's still going strong after a year -RRB- . This bone did n't last for 15 minutes before she a ripped a huge section out of the end . I purchased the black version which is supposed to be stronger so I ca n't imagine how the red one would be . I would n't recommend this style Kong , though the original style has been great .
 I would definitely NOT recommend this Kong toy . I do n't know how they can say this one belongs in the Extreme Product line . It lasted 15 minutes , which is less time than even a regular Kong toy lasts.I have the Large and Extra Large Extreme toys - standard shape and they have not been touched after many uses . However , this product is not even in the same league.DO not recommend it unless you can return it .
 We received the dog bone and my St. Bernard mix dog immediately began to chew on it . To my disappointment , within 20 minutes he had broken it into 3 pieces and was trying to eat it so I had to throw it in the trash . Although the product appeared sturdy in nature , it broke apart at the ends with pressure from chewing .
 Purchased this product for our 4 month old border collie mix . She had the outside of the nubs at each end of the bone completely chewed off within 15 minutes . This product is definitely not for a chewer !
 Just paid 3600 $ to have a big chunk of this indestructable toy removed from my pups intestine . Would not buy this , not safe
 Bought one of these at the pet store because they assured me no dog can destroy it . My German Shorthair had it in a pile of rubber pieces before we made the 15 min drive home . Not for strong chewers .
 most items in the KONG brand hold up quite well . dog bit this one in two pieces with one bite ... and proceeded to whittle down the rest within a minute . dont bother buying this item .
 Good thing these other owners do n't own Milo the yellow lab of doom :-RRB- If your looking for a better toy hit the westpaw toys section . This lasted about 10 minutes and it was in chunks on the floor and one down Milo 's belly . Thankfully he `` disposed '' of it later the next day.Not recommended for HEAVY chewers despite what the previous reviews say !
 I 've bought two of these KONG Goodie bones for our Lab -LRB- a red one and a black one -RRB- and both of them melted on the ends . We had the red one first , and since we tend to rotate his toys to keep him interested , I had put it up on the shelf over the kitchen cabinet . After a while , I went to get it and got gooey , sticky red rubber smeared all over my hand . THe ends of the bone were all soft and melty . At first I thought that it might have been too hot up there , but that did n't make sense ... it could n't have been that hot ... I live in FL with the air conditioner running 8 months out of the year . With the black one , I put it away in a different place , away from anything that could affect it , or so I thought . Sure enough after a couple of months , when I went to get that one , it had done the same thing . They both had a bad chemical smell too.Maybe my dog has toxic spit ? Who knows , but I would never buy these again .
 Within 15 minutes , my 40 lb labradoodle chewed through this toy supposedly for extreme users ! We have used black extreme Kongs in the past with our 200 lb English Mastiffs with no problems . Kong has apparently moved to very poor quality on their toys . I would NOT recommend this - you will just have to throw it away before your dog eats it!Very annoyed and disappointed .
 We purchased this for our 70lb boxer/hound mix . It lasted 1hr before he chewed it to pieces . The package states that this is for a dog up to 35lbs . I somehow missed that part in the Amazon description .
 The kong extreme are supposed to be indestructible ! However , do not buy this product if you have a dog that is a chewer . We have two labs and they opened these up on Christmas and had the hard rubber shredded all over my living room in 10 minutes . They are supposed to be made to chew , but do n't waste your money !
 I purchased this expensive toy and my Lab tore the ends to pieces in a few hours . But I have great luck with other Kong products
 I bought this from Amazon for our 68 pound lab mix . Extreme KONGS are the only things she ca n't chew up , so I thought this would be great - a new shape to play with ! However , she had pieces of the ends in a matter of minutes.Although it comes with a tag that says KONG , I question whether it really is the KONG company that made this -LRB- it does n't say KONG on the bone , it says something else -RRB- . If you have a strong chewer , this probably is not for them .
 After reading the reviews I purchased 2 of these for our 2 labs . At the time I placed the order there was no size listed . I received the bones today and it took my dogs about 5 minutes to tear up the ends of the bones and start trying to eat small chunks of rubber -LRB- I had to take the bones away so they would not choke on the pieces they were chewing off -RRB- I was glad to see when I went back and checked the product description that the size -LRB- medium -RRB- was now added to the description , hopefully this will help others avoid the mistake I made . On the plus side , the dogs did love them while they lasted .
 This bone lasted all of one hour before my dog had one end shredded and all over the room ! This was recommended to me after my dog destroyed all her other toys . Well another one bites the dust !
 Seems durable , but it lost to our Cock-a-Poo ! This is a nice bone , our dog liked us putting treats in it . But he is an extreme chewer and the area where you put the treats was picked apart within an hour of receipt . Our dog is a 25 pound Cock-a-poo with sharp teeth . Wish I could rate higher ... I would love to find some success with a bone for this dog .
 This bone smelled completely toxic . I washed it with soap and water , vinegar and even soaked it in the pool . I would not give this to my dog - threw it in the garbage .
 This thing is the most durable toy I 've yet found for my shepherd/keeshond dog . She destroys tough rope toys and plush toys in minutes . I 'm happy to have found something that will last a while . In 3 days there are no signs of wear.However , this thing smells * terrible . * Not just bad , but chemically bad . It is obviously off-gassing something . I get a mild headache if it 's sitting next to be for a long time , and I 'm not usually sensitive to smells . It 's hard to believe something so toxic smelling is okay for a dog to chew on . I highly doubt dog toys are subjected to anything like the scrutiny that human toys and foods must undergo . Short term effects of chewing on this thing may be minimal , but what will happen if I let her chew on these things for the rest of her life ? Cancer rates are unbelievably high in dogs and perhaps it 's because of items like this.I do n't know whether to continue to let her play with it and just give her lots of antioxidants or just take it away .
 As I have stated for the other Kong Rubber Toys they are very over rated . I feel that they are dangerous since the dog can chew them up so easly and ingest all that rubber .
 These toys have a very strong smell of rubber , my dog wo n't have a thing to do with them . I 'm going to try and send them back . Very disappointed !
 I was unhappy to see the openings chewed up and the bits consumed by my corgi . So much for the extreme kong bone . The beehive is lasting but this bone had to be tossed way too soon for the cost.We will stick with West Paw Hurkey which shows no wear .
 We bought this for our Walker Hound / Lab mix that likes to chew . We have a regular red Kong for her and she has n't damaged that practically at all , but she does n't really chew on that as often as her Nylabone.Anyway , we got this at Petsmart , brought it home , put a touch of peanut butter in the ends * and gave it to her . She started chewing away . I went to change the clothes from the washer to the dryer in the room next to the one we were in , and when I came back , the floor was littered with black pieces of rubber . She had destroyed one entire end and was just chewing chunks off of the middle part.Isn ' t Kong 's extreme line supposed to be for `` power '' chewers ? I would n't consider our dog to be a power chewer , and I 'd hate to see what a real chew-a-hole-through-the-wall power chewer would do with this thing -- maybe just bite it in half ; who knows.If you want something that will hold up to a real chewer , go for something else . We like Nylabones , but they 're very hard and we worry about her dropping them on our new hardwood floors , so unless you 've got tile or carpet , they might not work for you either . * You may say that we did n't insert hard treats and that 's why it disintegrated so quickly , but as soon as she would have crushed the treat , the same destruction would have begun .
 This product has a powerful rubber smell that neither my dog nor I can stand . I tried soaking it in soapy water to see if that might help , but it did n't .
 Kong makes some great toys for strong chewers , but this item is not one of them . We purchased this for our puppy , who also decimates toys , as the other reviewer 's dog , and the ends where it holds treats got destroyed quickly . I think the rubber housing for the treats is not of a great design . Dogs with sharp teeth can immediately break off the nubs on the inside where the treat would go , and start cracking the rubber on the ends . Not recommended by us ; stick to the original Kong shape .
 My 6 month old lab puppy broke this in half , twice . Kong usually has great products but I do not recommend this item .
 I purchased this and several other Kong toys for my Pitbull puppy . She had them torn apart within minutes . Not practical for large dogs .
 Santa left this for our runt-of-the-litter yellow lab . It did n't even make it through the day . To be fair , he weighs a little more than the recommended weight , but , comparerd to other dogs we have have had , is not a strong chewer . Definitely disappointed in this particular Kong purchase .
 I have several grievances against this product , which collectively reduce the rating to one star . First and foremost :1 . -RRB- The Nitrate test is completely useless . It will tell you that your PPM of Nitrate is close to zero every time . Using this test nearly killed my fish , as nitrate levels skyrocketed and the test indicated nothing of the sort .2 . -RRB- Neither Ammonia test is functional , which is obviously dangerous .3 . -RRB- The pH test indicates your water to be a good order of magnitude more basic than it actually is . After using a different test , I realized this and stopped using pH Down , another API product , which thankfully is just as useless .4 . -RRB- The test kit came without instructions , forcing me to look them up online , which was yet another inconvenience .5 . -RRB- The first ammonia bottle was cracked , leaking oily fluid all over the kit and forcing me to wash it vigorously before use.In conclusion , I realize this particular test kit was most likely a dud , and does not reflect on all products currently available . However , it is simply inexcusable to mess up this badly when the lives of one 's pets are so precariously balanced on proper water testing . When using this kit , ensure you do not have a defective version before taking action to adjust water conditions according to the kit 's indicated water conditions , and always compare the results with other testing kits . I purchased this product from PetSmart , which may have been responsible to some degree for its abysmal condition .
 When I received the AP TEST KIT FW MASTER the plastic top to the container was cracked and damaged in several places.Most of the inside had been soaked with some of the test fluids which had leaked from the bottles due to the lids being loose . The ammonia test solution # 2 was missing the dropper to the top of the bottle , which pretty much means you can not use it for testing ammonia since the instructions tell you to `` hold the bottle upside down and add 8 drops '' . I 'm left wondering WTF - something like that is a serious oversight.Not sure if it was the manufacturer or the seller , but it almost seems the kit had been opened and used . Which pretty much screws over the purchaser -LRB- ie - ME -RRB- since most of the bottles of test solution were a little over half-full . In the future I 'm going to stick to purchasing stuff like this from local shops . The price on this , even with Prime shipping , is just a few bucks less that going to my local fish store . I 'd rather spend $ 3 - $ 4 more to support a local business and not have to feel like I got juiced buying on-line .
 I just got my API test kit in the mail . Not sure why but the inside clear box is soaked in an oily substance . I opened it and the test tubes , books , and chemical bottles are all also covered in this oil . Hmmedit
 I ordered the test kit on jan 21st and it took tell feb 1st to get which seemed long but maybe i am just spoiled with prime . I did not take any stars off for the shipping time.My main issue is the description is false . It clearly says : `` Freshwater Master Test Kit is a complete kit for testing tap water & aquarium water.Tests water 6 different ways to protect tropical fish from dangerous water conditions.Tests include
 the product description says it includes a gh & kh test . This is not true . I bought this mostly because of those tests , and was very disappointed when they did not come with the test kit .
 The description clearly states that this kit has these two water hardness tests included and it definitely does not . All the other tests are great but if you are like me and really wanted those two tests you will be disappointed . There is another review that states this , wish I had read that ...
 The freshwater kit arrived fairly fast :-RRB- . I began to test my water and found a leak in one of the test tubes . I was testing nitrate and it gave me a chemical burn . I was disappointed with the product . Also the Ammonia test is tricky to do . The nitrate test is even harder . You have to shake bottles and wait several minutes for results . Extremely disappointed .
 The PH bottle was damaged and the instruction booklet had PH solution stain all over it . Very disappointing API ... I have found this product very useful and necessary . Good product .
 Product damaged in shippment , and I can not return it due to chemicals related ; I tried to use the Nitrate testing kit which seems be ok , those seem to worked fine .
 Basically I decided these were a waste of money . I had some trouble putting them on and then they did n't last very long . Covering the couch I did n't want scratched up works better .
 I think this is a great idea , but the sheet did not stick to the couch fabric at all . I wasted about 3 sheets before I could even get it halfway on , and then when I walked by and accidentally brushed my towel against the sheet , it peeled right off . I 'm going to have to try something else .
 I use the Sticky Paws rolls of tape which are great so I figured these sheet versions would be easier . I do n't know if I got a bad batch or what but they do n't stick to a darn piece of upholstered furniture . Waste of money , I 'm sticking to the Sticky Tape rolls .
 I do n't know if we got a defective batch or what , but we seriously could n't get the backing off of the sticky sheets.No , we 're not idiots , these just sucked ... a lot.Find something else .
 About two days after we put these sheets on our furniture , they had almost all fallen off . I would n't recommend wasting your money .
 I 'm giving the product two stars because I think it might work for training kittens . My experience with my 3 adult cats -LRB- two of whom are large males -RRB- was it did n't take two minutes to pull this stuff off . I think they were actually intrigued with it , and enjoyed the challenge . But it sure did n't stop them from going where they wanted to go .
 My cat touched the sticky paper and then proceeded to pull it off the furniture with his teeth . He was actually more attracted to the area because he wanted to play with the sticky paper . He is only 2 years old , so maybe this works with older cats , but definitely not with my little brat.I would also suggest the manufacturer come up with a different material on the outside of the paper . It is just as sticky as the side applied to the furniture and catches cat hair every time the cat walks by .
 I do n't like these sheets . They are very thin and wrinkle up easily . The ` SmartyKat ' brand from Target works much better . It 's thicker and stays on without wrinkling .
 My cat recently started pawing at my couch . Before it turned into a habit of scratching , I purchased these strips . I thought that these would be better than the tape since I had very large areas of fabric to cover . The sheets barely adhered to the couch 's upholstery . Half of them bunched up or pealed off immediately . Within two days they all had peeled off of the couch . What a waste of money .
 Nothing against this product it is exactly as described ... unfortunatley my cat does not seem to mind ... although I know this method is effective for other so worth a try perhaps your cat will be more &#34; compliant &#34; ... lol
 The System has a built in lightning protector , not knowing this we ordered it , the had to return it .
 I had this surge protector installed on my pet fence . My house still burnt causing almost $ 300000 damage.Save your money , lightning does what ever it wants to .
 light weight poorly made , broke right awayas i put in the wires , i didnt bother to send back , its not worth it
 this stuff is horrid , it is extremely dusty , it has very small granulals to it making it pack VERY tight . Thats bad for water flow and I see no real difference in proformance between this and standard cheeper carbon . Yea the only thing magic about this is how much faster it will drain your wallet !
 Like the item description mentions , the ergonomic design feels great on the hand , but that 's about it , it 's definitely not for dogs with sensitive skin . I have a small dog , he 's a mix of a small terrier with a french poodle , and he absolutely does n't like it . He seemed to be in pain every time that I brushed him so I 'm not using it anymore .
 Gripsoft Slicker Brush - SmallI have no idea how you would like this for a cat or a shorter coated dog . But it did n't do well as a detangler on my Havanese , Shih Tzu , or Soft Coated Wheaten Terrier .
 These clips worked great for about two days before the sticky pad gave out . Add super glue and and they work the way they 're supposed to .
 It was recommended to have a soft slicker/soft pin brush for my english cocker spaniel . Because I plan on doing my cocker 's grooming I wanted to introduce grooming tools in order of what I thought would be the least invasive . I have used this brush on my puppy 's dry coat while she was relaxed on my lap . Gently and lightly stroking through fine un-matted fur , my puppy jumped . After praising her for sitting so that I could try again , she allowed me two strokes and started barking . I have tried multiple times since , but my puppy will not have it . Personally I like the grip on the handle it is very comfortable and easy to use . I have done the pin test on my hands and arms and do not have streaks from it . I am hoping this brush works as my puppy gets older , maybe her skin is too sensitive and soft . For now , I have to use the KONG rubber slicker brush which she loves .
 First of all , this does not hang over a door , it is a flimsy wire bracket that is supposed to hang on the edge of the door frame that has no door in it . It took my cat nothing to pull it down . So , I decided to wedge it in a door from on top and close the door on the wire . I walked away after watching th cat play for a while and the next thing I know , he came to me with the furry critter in his mouth as if he had caught a prize . He snapped the toy right off the elastic . What I can say is that if it had been better made , I am sure he would have loved it . He still pranced around with the critter even though the hanging pieces have been long thrown out .
 I 've ordered this before and it came with gray legs and my cats adored it ! They would play with it and try to run away with it . Eventually they tore the legs off it but it took months for that to happen and they still like to bat the body around . I ordered 2 replacements and they are not the same . The body is all black and my kitties ripped the legs in 10 minutes on the first one and tore the body completely off the cord in an hour with the second one . I do n't know what they changed but please change it back ! I have to find my boys a new favorite toy . : -RRB-
 I am about to leave a negative feedback for all of the stringy toys out there ! It is very dangerous ! My kitten almost got choked because the string got tangled around his neck ! If I was n't home , he would 've choked for sure ! Either watch closely when cat is playing or cut the string off -LRB- I threw the string part right there and then -RRB- the kitty will play with the toy itself ! Because it is a string it will tighten itself and the more kitten is struggling to get out the more pressure it is placing on a part that is tangled ! Please spare your kitty !
 I love this product , but this particular one -LRB- The Octopus -RRB- is very flimsy and poorly made . My cat bever wanted to play with it , and yet it still was torn right away .
 I ordered three packages of Cadet Chicken Jerky Chips , and one package 's expired date was prior to my order date . It 's putzy to return something this inexpensive , but I 've learned my lesson . I 'll head to a brick-and-mortar store next time so I can check expiration dates .
 Product is the consistence of sand , thus making the product a sand bag in the fiter . Product caused the filter water to backup . Ended up toughing it away . Waste of $ 13.00 .
 I read reviews , and bought one size bigger which was small , and it ended up being so big.Now I read the return policy from the seller , and it says I have to pay for my shipping both way to exchange the size , so now the cloth is to waste.My dog is 3 pounds maltipoo and she has very long legs and lean body like a poodle , and the clothes falls off her.I should have gotten x-small , I am sad that she can not even wear the pajamas ...
 My dog is 18 inches from the base of his neck to his tail and there is no way that this thing could reach from his front legs to his back ones . I put it over his head and his feet could n't even go in the holes . My dog is only 22 lbs . This was a waste of money .
 This product indicated that a medium was for a 20 to 30 pound dog but in reality it fits a 10 pound very disappointed with the sizing
 Never received it . Sent to wrong address . I corrected it but it fell on deaf ears .
 I am a registered dietitian who ordered these for my black lab who has a sensitive stomach . I am a big fan of this line 's other treats . They usually have very few ingredients and so I ordered these for our pup thinking they would be fine . BIG mistake !! When the package arrived I read the ingredients list and it has sorbitol in it ... which is a sugar alcohol . This gives humans diarrhea very often but I tried giving her one just to see anyways . Huge huge huge mistake . She had diarrhea for 2 days straight every 20-40 minutes . I would not recommend these to any dog owner .
 Bought this along with some other treats for new puppy . Took me a while to get to these . Puppy is n't a big fan of these . He will eat them , just not with the same gusto as others .
 Do n't let this wreath get wet . I got one as a gift and left it out on a rainy day it fell apart in a soggy mess .
 These treats can create a very serious problem . I just opened the new bag I bought from Amazon and gave one to each of my three dogs and TWO OF THEM GOT THEM STUCK IN THEIR THROATS . Both were choking and both had to have them pried out of their mouths by my husband and I. Very scary . I have thrown them out . I DO NOT RECOMMEND ANYONE BUY THESE . Based on their shape , size and the fact that when they get wet they get sticky , they can choke your dog . DO N'T BUY THESE . PERIOD .
 Good collar - is the standard martingale NOT the martingale with the buckle that is pictured . I returned this item for the correct item and again received one without a buckle . Regardless , it 's a good price for the plain martingale .
 Conceptually this is a good method of transforming hard water into `` soft '' water via an ion exchange resin located inside the column . Unfortunately , hard water -LRB- which exists where water is pulled from the ground , typically -RRB- reduces the usability to about 10 gallons of water . Further , the columns are difficult to swap out without producing periodic leaks , they are awkward to store when not in use and they can not be regenerated at home necessitating the purchase of new columns very frequently.It does not provide value for the cost .
 Used this filter a few times and it worked well until it suddenly started to cause the filtered water to smell something akin to a strong chemical cat urine odor . I had added some water to a fish tank and the tank smelled rank . As a result , I had to change out the tank and add clean unfiltered water . I think the fish are okay . I will throw the unit away as it also is causing the entire room to smell awful . Total waste of money and I hope I did n't harm the fish by using this product .
 I Had to return this product . It did not work properly . Too bad , I was looking forward to using it .
 the postage is expensive than the item!and anybody did not let me know that !!! whay you do that did not tell me !!!
 OK , let me explain this . For years I just kept a simple liquid crystal thermometer stuck on the side of my tank with no problems . I got this to help regulate the maintenance and liked that it had an electronic thermometer . One day the alarm started going off and indicating a high temp . So I turned the thermostat down . This kept happening and happening until I was keeping the lid open and turned down the thermostat all the way down just to keep the temp in the right range . Over time my fish started acting strange and my normally healthy tank started to look sickly and even dead . All this time , my old liquid crystal temp was registering 72 degrees , while this thing was reading over 84 degrees . I knew I had turned my thermostat all the way down and that this thing was likely broken and decided to start relying on my old liquid crystal thermometer instead of this thing . It still works ok for monitoring the regular maintenance i.e. weekly water changes , monthly filter changes , etc. , just do n't trust the temperature because it does n't work and may potentially kill your fish .
 Ultimately you get what you pay for . In this case you get even less . The one I got made a lot of bubbles which my fish enjoyed swimming through . That 's the only positive I have for it.It 's made of cheap materials . It did n't hold together well . It was a pain to adjust . Not that adjusting it made a difference . The assembly instructions were horrendous.In short
 This unit never produced one drop of skimmate . It never even came close . I replaced it very quickly . This unit was a waste of money .
 Cheap , does not work and expels tons of micro-bubbles into the tank . never skimmed an once of anything all the bubbles went out into the tank not up to skim !!
 THis product is made very poorly and works very poorly . It is difficult to clean . It requires constant tlc just to get it to function . it is made so poorly that parts of it are ziptied together . Do not buy this even as a starter skimmer .
 I replaced a cheap Current USA Fission Protein Skimmer with what I now see is this cheap Visijet skimmer . What do you get for the price ? A clunky skimmer with absolutely the worst set of instructions I 've ever seen . The first step asks you to verify that all the parts are present . How does one do this since the instructions do n't provide a parts list ! Next step ? Tells you in a summary fashion `` to assemble the skimmer as displayed in the figure '' What figure ? The one that shows a completely assembled skimmer ? Or the one that shows a blow out of the only intact , pre-assembled part of the skimmer ? You can guess where some of the parts go but clearly some of them are inserted inside others and you have no real idea how . Utterly ridiculous!To top it off , the tubing included in the package is way , way too small for the attachments . I had to use spare tubing I had on hand . As the other reviewer notes , all the skimmer does is spit out micro bubbles ; it does ` nt do much else.Cheap is as cheap does . I recommend you choose a different product .
 Used this salt solution to hatch brine shrimp . Did not work and made the water very cloudy . took a few hours for the dust to settle .
 Any figure 8 harness is dangerous!I was trying one of these on my cat , so she could get used to it before we had to go anywhere using it.She immediately got her back leg caught in the chest strap , while scratching at it and trying to get it off . This tightened the noose around her neck dangerously tight ! The more she struggled to get her leg free , the more she choked herself!Thankfully , I stayed in the room after putting the harness on her , to watch her . I was able to free her within a minute of her entanglement , but she was traumatized by the whole experience and I feel lucky that she was not injured.If you think about it , any harness of this design is a potential strangle noose . No matter how much slack you leave around the cat 's neck , if the chest strap gets caught on anything , the neck strap will tighten .
 I bought this for my kitten Bengal . The plastic piece that you connect the leash too is in a terrible spot . It rests right on their shoulder blades and rubs as they walk . Another thing I do n't like is that the metal loop is fixed in place . So if they roll over on their back or rub against things it pokes them . My cats both use other harnesses fine but they hated this one . They walked around like they were drunk and kept falling over .
 not big enough for large pets yet it would take the weight of a larger animal to activate the heat . also the hard surface is not for indoor pets or older pets who need softer surfaces . also very expensive .
 product corner broke and plastic is brittle and cheap . cover does not fit properly . does heat ok . not as expected
 Length :
 I had one of these out side in dog house for feral cats and couldnt figure out why they were sleeping in box below where this was ... it was so hot it had bubbled and cover stuck to it ... so hot I couldnt touch it and scared me really bad ... I am hearing other reviews on this ...
 This is my first review and felt it necessary to comment on the product . This warmer is no suitable for puppies . The thin fleece mat is secured by 4 flimsey elastic cords . So Disappointed -- sorry I ordered it and it is going back . Not Recommended
 It 's close but no cigar . The biggest problem I had with this heating unit is this
 This unit is LOUD and it arrived with a piece that does not attach properly to the pump.I am very Disappointed !
 i bought this it took 3 wks to break in , did the recomended modifcations , got it setup and bubbling ran out of the house for awhile and i came back it had over flowed and the tank was minus 2 gillons , so people say thier great but I can not
 This thing is just plain loud . . air bubbles in a reef tank isnt good as well ! . . save your money it will probably arrive broken as mine did . . pure junk ! sad to see coming from a reputable company like marineland \ instant ocean
 this is the worst product ever ... simply check the myriad of online modifications that people have come about in order for this skimmer to work , It simply does not work at all . It is noisy and VERY DIFFICULT to adjust , again just see in you tube videos about modifications needed , , , do not waste your time or money .
 This is a terrible product , it seemed to be fine within the first few weeks , then it turned into the worst skimmer you can buy . I originally bought one for my 90 gal tank , but soon replaced it with a skimmer that could handle the tank , I now have the SeaClone 100 on my 20 gallon tank with just an undulated triggerfish in . This product is only somewhat useful if you replace the plastic valve they give you with a brass one .
 Put your money back in your pocket on this one . Save up for a decent skimmer if you are going to buy one . Sure this thing is priced right but it is a case of getting exactly what you paid for . I have one of these and use it on a 55 gallon tank . I get some results but nothing like you would get with a better skimmer . I rate it a 2 out of 5 cause I do get some thick green/brown skimmate using it so there is my proof it does work . It seems to like to spit out microbubbles by the trillions so sump placement may be better than the hang on . I do n't have room for a sump so I hang it on the back . However if you are determined on buying this thing or have the tools and materials to modify it to work better the price is right for the materials to use this beast as a foundation to mod . I ca n't take anything away from the Maxi-Jet 1200 pump that comes with it . I 'll score the powerhead 5 stars ... but the rest of that contraption still gets 2 stars .
 This product is so bad that it boggles the mind . Only giving it one star because zero is not an option .
 I purchased two units thinking that I accidentally broke the first one , Every time I would attempt to clean everything the lower fitting would crack/break causing water leak . I would stay away from purchasing this unit .
 Will never buy one of theses again , I 've had 2 shipped to me and both of them had the same problem , Pump do n't work like it 's should .
 Stopped working after a month . What a joke of a product . It did work great for a month though . Seriously though , if you buy this product , it just means you like wasting money . I thought I would be the one person this product worked for . Guess not .
 Worked fine until cat turned around backwards and just slipped right out of the harness . Not dependable .
 Any figure 8 harness is dangerous!I was trying one of these on my cat , so she could get used to it before we had to go anywhere using it.She immediately got her back leg caught in the chest strap , while scratching at it and trying to get it off . This tightened the noose around her neck dangerously tight ! The more she struggled to get her leg free , the more she choked herself!Thankfully , I stayed in the room after putting the harness on her , to watch her . I was able to free her within a minute of her entanglement , but she was traumatized by the whole experience and I feel lucky that she was not injured.If you think about it , any harness of this design is a potential strangle noose . No matter how much slack you leave around the cat 's neck , if the chest strap gets caught on anything , the neck strap will tighten .
 My 14-lb cat did not fit in this at all . I loosened the straps all the way and still could not buckle the straps .
 Do n't buy this brush . The picture shows a brush with an oval shaped brush head and the product description states that the brush has an oval head . IT DOES NOT.The old GripSoft pin brush for dogs did have an oval shaped head and they were wonderful . We have used them for years on our Golden Retrievers . But , of course , the manufacturer could n't leave a good design alone . Now the brush comes with a round brush head which is not as efficient and covers less of the dog 's coat with each sweep of the brush . Far inferior to the previous design . We ordered two , but sent them back to Amazon when we opened the box and saw the new design .
 This dog brush started falling apart within days of use . totally unusable after two months . the pins would get pushed into the rubber.save money look elsewhere .
 I had no clue what a `` double thick '' colar was . It was just quite literally twice as thick . I 'm not sure why you want that , but it did n't bother me . What did bother me is that in the picture it has a lovely blue sheen . When I got it it was just lavender . I was disappointed and ended up returning it .
 I want to start by saying that this harness is really easy to use and seems to be very comfortable for my cat . I was thrilled that I found it . Unfortunately , one of the plastic pieces used to adjust the size is incredibley flimsy . The first harness lasted roughly 10 `` walks '' -LRB- not really a walk , since my cat just lazily hangs out on the patio '' and then broke , rendering the harness useless . I was heartbroken , but ordered another.Now , after 3 uses , the same plastic buckle broke again ! Disappointing and clearly a design flaw . Unfortunately , I need to find a different harness to use .
 Any figure 8 harness is dangerous!I was trying one of these on my cat , so she could get used to it before we had to go anywhere using it.She immediately got her back leg caught in the chest strap , while scratching at it and trying to get it off . This tightened the noose around her neck dangerously tight ! The more she struggled to get her leg free , the more she choked herself!Thankfully , I stayed in the room after putting the harness on her , to watch her . I was able to free her within a minute of her entanglement , but she was traumatized by the whole experience and I feel lucky that she was not injured.If you think about it , any harness of this design is a potential strangle noose . No matter how much slack you leave around the cat 's neck , if the chest strap gets caught on anything , the neck strap will tighten .
 It works , but not as well as it could . A simple fact about the front leg structure of a cat is that their shoulder blades rise and fall as they walk - this harness unfortunately locates the small top plastic part right in line with their shoulder blades and appears rather uncomfortable for our cat . Not the greatest product I 've purchased from amazon , that 's for sure .
 PURCHASED 11/25/2011 . DOESNT WORK . I HAVE HAD SEVERAL OF THESE WORKED FINE . I TRIED 2 DIFFERENT AIR PUMPS , DIFFERENT HOSE . LEVELED IT , BLEW THRU IT . . ONLY ABOUT 4 '' OF IT WORKS . BOUGHT IT ON AMAZON . WASTED MY MONEY.HI AS OF JANUARY 2012 IT IS WORKING BETTER ABOUT HALF OF WHAT IT IS SUPPOSED TO . I THINK THE PRODUCT SHIPPED TO ME FROM OZBO ON AMAZON MAY HAVE BEEN VERY OLD OR DEFECTIVE . I HAVE HAD MANY OF THESE ITEMS BEFORE AND NEVER HAD THIS PROBLEM .
 Distroyed in 15 min . A waste of money with the risk of plastic `` squeek '' being eaten . This is the third product from this company that did not live up to expectations
 My boxer/lab , a year old , took a little longer than usual to tear this one apart and spread stuffing throughout the house . It 's advertised as stuffing-free but the head and tail are stuffed . It comes with removable and extra squeakers , something I 've never seen . If your dog is n't prove to `` plushie-cide '' , you 'll love it .
 My dog liked it ... too much . I did expect more from a KONG product . It has taken 2 weeks , but it is now completely gutted , inside out , with every attachment gone -LRB- that was day 1 -RRB- . There was stuffing in it somewhere , contrary to the description ; this is all gone too . Now he 's working on ripping up the fabric . Soon it will be no more .
 After reading the reviews I thought this would be perfect for my new rescue dog who seems to chew more than our other dog . It was n't . The head and tail were chewed to bits in probably less than 10 minutes . My dog is a Sheltie , probably German Shepherd mix so we are n't talking mega-jaws here . I gave the extra star because it is cute but did not have the durability that I expected from Kong toys .
 Squeaker was out in about 5 minutes , from then on it was shredded to pieces . It got shook around and just kept coming apart .
 My 1-year old Lab played with this toy about 10 minutes and had ripped the eyes out . I sewed the hole shut . Within another 5 minutes she had the seams ripped apart and holes in the head of the toy . Not recommended for a chewer .
 It works , but it really hurts my bichon when I try using it on her . It is n't well made . I would n't recommend this .
 I do n't like this . It 's too big . I 'm scarred to use this as I might hurt my little one . I even looked on youtube and the web for instructions . Wish someone would post a video .
 I think the rake/brush had been repackaged -LRB- used -RRB- . When I used it on our Bichon , it really did n't cut through mats . The dull , serrated edges pulled on his fur and after trying different things , we gave up . It was just too painful for him . I suspect the rake we received had been sent back by someone else who gave up . This rake is BIG - note the sheepdog on the packaging .
 Probably worth rather less than the low I paid for the 5 blades I bought . Handle broke on first use . Jury rigged it so that I can get some use from it.Blade is sharp , at least so far , but why not put teeth on both sides as is normal ? That way you double the use of the implement.All in all , I would hesitate to buy anything else from JW Pet Company .
 My hamster climbed up the bars of her cage , pushed the water bottle up through the top opening , and escaped . We found her a few days later . I filled up the water bottle and put it back in the cage -LRB- evening -RRB- . The next day I got home from work and the bottle was empty . There was a tiny crack near the top that must have happened during the fall , the pressure dropped and all of the water had leaked out into her cage . I applied electrical tape all around the top of the bottle to cover the hole and to help the bottle fit more tightly into the hole . She was soooo thirsty - I 'm so glad I checked her immediately on returning from work . They should redesign so the bottle clips into the cage and use a tougher plastic .
 Got this bottle with my critter trail hamster cage . Never squeezed it , of course , and it drips constantly , soaking the hamster 's bedding . But why would n't it ? It 's the weight of water pushing down onto an open hole , albeit small . Not good , looking to buy an alternative .
 This bottle drips all the time . It came with a crittertrail home that I used for my dwarf hamster , and I bought one of the water bottles with the ball at the end , because it dripped so badly that it made my hamster 's bedding soaking wet in two days . It 's also really hard to take off the plastic tip to refill it .
 I had a hamster with the exact same bottle and I knew not to squeeze it , so I did n't . A few days after my hamster finished it 's nest . The water had leaked into the nest and it got nemonia . It had died overnight . When I picked her up to play , she was cold , wet , and dead . DO NOT BUY THIS IF YOU LOVE YOUR HAMSTER !!!
 I have an aquarium with a Super Pet cage inside of it . My pet mouse chewed through the top of this water bottle . Due to the lack of pressure , the water all dropped out of the bottle and because the water bottle is not see-through , I could not see that she did not have any water and she died . Buy a glass water bottle , or an additional water bottle .
 do not charge my chard again . if my card is charged one more time for this harness i will take legal action for illegal usage of my credit card , which is considered a felony charge and if you keep sending me emails saying thank you for your recent purchase -LRB- which i get every month for some reason -RRB- i will cancel my card immediately and press chargessincerely , ashley kollars
 Is this a misprint ??? 88 bucks for a little 1/2gallon bowl ?? This cant be right ... must be wrong in ad
 While the bowl I received served the purpose it was intended for -LRB- serving gummy fish at my daughter 's party -RRB- , it looks completely different than the pictures in the listing . It is flat on the bottom and on the side so it can sit upright and at an angle . Which was fine , luckily , but it would have been a problem had it been intended for actual fish or something that I wanted the bowl to look symmetrical . The bowl itself is decent quality for the price , and had a plastic lid , which came in handy keeping our candy fresh . But again - was expecting something different . So just be aware , the product I received does not look anything like the bowl pictured and you may get the same .
 These fish bowls are so flimsy , you 're better off just getting a large mason jar . The plastic is thin , sharp on the edges , and does not seem useful as an actual fishbowl .
 Fish keeping is probably one of the most , if not the misunderstood hobbies out there . Part of the problem is bad information and inappropriate housing for fishes like this half gallon fish bowl . Goldfish are a lot more difficult than what a lot of people would know , I should know from personal experience . Goldfish requires to be in at least 20 gallon tanks with powerful filters . Since they are social animals , I would recommend a 55 gallon tank for about 3-5 goldfish . With bettas , they require to be in heated fish tanks . They are tropical fish that originated in Thailand . They are used to warm waters of 75 to 80 degrees . I know what I am talking about . I have done plenty of research on bettas . For those who think I am wrong about bettas needing to be in heated tanks , please go google betta fish forums and ask people . Experienced hobbyists will tell you that bettas do need heaters in their tanks -LRB- not unless you live in Thailand or somewhere in Indonesia -RRB- . There is no way one can heat a half gallon bowl without overheating the water and killing the fish . A 2.5 gallon Kritter Keeper is a good alternative or a new , unused 5 gallon plastic tub from Target . Both can be heated properly and they are n't very expensive either . The only thing I could think of using this half gallon bowl is as a nano tank , a planted tank but do not put any fish or snails in it . I definitely can not nor will not recommend this 1/2 gallon bowl for new fish owners . The life span of your fish will greatly diminish because of their physical needs . Please do your research before you spend your money on cheap products like this bowl here .
 Caring for fish in a very small bowl like this one is stressful both for the fish and the fishkeeper.In a small bowl like this , the fish 's waste will build up rapidly -LRB- espcially since there is no filter -RRB- . This causes suffering -LRB- for example , eye and skin irritation -RRB- , sickness , and even death . You can try to prevent this by changing the water frequently ; however , frequent water changes are also stressful for the fish . -LRB- Not to mention a pain for the fishkeeper ! -RRB- In addition , the temperature of such a small volume of water will fluctuate rapidly ; another source of stress for the fish . You can not use a heater in a bowl this small.In particular , this bowl is * not * ideal for goldfish and bettas.Goldfish grow to be up to one foot long . Even when they are smaller , they produce a lot of waste . Goldfish need 10-20 gallons of water * each * , and they are schooling fish so you should n't have just one.Bettas are tropical fish . They need a tank heated to 80F ; there is no way to safely heat a tank smaller than 5 gallons.If you 'd like to care for a fish , please read some of the excellent websites out there and learn all you can . -LRB- Ignore manufacturers websites , since of course they will say their products are great , even crummy products like this one . -RRB- Get the largest tank you can afford . If you ca n't afford a large enough tank , please do n't get the fish .
 These small containers are terrible . The fish has no room to swim , ammonia builds up , water parameters get messed up , the temperature gets messed up , etc. . Please get your fish a proper aquarium set-up , as your fish will thank you .
 This Fish bowl looks way bigger in the picturethen what it really is ... a small gold fish isperfect for this but a beta fish or a regularsized gold fish looks cramped in that tinyfish bowl ... not at all satisfied ...
 I bought this brush for my 6 lbs yorkie.I previously used Chris Christensen brush , which was very soft but pricey -LRB- $ 40 ish -RRB- . I lost it so I was looking for an economical replacement.I found this `` soft pin dog brush '' w / positive reviews , so I decided to order one.Too bad , this brush is way too rough . I even tried on my arm and leaves me temporary marks.I ca n't imagine combing my little baby 's delicate skin with this roughly polished pins.I just wasted my 7 bucks : -LRB-
 I 've used this maybe 5 times and the blade is already pitted . Is it made of aluminum foil or something ?
 I know this is suppose to be small for small dogs . But the picture is misleading on the size . I was disappointed it is way too small it is almost hard to even put my fingers through the holes and I have small hands . I guess it will do the job . Not happy with it thou .
 I loved the idea behind the python , and set it up easily enough . I think its a total rip off to charge $ 50 for a piece of plastic tubing with some plastic attached to it.The hose adapter that attaches to the faucet broke so easily when i screwed it in . It takes ALOT of water pressure to make this work correctly . The replacement piece of plastic cost me $ 10 bucks more than the already rip off Python . Good concept but made of cheap stuff , get a metal/iron one or make your own !!
 Despite the photo showing 3 bundles of chews , if you order this item you will only get one bundle of under 50 chews . Too pricey for me - I returned them and will order something else .
 You do n't get much for $ 15.97 , that 's for sure ! And , to make it worse , for some reason the dogs do n't like them -- have given them to four dogs who LOVE rawhides , but these just sit . I should have returned them .
 The listing say made from US cows , cornfed . The PACKAGE says Made in Columbia.I have a hard time understanding how or why they would ship `` US cows '' to Columbia to make rawhide and who knows what else , then ship the product back ??? The packaging led me to believe these were made in USA and they are not.American pets have died from eating foreign-made goods , so I will definitely pass on these.Please correct the listing !
 I am not pleased with the twist sticks . They are very thin and unevenly wound . I will go back to purchasing the ones WalMart has .
 While is was attracted to the stainless steel construction -LRB- I have foster dogs that occasionally are chewers -RRB- . My disappointment comes from the rubber ring . It does not stand up very well , especially given the constant washing it went thru . I bought about 6 of these and the ring on 5 broke off.Perhaps others who would use the product in a less rigorous environment would be satisfied .
 I bought our python about 4 months ago and we just ordered our third nozzle . After the first nozzle broke , we were very careful and the 2nd nozzle still broke . The plastic threads on the nozzle break apart after it is on the faucet . This is a great , innovative product and it does really help with changing the water , but I wish they would use a higher quality product and charge more money , if needed .
 Great design in theory , but very cheaply built . They fall apart and/or crack in half with very little use . I guess it 's a good thing they 're somewhat cheap .
 The unit would not shut off water completely when in closed position . It is totally useless . I may either try to put in a washer to totally seal the valve , or purchase another one hoping the first one is defective .
 When I first bought my python water changer I was very happy with it . But after the second fitting in the sink attachment broke it got expensive . I looked up this problem and only wish I had read the other reviews more carefully . It 's fragile and so on the second replacement I always kept a loop of hose on the sink to ease the strain on the weak part . Still it broke . You have to buy the whole faucet unit each time so 90 % of the good parts are trashed in the end with the essential piece . Currently I am working on making a homemade version from instructions on the net . All told it 's a decent concept with one piece turning it into a disposable , expensive and wasteful product.I have also noticed that two other companies are using similar units in their products . So use caution .
 Picture on this add makes it look like you 're getting all the parts . . be careful ! I was searching for the faucet adapter but ended up with the open/close valve !
 The first few times I used this , it worked great . Unfortunately , the third or fourth time I used it , the rubber cover developed a small tear and water started leaking out . Maybe I overtightened the screw ? Anyway , after another two or three uses , it was pretty much useless . I decided to build a better one myself by getting parts from the hardware storge , but maybe it 'll work better for you . Maybe two stars is too harsh , it 's not terrible , it just worked out badly for me .
 Unfortunately , this universal adaptor is n't actually universal . It did n't even come close to fitting my kitchen or bathroom faucets , which are n't unusual models at all . I had high hopes for the Python , so I had to return that and the adaptor . Very disappointed .
 First of all , let me say that I 've bought my last package of Tidy Cats after being a customer for over 30 years . You know a litter is useless when it can stink up a 1,500 sq. ft. basement with great ease . This litter has been changed by the company , Purina , to the point that renders it useless . Hubby just took back two 37 pound pails of this stuff after we went down to our basement and about keeled over from the smell . I threw out the rest of the litter , dumped it from the boxes -LRB- yes , Persians require TWO boxes per cat to do their business ! -RRB- and refilled them with Arm & Hammer . The A&H is amazing - no odor whatsoever ! LOVE that stuff ! Plus , the Tidy Cats was jamming the automatic litter box , coating the edges , leaving me with a hugely disgusting mess to clean , DAILY . It 's thicker , not as finely ground as before , with NO odor control . This 24/7 one was the one I just pitched . You know , it 's pretty bad when the cat comes upstairs and paws your leg to get you to change the box he only used once . Come on , Purina , what are you doing ? Buy the Arm & Hammer , you 'll thank me daily for that decision !
 I ca n't believe all the glowing reviews for this product . It 's creepy . Clouds of dust drift upwards whenever you gently run the scoop through it . The dust then settles on every surface of the room . Not to mention your hands ... well ok , let 's mention them . I scrub my hands after using this stuff and I swear the sickly sweet perfume odor can not be washed off ! My hands stink of grandmother perfume for an hour afterwards as though I had been building sand castles on a cat litter beach . And this is just from touching the scoop and being in the vicinity of the ominous dust cloud . Yikes . At least when strangers visit they do n't immediately comment on your owning a cat . No , instead it 's `` Oh does your grandmother live with you ? And what 's up with all the white powder ? I thought people quit that stuff back in the '80s . ''
 The retail product price for this item is $ 12.95 , not $ 57.00 . Is this a package of 4 ? 6 ? It 's a good product and I use it for my 2 cats , but if anyone buys this `` deal '' for one 14-pound container , they are getting a very raw deal .
 They cut , but they are not nearly as sharp or of the same good quality as others that are even cheaper than this one . At $ 9 I would definitely not buy this . I bought an Oster for $ 6 . It is much more durable , the grip feels better in my hand , and it cuts better .
 I own this product and I own the Aqueon equivalent . Obviously , this type of product is a must for any serious aquarium owner , but the Python version of this hose is seriously crappy compared to the Aqueon . The piece that connects to the faucet leaks and is not well built . Just tonight I was cleaning my aquariums and the faucet piece broke in half while filling and sprayed water all over myself and my kitchen . The Aqueon version has never leaked and is clearly better made . I just wish my Aqueon was 50 foot instead of 25 , as I 'd definitely use it exclusively .
 I had to purchase an extra connection hose as the original hose length was just not far enough , although the space between my kitchen sink and my living room where the fish tank is , is not very far at all.The seller provided an extra metal sink attachment/spigot for free as the original plastic one never withstands the test of time or use , which I am very grateful.I tried using the T connector to suck the water out of the tank and into my sink , but there is either too much leakage or my water pressure is n't there . And even if it did work , I am not on city water so I feel like running water to remove water from my tank into my sink feels wasteful.I used this product for a good six months before the vacuum canister started to leak air from the top . Still works well enough , but it does n't suck as vigorously as it did previously . I am still using it years later . I should probably replace it.Would consider buying another brand like the Aqueon next time . My mother in law bought that an Aqueon and hers has lasted where mine has not and it looks like it is a better made than the Python .
 I was conflicted over giving the Python 2 or 3 stars - partly because it just broke in the same place for the third time running -LRB- so I 've about had it -RRB- but conversely it has been the most helpful product I have purchased associated with the aquarium hobby . It will clean your gravel , save your back , and keep you from spilling water everywhere while draining and filling your tank . However , the pump part that attaches to the faucet - the critical part - is mostly cheap plastic interlocking parts . My pump keeps breaking near the top where a small funnel screws into the main body of the pump - exactly . Not to mention that even with Teflon tape I often get a significant amount of spray - and if you over-tighten plastic screw parts they 're going to break or be stripped . absolutely no leakage at the other connection near the suction tube - which is made of a stronger and reinforced plastic.I have a 50 gallon tank that is close to my sink . I do not tend to be rough with my things . My usage of the product is best described as casual - I am lazy about changing the water as often as it should be done . That the parts are only warrantied at Python 's discretion -LRB- you are told to send them the broken part with ` your order ' and they decide whether it is on warranty -RRB- for one year and my replacement pumps seem to break after the anniversary of their purchase has me off to the competition to give them a try . Save for the flawed pump - with its cheap plastic parts - this would be a superior product .
 I purchased this based on all the positive reviews here . That was a big mistake . Maybe for this kind of money I was expecting actual quality and not the $ 20.00 worth of cheap plastic that I received . The idea is great , but the quality is a joke . The attachment that goes to the sink leaks and sprays water when switched to fill the tank . The suction created by the `` Venturi '' effect is a joke . The whole product is junk . It 's actually easier for me to just use a drinking water safe garden hose attached to my sink to fill my 125 gallon tank than the Python , and just use a regular gravel cleaner and drain the water into buckets than to deal with the hassle of this device . It by no means makes aquarium maintenance easier . I remember a day not too long ago when `` Made In America '' actually meant quality . It seems like everything made today is total crap , but you still pay premium prices for it . Everything has become so profit oriented that companies seem to have lost the ability to actually make a quality product , and American workers have become so lazy and feel entitled to everything without actually working for it . I believe it was the late Steve Jobs who said '' Take care of the top of the line and the bottom line will take care of itself '' . Python and many other companies could learn from this .
 This is very cheaply made and a piece of Velcro bought from the hardware store would have been just as good . Do n't waste your money .
 A professor of mine had a bed that looked similar to this , and my dog loved it ! So I thought it would be time to buy her a bed with the faux sheepskin that she could nestle around in.This is not faux sheepskin . The interior doesnt seem to be orthopedic either . The picture is not what you 'll receive . The top layer is a thin , pseudo-fuzzy material that collects tons of static electricity.The interior stuffing went flat within a few weeks of use . I had to restuff it myself so that it was n't completely flat . Now , my dog is n't that big , so I was amazed to see it flattened so fast . I got the larger bed for her , and she is only 35 pounds . So I would attribute the flatness to the cheap materials , and not just my dog.Its not worth the money to buy this one . There is far better that are actually as described . It only deserves one star since the dog occasionally sleeps on it .
 He absolutely will NOT use this . Also , the top comes off too easily . I was very disappointed and so was Fitzsimmons .
 A professor of mine had a bed that looked similar to this , and my dog loved it ! So I thought it would be time to buy her a bed with the faux sheepskin that she could nestle around in.This is not faux sheepskin . The interior doesnt seem to be orthopedic either . The picture is not what you 'll receive . The top layer is a thin , pseudo-fuzzy material that collects tons of static electricity.The interior stuffing went flat within a few weeks of use . I had to restuff it myself so that it was n't completely flat . Now , my dog is n't that big , so I was amazed to see it flattened so fast . I got the larger bed for her , and she is only 35 pounds . So I would attribute the flatness to the cheap materials , and not just my dog.Its not worth the money to buy this one . There is far better that are actually as described . It only deserves one star since the dog occasionally sleeps on it .
 This bed was small-not for the size dog they recomended-and very flimsy . I could feel the tile floor through the bottom of the bed easily . The sides of the bed were barely higher than the bottom . The only thing good about this bed is the cute material , but that was not enough to keep me from returning it . Overall , poor quality and construction .
 Works well with the Firstrax barrel/holder . It is longer/taller that the other brand . So it does not fit the other holder . But it works for whats needed .
 I checked all over for bags to clean up after Buddy the wonder dog . He is a service canine and a woderfull dog that daily gives his life to assist me . When I had a home and could keep it up , he could see me need to bend over to pick up after him and was so smart , he would go back to the end of the property in the woods to go , to save my pain . I have arthritis of the spine.I wish I was that intelligent and considerate.Now going to dog walking parks and renting , I must be considerate and have found these bags very reasonable and do the job fine.Whats not to like , the world is good and Buddy , nicknamed Hollywood , cause he is a star that just loves everyone . When we drive through town , everyone says , HI BUDDY , and nothing for me LOLOLOLOL . he does deserve the hello 's ten times over and these bags help all off us be good people to others and are cost effective .
 The bags are thick and easy to dispense - but I usually spend fifteen minutes standing over a fresh poop trying to open them -- would not use again .
 I bought this comb for a Maltese and it does n't work well at all . Although it looks nice -LRB- only reason I gave it 2 stars -RRB- it does n't glide through the hair like some others so is pretty much useless . I do have the Safari 71/2 '' and small 41/2 '' and they work MUCH better ! The Safari combs run smooth through the dog coat .
 ` Be aware that this is not the product in the picture with encased connection from handle to bucket . ' I specifically selected the bucket because in the photo there is a covering over the spot where the handle is connected to the bucket.This is NOT what I received . The bucket I received was hazardous . The handle goes through a flap that protrude beyond the top of the pail . It is hooked on openly and can cause serious injury to the face and or eye of the dog . There are documented cases of such injury . I was able to have the open hook area crimped down and WELDED smooth . so that I can use safely the bucket .
 I just bought one of these figuring it would last longer and be more durable than the plastic versions , but it does not hold water . It overflows the basin and leaks its entire contents within an hour . Must be a tiny leak somewhere . What a hassle . Poor quality product . I tried calling the listed customer service number and it does n't work either .
 I did get a couple of years out of it , but it is starting to rust . It hangs ok , but the handle is made for carrying not hanging so it `` slips '' all the time causing it to drain out . Which leaves the chickens out of water all the dang time . Still looking for a GOOOOD hanging replacement ... tried plastic and this .
 I do n't know why I keep buying these , but the owner of my feed store says they 're still better than the plastic ones . If you baby them you can get a couple of years out of them , but that 's about it and they seem way to simple and expensive to only last that long . 2 important issues to recognize ; 1 . These are not hanging waterers and2 . Do n't even move much by the handle on the outside cover.There are two handles , one inside and one outside . The cover locks into a rivet at the bottom , and if you lift it by the handle on the cover all of the weight of the water is put on the rivet causing it to bend and fail . Hanging from the outside handle will only speed this process.Even with that problem addressed they still fail to hold the vacuum seal over time and releases the contents . The galvanization quality is poor as well and they will rust.It kills me when a simple product is designed to perform one simple function and in time it does n't work . We should n't be too proud this one is made in the USA ... it 's a cheap piece of crap by design that they get outrageous money for.PS
 That thing leaked all over my coop , no matter if it was leveled or not . The bottom seal was the problem , I resealed it with aquarium silicone -LRB- safe for food -RRB- and now it keeps water . I did not want to go thru returning and paying for shipping so I fixed it . I should have made one myself . Seller did send me shipping fee back to my account for my trouble .
 I 've had this product for less than a year . It is full of rust and has to be replaced . Kept out of the weather and used just for water - which is its intended purpose . So why is it full of rust ?
 Does n't work . I have to go in and lift it just to get water to seep out into the bowl part . It was also bent in shipping .
 the product arrived quickly , but it was damaged and unusable . it was a waste of money to ship the the item here and back to return it when i could have got the same thing -LRB- only better -RRB- for less from my local feed mill
 Bought in May for chickens handle weld broke and no more hanging waterer ... if you only set this on ground it should be ok . Hanging lets us set the waterer at the right height for chicks as they grow . Only 4 months and broken doesnt speak well for this item .
 What a great deal ! I bought these not to use exclusively , but to use in addition to going outdoors . These are like the last resort if she ca n't make it out in time . Unfortunately my pup has chosen one type of pee-pee pads and these are not them . She will completely ignore these and have her accidents on the floor next to it instead . Such a bummer .
 I realize now `` Four Square '' may be the brand of the bowls , but it appears to be 4 square bowls for sale , especially with the photo showing multiple bowls . As you figured out , I just received the one bowl . It is fantastic quality , but I was looking for cheap ceramic simple bowls and I 'm so disappointed right now .
 ... and Napoleon will eat pretty much anything . Including some dried up cilantro that was on my kitchen floor just now . Gross .
 I have two cats . Neither one of them are very picky , but they did not care for the bonita flakes .
 The one ounce size was advertised , but I received the .5 ounce size . There was a white sticker on the container with the words `` one ounce `` typed on it , but the container had 1/2 ounce printed on it ! If my cats did n't love this product so much , I would have given it one star . I will not not be ordering this product through Amazon again because of the incorrect size shipped to me . The seller was Gulf Coast Pet Supplies and the price was $ 7.13
 I had seen a local rescue center feeds the cats these as a treat and the cats there went crazy over them . Well my catdid n't feel the same . I gave some to a friend who has cats and they did n't care for them either . I ended up giving therest of what I got to the rescue center .
 Unfortunately my cat would not eat it . I do n't think there is anything I can say after that , other than I 'm very disappointed and now I have a tub of this stuff which I do n't know what to do with . My cat is n't picky about which food she eats and loves turkey and tuna from our plates so I 'm surprised this did n't work for her . But I liked the packaging .
 The product itself deserves 5 stars as all 3 of my cats go crazy and sometimes even fight for it . However , Cat-Man-Doo or `` Bonito Flakes '' as the Japanese call them are used in actual cooking and if you look it up under this name on Amazon , there are sellers who are selling it for a fraction of the price listed here . You can also find this at your local Korean/Japanese grocer in big bags that last months .
 When I buy a 5 star item from Amazon , it is always a good product . In this case , the product may be just fine quality wise , but for some reason my cats hate these flakes . Of the two cats , when presented with the flakes - one gave me a `` are you stupid '' look and the other one gave me a `` why did you do this to me '' look . Both of the cats like all other cat treats and are not picky eaters . Do n't know why they do n't like these , both of them go nuts for seafood . Given that all the other reviews are very positive , perhaps I got a bad batch of flakes and it is just an aberration , but both cats are very much `` Do Not Want ! '' on these flakes .
 My cat will not touch it . He gives me a `` are you kidding me '' look . On the bright side , my dog likes them .
 I bought this crate for my 12 pound dachshund and it is labeled to hold up to a 20 pound dog ! She ripped open the front cloth in less than an hour of being in it and escaped . That was only the second or third time of use . I like the wire cages much better .
 Item received was not what is pictured.Beware ; this is not SportDogs material , received Guardian Brand . The wire and flags are aftermarket and box did not contain all items listed in kit . I can not locate any description of the wire gage , so I 'm not sure what I received . Very , Very disappointed !
 Beware , this is not SportDogs materials . The wire and flags are aftermarket . Very dissappointed .
 If you try to install this piece of junk , all you will end up with is an ugly hole in your door , hours wasted , and your extreme anger . It is simply impossible to cut a hole to the exact tolerances required to make this work properly . It does n't even come with the proper screws to hold it in place properly . I bought one smaller one for my cat and this one for my dog . I have high-quality wood working equipment and I still could n't make it work properly . This company is a bunch of swindlers - any one who tried to install this would immediately realize it is an unworkable design .
 This does not last , it has very flimisy frame . I put mine in in Nov and it broke Christmas Eve ! It has a plastic flap that opens with the door on one side and that never worked properly , it would get stuck open half way all the time , sometimes it snapes shut later on the dog when they try to come back in . I called the company and with receipt they will replace or refund , but if they refund what do you do with the big hole in your door if you cant find another door that fits that hole !!! Very disapointed with this product .
 Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeell , my journey began trying to find a cat door that was `` TRULY '' transparent . In fact , I passed up all the ones at the stores because none of them were truly `` transparent '' or `` Clear / See-through '' , as I like to say . Bought this one because the package depicted `` clear '' . `` Transparent '' or clear to me is like looking through a window . Turns out NONE of cat doors by any manufacturer is clear . They are ALL `` fogged '' or `` opaque '' . Adapting this door to a well constructed , outdoor cat house , I thought the cat would enjoy being able to see through the door to be aware of whats going on around it while also observing me . Not only was I disappointed that the door was n't clear , the door is designed in a way that does n't make any sense to a cat . It 's a funky 2 flap , one door design . I threw this door in the trash . Get a PetSafe Cat flat - It 's well constructed/designed - I like it and the cat likes it .
 This is more of a medium size door . It says for dogs up to 100 lbs . but my dogs are about 75 lbs . and they hated it . They would hit their knees and/or back side when going in or out . Had to get rid of it -LRB- waste of my money -RRB- because my two dogs stopped using it . Went with a PetSafe door where a large door is an actual large door .
 Unfortunately , you ca n't believe the picture on the staywell box . Border Collies and English Springer Spaniels do not easily fit through the door flap ... unless they are on the very small & skinny side . Picture a contortionist going through a small opening because that 's exactly how a 35lb dog will look going through the door flap - they fit but only just and with some work to get through . If the dog weighs any more than that , good luck making them squeeze through the narrow opening.The flap is made out of plastic and has a cheap plastic `` rod '' system that supposedly holds the door flap in place . Two days later and the plastic is broken . Definitely not worth your money . We tried the larger , too , and had the same issue ... big enough for our dog , but broke within a short-time after installation .
 In the picture it shows several toobs and accessories . The only thing I got when it came in was the long yellow toob for 11.81 after shipping charges . Nothing else came with it . They try to trick you and make you think you are getting everything shown .
 The clippers work pretty good but it comes in a kit with the a file . I thought this was a great idea but you try to use the file once and it falls apart and does n't even work . I would n't spend the money on this .
 I have been using this for about a week and comparing it against my API Master Test Kit and here are the results I got.I have a 10 gallon tropical freshwater tank , a 8 gallon shrimp tank and a small betta fish tank.All of the them are cycled and controlling the parameters are important for the shrimp tank.I got this for the convenience vs liquid test kits , which are known to be more accurateThere was well over 1 year till the expiry date but I have found the test strips to be inaccurate.Tetra test strips vs. API master test kitNitrate -LRB- ppm -RRB-
 I purchased 100 strips of the 6 in 1 test strips ; Amazon has chosen to put the ammonia and 6 in 1 test strips on the same page . The 6 in 1 test strips DO NOT HAVE AN AMMONIA TEST , so if you 're buying the ammonia test only , you should disregard my review because it will not apply to the ammonia test.Tetra has false advertising on the bottle itself . The label says `` Complete all in one testing ! - 60 Second check of
 This is not 6-in-1 test . They actually send you Amonia test strips . Make sure you get what you are paying for ...
 product does not come with color scale so you can read the results making the test strips worthless . Ordered the ammonia strips and the 6 in 1 strips and neither one had a color scale to read the results . Extremely disappointed . Now I have to purchase them at a local pet store in order to get the color scale .
 I had this for 6 months , before the strips stopped giving accurate readings . I had to throw it away with about 60 strips to go . it was showing 0 nitrates but in fact it had spiked to over 80 ppm in my saltwater tank . What made suspect something was the discoloration of the nitrite tab , usually white , but started becoming dark after dipping . The expiration was 18 months from the date of purchase 12/2013 . While this is the best price per strip I will never buy this many at a time again .
 The muzzle basically does the job so far , but my dog and I have n't put it to the test around other dogs yet . Partly because I 'm still a bit nervous as to how it will hold up . The overall quality of the product is poor . It is basically constructed of a few pieces of velcro . The manufacturers could have at least made the product with a less abrasive material . I feel the product would chafe my dogs face if left on for longer than 15 minutes . All in all , it stays on my dog and works like the description minus the `` comfort '' part .
 Pulled apart at the neck sewn reinforcement square on it 's 2nd use . I think the strap was not sewn in far enough . I would recommend checking stability of the sewing prior to using . Otherwise a very nice muzzle , comfortable fit for the dog .
 Received this muzzle quickly and tried it on my setter -LRB- not the easiest to get on while the dog is squirming -RRB- . Once it was on her correctly , she had it off in less than 5 minutes . Velcro also catches the fur . Incredibly flimsy construction . Ca n't believe you sell it for the price + shipping . Very disappointed .
 It 's been awhile since I 've purchased a kitten collar . I guess I assumed that anyone who cares about kittens would have a break away feature . The stretchy elastic means that the collar is stuck in the kittens teeth shortly after putting it on . Not pretty when the collar wo n't break away . I would not recommend this collar . I would rate it less than 1 if I could .
 I just purchased this leash . After using it for 3 days , the reflective material started to peel right off . I have had it now for 2 weeks , and there is only 50 % of the reflective material left on it . There is no guarantee that it will stay on . It 's a nice leash otherwise . Very strong and sturdy , it 's just that the reflective material does n't stay on .
 This leash lasted less than a month pulling apart & unraveling at the handle . I have 3 dogs , 2 labs around 70 pounds & a 100 pound german shepard . You can get a very similar version of this reflective leash in red or black at Walmart for less than $ 8 . I wanted a different color which is why I chose to buy this one online for a higher price . My black Walmart purchased leash is almost a year old . Some of the reflective material has worn off but it 's still in great shape showing no signs of unraveling .
 First I have no issues with the seller . This product is cheap . I have 3 dogs . 2 labs 70 pounds & a german shepard 100 pounds . I have purchased 2 of this brand . Both pulled apart at the handle & unraveled while on walks . My dogs are very well behaved & do not pull much . I would expect a leash to last more than a month . Walmart sells a similar brand for half the price -LRB- less than $ 8 -RRB- . The reflective material stays on much better & the leash from Walmart has lasted almost a year with out pulling apart . I have already replaced this red leash with a red one from Walmart & will be buying a 2nd black one to replace the blue one I bought .
 The leash is very reflective which is nice . I was n't happy with the quality of the product . I have seen other leashes like this that were created on a rubber core and the wrapping was very tight . This leash has a nylon rope at the core , the reflective part is wrapped around it -LRB- loosely -RRB- and the wrapping came undone the second time I used it .
 The leash is extremely comfortable and so forth ; however , it is interwoven and it fell apart within 14 days . The interwoven strands have frayed and pulled apart.FYI
 Firstrax Glo 'n Go Small Leash - 6 ft - BlackI have 3 small dogs -LRB- under 30 pounds -RRB- and , while the leash part is exactly what I wanted , the snaps are big enough to lead a horse with . They are too big and way too heavy for small dogs .
 I ordered 2 of these leashes . One was obviously brand new and still had the tags on it . The other one is a piece of crap that looks used ! No tags and it was all unraveling and falling apart . Who would put an item like this in a package ?? They need to be fired ASAP . Do n't waste your time and money .
 have used Stink Free on rugs and wood floors , product smells awful on its own and does n't really deter my 4 Chihuahuas
 ... You 'll LOVE this product . After reading many of the outstanding reviews for this product I was certain it would work for me . I have an older dog who had a couple of accidents on the carpet . Keep in mind , the accidents were treated right after they occurred so they were n't just sitting there stinking for days/months before I got to them . I thought for sure Stink Free would take care of the lingering smell . As suggested , I poured on Stink Free and let it sit . Oh . My . God . The perfume scent was SO overwhelming I got a headache and ended up bunking on the couch to get away from the bedroom ! That 's not even the worst part . After the product dried I sniffed the accident spots and now they smelled like urine AND baby powder . GAG ! It 's now 3 days and one steam cleaning later and even though the urine smell is gone the baby powder scent still floats in the air . I wo n't be using Stink Free again but I hope it works for you .
 I bought this product and sprayed the entire 16-ounce container over a roughly 6 foot square area . The `` fresh scent '' fragrance was so overwhelming that I had to open windows and windows to try to air it out . Finally , I gave up and bought a different odor remover product just to help eliminate the horrible smell from the StinkFree . Perhaps other raters bought a non `` fresh scent '' product , but I thought this was dreadful .
 I purchased Stink free for a strong cat carpet odor that I could not remove . I used the whole bottle , and it never removed the odor.Stink Free offers a money-back guarantee if the product fails to remove the urine odor . I followed the instructions on their website to request a refund . It has been a few months , and I have never heard back from them . Apparently , their `` guarantee '' is a scam . Do n't waste your money .
 I applied stink free generously as recommended in many posts . The end result
 This product has a strong fragrance , which I find unbearable . It may get rid of cat urine odor , but it imparts its own stink to whatever is sprayed , and it is difficult to remove . Buy Simple Solution instead .
 I really , really want to like this as I am desperate for something that would remove cat urine odor . I got a gallon of this from Foster and Smith online for a much better price . By the way , Pet Smart also markets the same Stink Free even though it is inhouse branded . It has the same scent and the manufacturer 's address are the same on the bottle . It has a strong scent which makes me wonder if it really removes the urine smell or just covers it up . I have a bedroom carpet which my male diabetic cat sprayed/urinated on . I keep it shut now so he wo n't go in and do it again there . I used it the very day I received it from the mail . I poured a copious amount on areas that I could smell urine . It was a very strong scent . I thought it 's ok as long as it would remove the urine odor . However , even after a week , I can still smell the urine greet me as soon as I open the door . I still have a lot but I am holding back using them again as I am afraid it is just covering up the smell . I followed the directions . Am I doing something wrong ? Any suggestions ?
 I orderd this for an older tank that does not have the upper cross brace . This Canopy is for the aquariums WITH the brace.The description does not provide that little -LRB- extremely important -RRB- tidbit nor does the picture . I had to custom make a piece to go across the middle.There are two 23 '' wide hinged pieces of glass in the box .
 this company shipps extremely quick and packaged very nkce . only issue with the product is that it is not the correct size . for a tank with two sextions you need 2 sections that are 22.5 x18 not 23x18 . im working on having a friend use a glass cutter to correct their screw up . I will never make another purchase from this halfass company .
 I just purchased this leash . After using it for 3 days , the reflective material started to peel right off . I have had it now for 2 weeks , and there is only 50 % of the reflective material left on it . There is no guarantee that it will stay on . It 's a nice leash otherwise . Very strong and sturdy , it 's just that the reflective material does n't stay on .
 This leash lasted less than a month pulling apart & unraveling at the handle . I have 3 dogs , 2 labs around 70 pounds & a 100 pound german shepard . You can get a very similar version of this reflective leash in red or black at Walmart for less than $ 8 . I wanted a different color which is why I chose to buy this one online for a higher price . My black Walmart purchased leash is almost a year old . Some of the reflective material has worn off but it 's still in great shape showing no signs of unraveling .
 First I have no issues with the seller . This product is cheap . I have 3 dogs . 2 labs 70 pounds & a german shepard 100 pounds . I have purchased 2 of this brand . Both pulled apart at the handle & unraveled while on walks . My dogs are very well behaved & do not pull much . I would expect a leash to last more than a month . Walmart sells a similar brand for half the price -LRB- less than $ 8 -RRB- . The reflective material stays on much better & the leash from Walmart has lasted almost a year with out pulling apart . I have already replaced this red leash with a red one from Walmart & will be buying a 2nd black one to replace the blue one I bought .
 The leash is very reflective which is nice . I was n't happy with the quality of the product . I have seen other leashes like this that were created on a rubber core and the wrapping was very tight . This leash has a nylon rope at the core , the reflective part is wrapped around it -LRB- loosely -RRB- and the wrapping came undone the second time I used it .
 The leash is extremely comfortable and so forth ; however , it is interwoven and it fell apart within 14 days . The interwoven strands have frayed and pulled apart.FYI
 Firstrax Glo 'n Go Small Leash - 6 ft - BlackI have 3 small dogs -LRB- under 30 pounds -RRB- and , while the leash part is exactly what I wanted , the snaps are big enough to lead a horse with . They are too big and way too heavy for small dogs .
 I ordered 2 of these leashes . One was obviously brand new and still had the tags on it . The other one is a piece of crap that looks used ! No tags and it was all unraveling and falling apart . Who would put an item like this in a package ?? They need to be fired ASAP . Do n't waste your time and money .
 I have a a chihuahua mix . This was WAY too big . Wo n't be ordering from this company again . Luckily my neighbor has a boxer and he loves it .
 If you value your dog this product is not for you . I followed the instructions on the package , my dog ended up in a fight and the buckle on the strap loosend and was off of her head in a matter of seconds . Two dogs were hurt and two people were bit thanks to this muzzle 's failer .
 My dog can not open his mouth and get a drink this was a waste of my money .
 I was excited to find a yogurt product for my cats since they love dairy products so much . And one of my cats really really liked the drops , but after I read the ingredients and discovered the first ingredient is sugar , I stopped giving them to the cats . Sugar is not something I think cats should have , especially since they do n't brush their teeth !
 I had to free a squirrel who caught his foot at the hinged edge of the lid when another squirrel jumped on the lid and shut it . Solution
 My dog -LRB- Akita -RRB- was able to paw hers off in a matter of minutes . I adjusted it several times with the same result . I had another person put it on her and adjust it several times . She was still able to remove it . Every time we put it on her , the strap slipped and it came off her face but remained around her neck . Waste of money in my opinion .
 The advert reads 'Em t Gel , 24 x 1oz ' . This does not mean 24 tubes , there is only one ! In addition , The cost for this one tube is higher than all the others -LRB- same compound and manufacturer -RRB- advertised on Amazon.com . My advice try elsewhere .
 Purchased in Feb 2013 , expires in June 2013 . Not good since this item is was purchased for the first aid kit .
 I received a faulty one . Where the top half meets the bottom half you 're supposed to be able to secure it with a screw . The top tube does n't insert far enough -LRB- almost a full inch off -RRB- for the screw holes to align .
 I bought this bird cage stand to use outside on my driveway to hang my goldfinch feeder on , for other birds were destroying my grass to get to the fallen thistle seed where the feeder used to be . I know that this stand is not rated for outdoor use , but it does work well for hanging a bird feeder on . I gave it only 2 stars because the tube material is fairly thin walled , and like many of the reviews stated , it did arrive with a good deal of scratches on it . I paid $ 27 for mine , but feel that a price of $ 17 - $ 20 would be just about right for the current quality of this product . I feel that for $ 27 a heavier tube material should have been used , and more importantly the paint should not have any scratches on it . My box arrived in good shape , but the reason why the paint on my stand was scratched is because the four tubes that make up this stand are loose in the box to where they can bang into each other during shipping . One important thing I would recommend all people buying this stand to do is to add a drop of Loctite , or clear fingernail polish to the end of the threads on the hook before tightening the acorn nut -LRB- closed end nut -RRB- , for if you do n't there is a good chance that over time the acorn nut might loosen up and your bird -LRB- s -RRB- along with the cage will fall to the ground . I went one step further by threading a nut that I had on hand -LRB- metric thread -RRB- all of the way on to the hook , and then as stated above placed a drop of Loctite on the end of the threads of the hook before tightening the acorn nut , and finished by tightening the nut I supplied so that the hook stays in place on the top tube . One advantage of the addition of this nut on the hook is that if the hook starts to swivels -LRB- as it will if you do not add this nut -RRB- you will know that one of the nuts are loose , so that you can be retightened it before the hook , bird -LRB- s -RRB- , and cage fall to the ground .
 Arrived bent and when set up crooked . HUGE disappointment . The problem is there are not a lot of choices out there .
 I was a bit leery about ordering this stand given the negative reviews about shipping/packaging and missing parts . I ordered it anyway . The stand is ok , though it does have some rust visible from various screw holes . The packaging is the worst I have ever seen in all my years of ordering via the internet and from Amazon in general . Surprisingly , all the parts were included and undamaged . The bird seems to be hanging securely away from toddlers and my dogs -LRB- my main concern -RRB- , but the jury is still out on the product . We may still return it . I would not recommend this bird stand to anyone , even for the inexpensive price.UPDATE
 Never Received product from `` PetSolutions '' -LRB- Wrong Address -RRB- , and `` PetSolutions '' never made an attempt to `` rectify '' the `` purchase '' !!! AMAZON re-imbursed my `` payment '' !!!!!!! I will Definitely KEEP my account w/AMAZON . AMAZON ... U da `` Bomb '' !!!!!!! Respectfully , WillieG
 We purchased this stand to go with aPrevue Pet Products Jumbo Scrollwork Bird Cage 220BLK Black , 18-Inch by 18-Inch by 25-Inch . The instructions were slightly confusing . A couple of the parts slide together to form a fit . We were expecting something more secure . When picking up the stand to move it , the stand will slide apart and then not stand flat . This stand is recommended to use with the cage we purchased , yet it leans over slightly due the cage 's size and weight . It 's very top heavy and tips over quite easily . The hook from which the cage hangs uses a small cap nut on the top to secure it . As the cage moves , the cap nut loosens and will one days release . I hope your bird does not get injured as ours did -LRB- broke a blood feather -RRB- when this happens . Notice I said when , not if . This has happened several times now . We 're given up on this stand and cage combination and are looking for a new cage .
 Prevue Pet Products Tubular Steel Hanging Bird Cage Stand 1780 White , 24-Inch by 24-Inch by 60-InchActually
 Unfortunately the box arrived broken and all taped up . Missing the accessories and one foot . I called Prevue and they will send me the missing parts . This is the second stand that I have had a broken/taped up box with missing parts . Thanks to Prevue I will be able to use the stand .
 This is not a stable cage stand - which is not good for hanging a bird cage on . Two of the legs do not sit on the floor - so it wobbles back and forth . I have put 5 quarters to hold the cage steady - that is how much it is off . The packing box is not adequate , both times -LRB- I 've had two of these because the first shipment was missing parts -RRB- not adequate because the shipper had to re-tape around the whole box . One one stand , the two tube parts would not go together - there seems to be some inconsistency in quality of manufacturing . I am unable to recommend this product .
 I was very disappointed , it was easy to put together but does not hold the cage . As soon as you put the cage on , it tips over .
 This stand arrived in a damaged box , missing instructions , missing components for assembly and missing the end stoppers in the feet . This stand looked as if it was repacked from the damaged shelf area . Extremely disappointed !
 I bought the cage and the stand together and it was a total waste of money . This stand is so flimsy that it 's almost impossible to balance a bird cage , which I bought with this , without it tipping . It went to the Goodwill the day I got it .
 I purchase this item a few weeks ago and I really do n't like it . I put together and it is so cheap and unstable . When I put my bird cage on the stand it is so wobbly that I feel the whole thing is going to tip over . And I have a very small cage ! Would not recommend . Very disappointed in Ca .
 The bird cage stand works as I hoped it would . The problem is that it has scratches all over it . Since each section of the stand was still wrapped in paper , when it arrived , I do not think this damage happened during shipping . Because the cage stand is so scratched up , I will not order from that place again ; nor will I recommend them to anyone else .
 Buying this toy is a death trap for your bird!String was injested and created an abcess which caused a hemorrhage !!! Feet get caught easily!Do not buy !!!!
 Length :
 I did not like the product as shown in the picture when I was two , and only one , I think you should put the picture with the reality of what they sell .
 I 've been using this for about a month now and it 's missing so many teeth it 's time to get a new comb . The handle edges are sharp which makes using it for any length of time uncomfortable.I have n't bent any teeth , they seem very strong , but they fall out .
 This comb lost two teeth the first time I used , my older Greyhoud pet comb made in Belgium has lasted for 20 years and is still in perfect conditions .
 Chew-Stop is snake oil on the internet . It does n't stop my 1 year old beagle from chewing on the furniture . It 's the cure for anything that ails you just pay your money or burn it that would be a better use . I was taken to the cleaners on that bad product.Pet Organics Chew-Stop for Dogs
 Measured my pup and ordered . This coat was WAY too big and so thin it could hardly be called a coat . Now I learn the fine print . Too return I will be charged $ 4 for the free shipping I received , pay to send it back -LRB- $ 4 -RRB- ? THEN be charged a $ 4 re-stocking fee . What 's left to be funded ? I just threw it away and will NEVER purchase anything from this company again !
 I was very disappointed with this product . After reading the product description , I had high hopes of FINALLY finding a product that would clean the yucky , brown stains on our poodle/bischon 's face . I had tried a couple of different products from the pet store and they had not worked , so I thought I would try something online . This product was expensive & failed to clean the stains any better than warm , mild soapy water . Do n't waste your money !!
 Just purchased this for my parakeet , went to put it together and what junk . None of the poles lined up and I had to drill holes for them to fit and the wood was bowed . I was going to send it back but once I started drilling holes I just finished . I would not recommend this item to anyone .
 I bought this for my parakeets and was really excited about getting this . The package arrived in a timely manner . Thanks goodness I had someone who knows how to fix things because some of the wooden parts did not match up to put in the holes . The perches are slippery so I went out and bought sandpaper covers to cover them with . The birds are much happier now that they are n't slipping off ! Sorry but this was a disappointment !
 It took way to long to get here . I followed the very little directions on how to put it on . It did n't stay on right and ripped on of his spikes out .
 it takes too much air pressure to operate it , and this small pump cant handle it.it alsso has no action at all .
 i purchased this for my reef tank . i did n't use it . i did n't like it . # 1 its made from china . the paint on the ship looked toxic so i really did not want it anywhere my reef . maybe it just was n't for me . thanks - Nick
 I purchased a bed like this a year ago and it was great . So a little over a month ago , I purchased another one . HORRIBLE ! It 's like a feather pillow . It 's suppose to expand to 10 '' or more - it does n't . I contacted the manufacturer - sent one back and got another one . The second one was just as bad . By then I had over $ 25 in shipping costs - not to mention time and packing materials - so I just gave up .
 My dog does not like it . It is twice as expensive as those at Costco , but smells the same . My dog took a sniff and then turned away .
 Our 1 yr old 18 lb dog -LRB- shelter dog , we think maybe Chihuahua + greyhound -RRB- chewed through this toy in a few minutes , and that was with the distraction of other new toys . Granted , she is a dedicated chewer but this one went fast even for her . For an average chewer it would probably be fine but it 's not `` tire tough . ''
 I would love it if it worked . Still trying but so far , Action Air Treasure Chest & diver has no action except a few bubles !
 it takes too much air pressure to activate it . only a pump higher than 10 pounds will work it . also has no action .
 So I got this for my cockatiel because I have a smaller one for my parakeet and he loves it . Little did I know that she would get her beak caught in the little loop that the hook to hang it is attached to , break her bottom beak off , and have to go to the vet every 2 weeks for 3 months to try and repair it , which did n't work by the way . Her beak will now never grow back thanks to the amount of space inside that little loop , and she can only eat on one side of her mouth . If it was plied shut more or smaller , she never would have gotten it caught . So thanks to this toy that I got for cheaper than it is now , I now have a deformed cockatiel who will never be normal again.If you do still get it , please be sure to ply the loop yourself so there is no space in between just to be safe .
 The price point on this product seems like a good deal At first it 's probably because it 's can it take you hours to assemble . It comes in many pieces and requires a fair amount of cutting of bolts and plastics to accommodate your door . Worst of all once assembled the product quickly fades and falls apart .
 doesnt work like you think it would . nothing but problems with this item ... not sturdy always tipps over and floats ... . do not buy this . waste of your time and money because you also have to buy tubing and an air pump
 I would love it if it worked . Still trying but so far , Action Air Treasure Chest & diver has no action except a few bubles !
 it takes too much air pressure to activate it . only a pump higher than 10 pounds will work it . also has no action .
 The thing stopped working after one day . I do n't know whether it is a problem with the batteries -LRB- there are three - one for the remote and two for the collar -RRB- or not . I do n't want to go out and buy new ones just to test if this might be the problem , though . I have bought PetSafe products before and been very pleased with them . I was very disapointed !
 I bought this expecting much more . The bubles are not as described , they are massive and it sounds like minor explosions in my tank . And it barely moves at all , it jiggles back and forth . Do not waste your time and money on this
 I did not receive the three rolls of hose that was discounted from $ 135.15 down to $ 1.59 a savings of $ 133.56 . What I received was a 5 ' peice of hose.This is a deceptive trade practice that should not be allowed by Amazon and I fell that as a result of these practices by That Fish Place I should be fully refunded of all cost and That Fish Place should cover all shipping and handling for the return of the product orSEND ME WHAT I AGREED TO PURCHASE AND HAVE PAID FOR!Water Hose for Fluval 303 403 Filters - 14 mm
 i purchased this for my reef tank . i did n't use it . i did n't like it . # 1 its made from china . the paint on the ship looked toxic so i really did not want it anywhere my reef . maybe it just was n't for me . thanks - Nick
 They r ok
 Our Great Dane spits these out as often as not , although he can usually be coaxed into eating them . I do n't know whether or not it helps the grass yet .
 Might not have been the food but it was fine until about a week after i started feeding him this and he just stopped playing with the rocks and stuff ... then ... . ya no ...
 Please do not use this product , it is an insecticide and VERY toxic for your birds . It could kill your birds !
 maybe this works for some dogs but it was useless for my border collie . sorry for the crappy review , but i followed the directions and saw zero results .
 I have a 35 pound springer spaniel mix that is a very aggressive chewer . She tore this toy into small pieces in less than five minutes . This toy is not tough enough for strong chewers .
 The dimensions are correct but it is very thin . It is about the same thickness -LRB- padding -RRB- as a thin down comforter . This is more of a topper than a bed .
 I have gone through many dog beds and I was hoping this would be the one that would last . Unfortunately it was n't . I have an eighteen month old English Pointer that loves to chew everything , especially her bed while she 's in her crate at night . This bed appears to be made well and if your dog does n't chew on beds this would be a good choice . It fit perfect in her crate and for the short time that it was in one piece , my dog snuggled up in it very comfortably . -LRB- I bought it for much less somewhere else -RRB-
 I was very disappointed in this pet bed . It was very flat and flimsy and did not really fit in our dog crate . Our dog only slept on this about a week before I got rid of it .
 Do n't waste your money if you are looking for something plush . This is more like a mat . We had to purchase something else with more cushion .
 for the price I paid , I should have gotten the dog gone smart brand , this was not as plush as the pic shows , after a couple of months its flat already ...
 we purchased two tof those cages , just because they look really nice in a kids room . That 's why I am giving it 2 stars because they look nice but do not last very long if you have Gerbils . Everything which is plastic inside the cage , they chewed up . Now we are on to chewing tubes and making doors larger . They escaped so many times , it 's not funny . We did purchase a whole bunch of the tubes but most are thrown away , because there are holes everywhere . The wheels are great but get used as a bathroom too and have to be cleaned everyday , unless you like the smell !! I definitely would not buy this cage again , at least not if you have gerbils . I 'm not sure , but the constant chewing on the plastic ca n't be healthy and it 's very annoying . I 'm looking into getting a 10 or 20 gallon fish tank now .
 Pros : No chewing on BarsThe wheel makes no noiseLooks coolCons : Cheap plastic that will crack while putting it togetherNO VENTILATIONHard to cleanThis is the 3rd cage we have bought . We were so excited to get this cage and needed a non-bar cage because our hamster was recovering from a broken jaw.This cage cracked in all places just getting it together.The strap for the top is really hard to pull over it and will break.The lookout tower is nice and roomy and our girl likes sleeping in it but we had to duct tape it because she figured out how to open it.If you do n't like the sound of a hamster chewing on bars , imagine the sound of it 's teeth scraping on plastic . It 's lovely.We wake up daily to ours out and about.The ventilation is horrible , go near that cage after day 2 and it stinks . I worry about the fumes she is breathing in.We added another `` lookout tower '' and another wheel . She often stinks herself out of one tower and moves to the other to sleep in.Throw the water away and get another if you actually decide to buy this cage.Cleaning it is painful but a bit better than the other cages we went through .
 This is poorly made . The net came apart at the pole within a month after I purchased . I recommend you look for another product .
 Had high hopes for this toy - but it did n't last . Within a week , my dog had the cover off , the rubber shell split and the squeaker out .
 I thought this would be strong enough for my westie but no he had a hole in it with in 5 minutes . Buying this toy was a waste of money for me .
 Barely lasted a day and our 3 mth old german shepherd puppy had gotten all the &#34; tennis ball &#34; covering off - and that was not from non-stop chewing . We were finding bits & pieces in the yard ... do n't bother with it . THOUGH , Amazon 's return policy was great and received a full refund and shipping was paid for . So -- 5 stars for Amazon ... if i could give 0-stars for this purchase I would .
 I bought this for my little dog , and she played with it for 15 minutes out side when we first noticed the covering was falling off . Within an hour of chasing is around the yard it looked like it had been run through a paper shredder . What a cheap piece of crap . I have bought a lot of Kong products , and they are generally great , but this one is just garbage . Do yourself a favor and do n't bother buying this one . Dave
 My goldendoodle puppy destroyed this toy in 20 minutes . I could n't believe it . Very disappointed . I expected more from the Kong brand .
 My 48 lb Black lab/elk hound ripped the cover off in less than 5 minutesWould not recommend this toy
 I have a 10 month old golden retriever who is a very avid chewer . This ball did not even last for 3 hours . Most of the yellow fuzz was torn off , leaving a tan/pink hard plastic underneath . I would not recommend this toy if your dog likes to rip fuzz/fur off of items .
 This toy lasted about two weeks . My year old Vizsla had the cover half off in a week . It is difficult to throw very far .
 The kong air dog squeaker football toy was very disapointing . My dog chewed it up with in minutes of having it . Do not recomend this toy . Kong needs to stick to the hard rubber toys .
 My small dog had parts of the covering on this toy chewed off within 15 minutes . Very disappointed . Sent it back for credit .
 The description of this product was misleading . It noted that the product was made inthe USA . The product I received reeked like tires and was made in China . I 'm returning it .
 If you are looking for a durable dog toy for a strong chewer , as this toy is billed , pass by this one . Within 3 minutes my dog had peeled half the felt off the ball and was swallowing/coughing out bits of felt . The ball stayed intact but the covering came off nearly instantly . My old Air Dog toys -LRB- maybe pre-Kong since that branding is not on the older toys -RRB- stand up to this dog and are still intact . I purchased another Kong Air Dog toy -LRB- a 3 arm spinner thingy -RRB- at the same time as this football and it lasted less than 5 minutes as well with the dog chewing through the rubber with ease .
 I got this toy from my local Petsmart thinking it would be durable enough to stand my French Bulldogs punishment that he puts every toy through . Within a few hours he had half the yellow tennis ball covering ripped off with the underlying rubber exposed . If your dog is a little destroyer like mine , think twice before purchasing this item .
 I have two young male chihuahuas that love to destroy their toys , so I am always on the lookout for something sturdy for them to play with . I bought this product and my dogs actually loved it because of its unique squeek . Sadly , this football was no match for thier `` love '' . By the end of the week they had ripped patches of the neon fuzz right off the ball and then they went for the the purple foam laces . A couple days later one of my dogs would n't eat his food and whined when I touched his mouth.I was able to look in his mouth I could see that the roof of his mouth was swollen and his gums looked gross and infected . I took him to the vet , they gave him a little sedative , and checked his mouth . The cause turned out to be purple foam and yellow fuzz stuck between his teeth . He had to be put on antibiotics and I had to soften his food for a week because he couldnt chew . Please , do your dog and your wallet a favor and buy something else .
 I love Kong products . However , the Air Dog Squeaker Football -LRB- Medium -RRB- was just too small for my two Labs . I purchased a `` medium '' thinking it was the same size as the one they were already enjoying together . When it arrived , I was very disappointed in the small -LRB- medium -RRB- size . I even checked my order to see if I had purchased the wrong one . They do not play with this one like the first one due to the fact that it is smaller . That does n't mean I would n't purchase another ; next time it will be the `` large ! ''
 We have a four year old white German Shepherd that can destroy a toy in seconds . The only toys that have stood up to his teeth are the Kong brand . We have had several Kong toys over the years but the only thing he has n't destroyed were the black Kong toys - he has put holes in them but he ca n't shred them like other toys.Reading the reviews here , I thought this would be a good toy for him -LRB- knowing full well that a regular tennis ball will last less than a minute in his mouth -RRB- . He had the felt skin off this football in under 10 minutes , on both ends . He has not dismantled the toy yet but the flannel is done.Word of warning for those of you who have a very aggressive chewer ... this is n't the toy for them . Only the black Kong toys have been able to withstand this type of chewing .
 I have a med to large dog which is 8 months old . I bought this because he loves anything that make noise . He chewed right through this thing in just 3 days . It is not as strong as they say it is . I will not be buying any more of this type of product . It would be better for smaller dogs .
 The football lasted her about 2 hrs . then it was torn up , she got the squeck out real easy then I put it back in , that lasted about 20 min . buy another one . . no way
 I 've bought 2 football squeakers for my rottweilers . They chewed the cover in 2 days and the rubber inside in more 1 day . And I still have to pay the credit card ...
 I was very disappointed with this ball . The squeaker broke within 5 minutes of play , and then it was just a ball to our dog . He lost interest right away then . I have purchashed other Kong Squeaker items , and they lasted a lot longer . Would not purchse the football .
 I love kong toys . I have three german shepherds and bought three large footballs . The first day all of the covering was torn off of one of them . The second day , the second cover was half gone and the actual ball was split . The third is still squeaking but the cover is almost off . They LOVE the toys , but do not let them out of your sight for a minute because they are easily devoured .
 My 8 month old lab was skinning the green fuzz off this toy and swallowing it within an hour after opening . I tried to return it but the time period had elapsed.Very disappointing .
 Hi . I have purchased Kong products for the longest time and have always been 100 % satisfied.This however , is by far , the worst toy I have ever bought.Within 3 minutes , my dog had all the tennis ball `` fuzz '' off the ball and the squeaker was busted in just a few minutes as well . Now its just a regular `` football '' . Also , if you read the description it says `` made in the USA '' but when I received the product , the packaging said `` design and idea '' in the USA and manufactured with materials from China ! If you are not already aware of this , never , ever buy a dog toy made anywhere other then the USA -LRB- do your own research to confirm why -RRB- . Thankfully amazon refunded me and told me not to even waste my time returning the item -LRB- what are they going to do with a used dog toy -RRB- . Stay away from this product as it is a total waste of money , and a major safety hazard for your pooch!Hope this review helps .
 I thought , this product would be a GREAT NEW TOY for my Border Collies , BUT ... , *** UNLESS YOUR DOGS HAVE THE BITE OF A `` PIT BULL '' , They will have a VERY HARD TIME to make `` IT '' -LRB- hard -RRB- `` SQUEEK '' !!!!!!!!!!! So , I guess that I will just have to go buy another one , `` SOME PLACE ELSE '' ! **** ANOTHER POINT OF INTEREST **** When I placed the order , the `` SIZES '' , *** `` WERE NOT WELL EMPHASIZED '' !!! The LARGE SIZE I ordered , was WAY TO BIG for my Border Collies -- -LRB- MY BAD -RRB- ! So , I will just have to go and buy another `` SOFTER '' & a `` MEDIUM SIZE BALL '' . The same also applies to the `` BARBELL '' , that I bought with the `` FOOTBALL '' !!
 1st off , a large dog is not 60 pounds . I am sick and tired of large being refered to 40-60 pound dogs to make their wuss owners feel more happy about their owning a medium sized dog . I have two Rotties . This Kong football lasted literally 45 seconds with my male . 45 seconds !? I looked at the toys for `` dogs '' at Petco , and other pet stores locally . I ended up purchasing this toy from Tractor Supply due to my successful purchasing , and lasting durability of other kong toys I have . My dog not only stripped the tennis material off it within seconds , he bit clean through it like it was made out of wax . I would not reccommend this or any other kong air squueaker . HOWEVER , the red solid rubber ball from Kong has lasted longer than a tractor tire that I bought months ago . He tore the tire apart -LRB- not steel belts !!! -RRB- , but the red kong ball is still here !
 You would think a Kong item would last with a large dog but My Mastiff/Dane mix tore the squeeker out in less then a day then proceeded to tear the rest apart so I had to get rid of it . If you have a large dog , stick to the standard Black Kong Extreme , nothing else lasts .
 This toy sucks , my dog destroyed this toy within a couple of days . Do n't waste your time or money on this item if your dog likes to chew on toys .
 I was really excited about this product since my 8 month old pit bull loves the Kong squeaker ball . It seemed like it was maybe a little too big for him to get in his mouth but he managed . In less than five minutes he had already had the felt tore . It seems where they put the kong label they did n't fasten the felt down well enough . So just a little gap in a toy opens the door for him to start ripping it . It does have a cool squeak but I would n't recommend it because the felt is poorly fastened . Extremely disappointed !!
 My dog loves the toy but is falling appart after just one play ... the felt cover is peeling fast and the rubber perishes after 3-4 days of play
 I purchased this ball because normally kong products are long lasting but my 1 y/o english bulldog destroyed it in a day .
 We have a 5 year old black lab , high energy . We never buy her squeeky toys because they are just a waste of money as they are immeidately destroyed . Unfortunately this was no different . We played fetch with her for about 20 - 30 minutes and the outter tennis ball type skin ripped and came off . She would typically chew this off if left alone with the toy but this was only during our game of fetch that it came off so I was expecially disappointed . I bought this based on many of the reviews for the toy . I think it would be great for a less energetic , non-chewing dog . For my high energy lab , it was a waste of money.Pros : Great squeekerLarger toyCons : Fell apart during 1 30 minute session of fetch.Poor investment in a toy for my dog .
 My boxer mix looked so cute with this , a little `` line-backer '' ! But within hours he 'd shredded off the cover and within days the ball was in tiny shards to be vacuumed up .
 Did n't last long ... first my dogs picked off all the fuzz , then managed to puncture it with their teeth and before long had the puncture hole chewed out ... within 5 days they were done with it -- not my idea of a good purchase ...
 I gave this to my dog and in less than a minute he had tore the end completely off it . Returning it of course .
 My Pitbull boxer ate right threw it . I ordered 3 kong squeakers and they were all gone by the end of the night what a waste of $ 30.00
 I have a Dachshund that tears up every toy I give her . I was hoping this would be the answer . I gave it to her while I unpacked the rest of my Amazon order . She was running around and I heard the squeaker , she loved it . The next time I looked she was tearing off the yellow covering and running with a trail of yellow following her . With great difficulty , I took the rest of the covering off . She has now played with it for almost an hour with no further damage . Maybe it should be sold with no covering . I must admit , it did slow her up a little.It 's now about 3 hours later and the football has been totally destroyed . Not a good idea for determined chewers .
 The fabric on one end came completely off after my gentle-mouthed puppy played w / it for just a few hours . I expect more from a Kong toy .
 I recently purchased this dog toy , along with some other . I would not recommend for a large dog . It was chewed up third day . The material was very thin inside . I purchased the kong bone toy , it is still going strong even with the squeeker . The football toy over priced for the value .
 I have a 1yr old beagle , he weighs 20 lbs ... we got this in the mail toady 12/7 and I did n't even have the package off of the ball and my dog ripped the yellow fabric off of it .
 We have a Weimaraner and she chewed this up in 30 minutes into pieces . First she got the squeaker out and then everything was just history . I do not recommend this for a Medium to large dog who is an agressive chewer . And this is NOT made by KONG . It is very cheaply made and it is NOT worth the money at all ...
 It took less than 24 hours for my Labrador to destroy the squeaky part inside the ball . She has been chewing on it and it is all torn now . Good news is , it is not in pieces yet .
 It is a quite large toy intended for large breeds -LRB- so I thought -RRB- . However , my german shepherds tore it to pieces in a little over one hour ... . May be it should be mentioned that this is a rather soft toy not intended for large dogs .
 My Brussels Griffon LOVES his squeaker toys . I thought I had a new durable toy coming from KONG , but within ten minutes he had half the felt off , and the squeaker removed.The squeaker 's just a small plastic screw-looking piece inserted into a hole on the end of the rubber football , a breeze to pull out if your dog has smaller teeth or is at all persistent.Hoping he still might enjoy the football shape minus he squeaker and felt material . .
 Thought with the `` Kong '' name this might be a winner , but within 10 minutes my pit-mix had removed the fuzz , popped one end and committed a squeakectomy .
 Have a 100lb Boxer dog and this was his x mas present . He destroyed the toy in less than 5 hours . Ripped the cover off the Football then ripped in pieces the uncover part . Bad for big dogs !!!
 My lab -LRB- 18 months -RRB- loves the Kong squeaker tennis balls . Amazingly , she does n't destroy them like she has other cheap versions . The football came and she definitely loved running around with it and squeaking it . BUT the first time she lay down to squeak on it for a bit she managed to tear the edge off the cover by the big blue spot in less that a minute or two . The rubber there just gives too much of an edge they can tear with their teeth that the balls do n't have . Too bad .
 I bought this for our little dachshunds . It arrived today and I immediately took it outside and squeaked it before throwing it and our two dogs ran like crazy ! Penny brought it back . On the third thow it did not squeak anymore . I had the same thing happen with another Air Dog Squeaker toy that arrived earlier in the week from a different supplier . One did not work at all upon arrival . I sent both back for a refund and will do the same for this item . I was under the impression that KONG toys were really durable . I 'm not going to spend six dollars on a toy that does n't last five minutes . The other purchase was 15.00 for the two dumbells . Very disappointed .
 Got this toy for my 4 month old Havanese puppy . He has many different toys and has managed to keep all of them in good shape so far . Ca n't say the same for this toy . Within just a few minutes , the exterior covering of this toy was looking like a woman whose teased hair had gone bad , very bad . A few minutes later , the squeaker part of the toy was exposed and the outer covering was fully pulled off one end of the football . Worse yet , the squeaker is located on the end of the toy which makes it even easier for a dog to remove it.True enough my pup loves this toy but unfortunately it has to be trashed - all within a mere 15 minutes ! I can not recommend this toy at all knowing the potential danger involved in it . I am quite disappointed in Kong . I trusted the Kong name since my pup does really well with all the other Kong toys he has had . It is just not worth taking a chance ! Clearly this is a choke hazard.DO NOT BUY THIS TOY FOR YOUR DOG UNLESS HE DOES N'T HAVE TEETH !!!
 I purchased this toy for a friend 's dog a while back . The dog loved it , he played with it non-stop -LRB- quack ! quack ! -RRB- . When he finally destroyed it though we were shocked . Inside of this toy in addition to the stuffing we found a rubber band and parts of a plastic bag . My friend was fortunate enough to get the toy away from the dog before he could consume these items . We did complain to the manufacturer who said they 'd look into it , but I would still be wary of this toy.I think this would be a great toy for a dog that loves it 's toys , but does n't rip them to shreds ! There is no guarantee that what you find inside will be safe !
 We gave the Mallard to a friend 's dog as a gift . The Mallard was a hit and the two were inseperable until the duck fell apart after about three days .
 I agree with the viewer who reviewed these as dangerous . My labs had it for 5 minutes , maybe less and it was ripped to shreds ... what a piece of garbage ... do n't waste your money or your time ! Ca n't believe they even sell this product for dogs ! Also it says it squeaks on the sticker right on the toy ... we never got a squeak out of it unless I put it on the ground and stepped on it with my foot ... my dogs looked at me like `` We should be able to squeak it , no fun if you do ! ''
 I purchased this thinking it would be a great toy for my dog ... within an hour she had all the long hair chewed off and was trying to swallow it . Not a safe product for a dog over 50lbs !
 Although well constructed this carrier has a serious design flaw.The top tabs by the carrier handle do not fold back and lock down.It is very easy for the tabs to slip out and have the carrier open.This almost happened in the parking lot when I took my cat to the Vet.The top had already slipped down in transit , fortunately I yanked it up in time.The only way to make this carrier secure is to duct tape it .
 My male cat tore thruogh it immediately . I did not have a spare so I had to use sturdy duct tape as a temporary remedy.Cute decorations but unless you are carrying a small placid mouse I can not recomend this product .
 my cat ripped the bottom of this to shreds . I almost lost him in the street on the way to the vet . If you do need a temporary carrior and buy this one , make sure to secure it with strong tape ! I guess all these cardboard carriers are prone to some damage . . lol
 It may be big enough for a cat but it will not contain them . I bought three to get some outdoor strays fixed not wanting to invest in the more expensive plastic carriers . On the twenty min drive to the vet two of the three had escaped they 're carrier . The air holes are large enough for their paws giving them hope of escape . So they chew , and tear at them untill their head fits through & once that happens its only minutes untill the rest of their body is out . The one that made it to the vet in this carrier escaped on the way home by getting her claws in the top & pulling down untill the sides released and voila she was out without damaging the box or consuming cardboard . I ended up purchasing plastic carriers & wish I would have saved the cost & shipping of these useless things . Unless you own a declawed , stupid , fat cat & only want them contained for 15 min or less I wouldnt waste the money .
 The first bulb lasted about 4 weeks with intermittent use , the second lasted less than two weeks . I strongly recommend against buying this product .
 Bought these to heat my bearded dragon tank . The amount of heat that was produced was perfect , but 1 bulb lasted 2 months , the other lasted 2 DAYS before burning out . I will not repurchase . They 're too expensive to last a total of 2 months . Next time I am purchasing regular household lightbulbs which are a fraction of the price and last much longer .
 The reason I am only giving a one star to my review is that the picture was deceptive . The basking lamp shown was a 100 watt and when I received my order , I was shipped 75 watt lamps . I could have probably bought the 75 watt lamps locally at a price that would have been just as good as what I paid . I think this is deceptive advertising . The lamps themselves are fine , although not what I thought I was ordering .
 I bought a two pack of these bulbs from a local retailer on 14 March . Worked great initially , but I was pretty disgusted when I came home from work on 26 March to find the lamp burned out . A week and a half ? I thought perhaps the bulb overheated or something , although you 'd figure a * heat lamp * would be designed to tolerate high heat . Anyway , I tilted the bowl fixture from almost straight down to about 35 degrees off of vertical to allow more heat to escape , and aimed a pretty small fan at the top of the fixture to cool it . The second bulb blew out on 8 April , giving me an average bulb life of about 12 days -- but considering the bulbs were on a 10 hour timer , they lasted for about 120 hours each . Totally unacceptable ! Since then I 've had a regular Philips 100W reflector spot bulb and it 's been working great for 61 days . An email I sent to Zoo Med has gone unanswered for weeks . I wo n't be buying anything from Zoo Med again .
 I purchased a double 75w pack of these bulbs . I use them for my uromastyx cage where the basking temp . has to be at 120 degrees and the lights on for 10 hrs a day . The first bulb I used lasted a little more than a month . The second one that I had used did n't even last a month . I feel that this bulb should last longer than this . I used the equivalent bulb from a different brand and it lasted months !
 I bought a 75wt bulb and it failed after two weeks . Had it on for 10hrs a day in a ceramic wire cage lamp . Will be looking for a better brand .
 Purchased a total of 2 of these bulbs . The first did not work at all -LRB- was returned and replaced -RRB- , the second lasted less than 1 month on an 8 hour a day timer , and the replacement only lasted slightly over a month . Very disappointing product , and not worth the cost .
 I had problems with these lamps . I got about a week out of one and four days out of the other . I have bought a few Zoo Med products which I 've loved , but I say do n't waste your money on these lights !
 I have two Siamese cats and they will not eat these . These `` candies '' are very hard and do n't smell like a typical cat treat . My cat 's prefer soft treats . I would n't waste my money on these .
 All 5 of our dogs do n't like them ! Even the two teething puppies leave them alone . Four of our dogs are Australian Shepherd , one is a mixed-breed Chow .
 We bought a 30 pack of Pork Earz and my whippet would n't touch them . I even tried hiding some beef in one to get him to try it , and it was n't worth it to him to eat it to get the beef . They smell so horrible he was pushing it away from him .
 There are not real pigs ears but some kind of manufactured ears out of Pork skin and chemicals . My dog wouldnt eat them . . they smell awful like a chemical smell ... we thought maybe he just had to get used to them ... left one in his cage . . after a week he gnawed on it . . eating about 1/3 rd of it and proceeded to vomit all over his cage ... PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE any product such as this which is `` made in China '' should be a red flag I wished I had seen before I fed my poor dog these things . Arent there enough pigs ears in America ?
 I 've had a Fluval 305 for five years with zero issues ... until a few days ago . During a routine cleaning I took the impeller out and the shaft snapped in half . Be EXTREMELY careful with this thing when replacing ! It 's very fragile and breaks with the slightest bit of pressure on it .
 Ensure you are very careful to replace the ` cover ' in the exact way you removed it ; it 's not monkey proof-don ' t replace the cover upsidedown , the topside looks like it should be the bottomside ! Not true . This is the 3rd one I 've replaced . I did notice the 3rd one had a little larger diameter than the 2 previous ones . Just be gentle and pay close attention to the details and you will not have any problems .
 They make these parts cheap so that you have to replace them all the time .
 My dog destroyed this so fast I did n't even have time to stop him . This was a total waste . I did n't expect it to last forever , but I thought it would last a little longer than it did .
 I had read some reviews that said this was supposed to be pretty durable for a plush toy , even with some larger dogs . I have 2 Jack Russell terriers , so I bought 2 of these - one for each . They are a nice size , have a good amount of stuffing and the material seems fairly durable . They were not very expensive as they were one of Amazon 's add-on bonus buys at like 1/2 the original price , but I still hoped they might last a little while after reading the favorible reviews . It literally took my dogs about 10 minutes to have both of them torn apart and ripping the white stuffing out of them . The stitching between the orange and blue sections is not very strong . My dogs are pretty rough on plush toys , but these definitely did not live up to the reviews I was reading . I am just glad I did not pay full retail for them . If you have a dog that likes to see if they can `` kill '' their plush toys , then I would not recommend these . Although with my dogs I have not found really anything in the plush toy category that lasts , so maybe you will have better luck .
 Purchased this product based hoping that the material would be soft enough , but durable . Within 1 minute our 1.3 yr - 56 lbs mixed pit tore a whole through the ball cover and pulled out all the stuffing . Bummers , the ball did n't even make it through the 2nd bounce . This product would probably be best for indoor dogs who are not strong chewers or like to rip stuffed toys apart . Will keep searching for the right toy .
 Good fabric but my 25lb Pug/Boston Terrier mix had stuffing all over the floor in less than an hour . Go for the `` Chuckit ! Ultra Ball , Medium '' for something impossible to destroy .
 My Labradoodle love this toy . It 's large enough to he ca n't swallow it and he has n't destroy any part of it yet . Seems to be made well . ** UPDATE - 5/2012 ** My doddle destroyed the ball via light chewing .
 The material itself seems to be durable enough for playing fetch in the house but the stitching started to come out within an hour of playing fetch . I will probably sew it up and see how long the material itself will last .
 Although we love the ChuckIt ! Brand - this Plush Ball did not hold up to the usual quality . After 2 weeks our 14 month old puppy have already ripped the ball .
 This sock is like another one I bought previously , in that it is of a very tough material that makes it difficult for the birds to extract the seeds . I have a companion sock that the finches prefer , and they usually leave this one alone . This is a heavy duty sock that makes the finches work for the seeds .
 I have this feeder with the picture of the goldfinch on it and a plain white one next to it . The birds refuse to feed from this one . I think they may be afraid of the picture .
 The finches just do n't seem to like this sock . Myguess is that the netting is stronger than the othersocks that I have . They fight for position on theother socks and do n't go to this one at all -LRB- ok , occasionally I will see a bird light on it , but it ` srare -RRB- . I 'm not going to fill the other socks andsee if they 'll use this one then . I 'll update tolet you know what happens .
 DOES NOT WORK . Several applications and still the tick held tight . Smells like citronella or orange peel . I think they simply bottled a theory . We live in the woods and battle ticks to the point where we have considered moving ... plenty of experience removing ticks . We do n't have pets , we get them on us while we are mowing the lawn ! Though we have not found anything that gets them to release , we have recently found out that TREE TEA OIL does stun them . -LRB- bought at your local pharmacy over the counter -RRB- We are not certain if it kills the tick , as I have not examined it afterward close enough to find this out . I have yet to find a good removal tool that will take them off without squeezing , thus killing them in the removal . Still looking , will try TICKED OFF removal tool next .
 I purchased one of these three years ago - lightweight , heated.At this point , the bath itself is stained - unable to be cleaned.The footed legs have rusted off.The heating element has separated from the bath .
 it does not heat at all , water freezes and i threw out box already . i do n't know if mine is defective or they are all non heating .
 Very flimsy stand and difficult to put together . I expected better quality for the price .
 I 'm not impressed by this food . It seems to disintegrate to powder rather than anything resembling actual brine shrimp . The shrimp powder is too small to catch the fishes ' interest which just ends up with unfed fish and a polluted tank .
 I looked at the picture and read the reviews for this product and thought it was the whole things ... the kennel with a roof . It is just the roof ! This was a little misleading .
 took too long to arrive and its too prici i thought it was the kennel and the roof but o well
 Our cats are finicky and greatly prefer filtered water over tap water -LRB- and our tap water is really fresh ... straight from a nearby mountain -RRB- . We thought this would be a perfect solution and would hold enough water to prevent us from having to set out multiple bowls while away . Unfortunately this product did not even come close to meeting our expectations.The filter does n't seem to do a lot . Within a couple of days , the water is noticeably cloudy and after a few more days , the water becomes filthy and the motor begins overheating and making a loud noise which scares our cats . In order to keep this system working well , we have to add a large glass of FILTERED water daily -LRB- we only have two small cats ! -RRB- . In addition , we then have to unplug the unit every three days , and drag it over the sink , hopefully without major spills . At the sink we have to disassemble the fountain and clean out all of the parts , none of which are dishwasher safe , then refill three different areas , drag the heavy , constantly shifting unit back over to its home , again , being careful not to spill anything.The filters say they last weeks , but if we do n't replace them every 1 to 11/2 weeks , the motor will shut down . After using the product for three months and going through 9 filters , we 've finally decided to give up the battle and take it to a thrift shop . Changing the water in our cats ' normal bowl each day is much less of a hassle and despite it all , it seems our cats prefer their bowl with still water over their fancy yet noisy fountain bowl . Save you money !!!
 a better product description would help . I think I got the wrong filter for the water bowl I purchased .
 I have found the leaking problem for the fountain . It is the filter . It will somehow block the flow of the water , so the water starts to accumulate and then you have a leak .
 After trying for a month ; my cat still wo n't go near , let alone drink from this fountain . Unable to return it because it had been used , it went straight to the thrift store . A total waste of money .
 We got these to use with the petmate drinking fountain we previously bought . We have a relatively high level of chlorination in our water and my fiancee is convinced that the cats do n't like it -LRB- even though they happily drink from any toilet in the house -RRB- . The issue we ran into is that after around a week the carbon starts to clump together . This massively reduces the flow through the filter and causes the water to back up behind it . This then causes the fountain to become very noisy.I do n't know if this is a recurring problem with all users but the lifespan on these things is supposed to be a month so we 're not doing so well . I have another 5 to use so we 'll get through them then probably switch to using filtered water . -LRB- or toilet water if my fiancee is n't looking -RRB-
 These filters really only will work to help filter out lint and other light debris that might fall into the water bowl . The enormous size of the charcoal bits is ridiculous for true water filtration because each piece is so huge . There are only so many ` sites ' on the bits to adsorb water impurities . Not only that , but there are hardly any pieces in it to begin with . Charcoal filters work best when the pieces are tiny and packed together and the overall surface area is significantly increased . If you look at any Brita or PUR pitcher filter and see the tiny activated charcoal pieces , you can clearly tell the difference . DO N'T BUY THEM -- Wast of your hard earned money for a gimic .
 Ok so I have not been using the unit that these go with for too long , just got it today . But just based on my feeling of the product , I highly doubt that they are very effective in actually filtering anything other than lint or other large debris . Its a loose felt material on the outside . The inside of it feels to be some stiff plastic or thin metal of some sort to hold the shape , with some pieces of carbon or charcoal in there . There are not a lot of actual carbon or charcoal chunks like you would see in a brita filter , and they do not do anything but sit at the bottom of the `` filter '' so I honestly dont see how they could do anything . We have a brita filter on our sink , so when I fill the unit , I use that and will use the rest of the 4 filters I got for the unit , but do not believe I will be purchasing more .
 I bought these filters and found live black worms about 1/4 inch long ! The worms appeared in about a week and were clinging to the filter . I bought multiple packs , as I have more than 1 fountain and all the filters got the worms . The worms appeared in about a week . The filters are replaced regularly and even more frequently in warm weather . My cats are indoor cats and fed the best of the best food , so I know for sure the worms were in the charcoal . If you use these filters place them in boiled water for a few minutes , rinse them with hydrogen peroxide and rinse with fresh water again , also complain directly to the company ! 1-877-PETMATE -LRB- 1-877-738-6283 -RRB- customer service .
 This is the most useless product ever ! Total waste of money ! A -RRB- It is flimsy B -RRB- It does n't even fit in the Petmate fountain -LRB- model 24860 -RRB- . I have asked for a full-refund ! If I ca n't get the old-filter it is going to make my water fountain useless . Or I will have to start making my own ! But this is a total waste of money .
 These are junk ! I used this type of water fountain 6 years ago . I have recently come back to it , and am disappointed at how flimsy the filters now are . They used to have a hard plastic frame inside the filter , and you could actually hear the charcoal when it was activated in water . Now , I 'm hard pressed to believe that there is any charcoal in there at all ! I do n't really need to filter water , as I have a well , but cats being what they are , love to play and `` rinse '' their feet in the water . Lots of big chunks get into the water , as well as fur . This filter will control the debris , but for someone who is filtering less desirable water , these filters may not stand up to the test . Too bad the price is n't lower for these cheap things .
 After ordering and using the new form of Petmate Fresh Flow Filters I can say that I 'm not happy with them at all . I find that after a few hours the back side of the filter becomes slimmy and I must rinse it out . I am afraid to use the filter more than once because of the slime factor that occurs in just a short while . I have no idea how much bacteria is being held within the filter . I feel that my only option is to change out my Petmate Fresh flow fountains for some other brand if I can only purchase the new filters . In all honesty I did n't want to give this new type of filter any stars for its rating .
 I have used this brand of drinking fountain for my dogs and cats for a few years . After seeing the dogs and cats lick their butts and then go get a drink of water , I decided that they really did n't need filtered water ! Save your money and leave the filters out . Your animals wo n't care .
 It gets a 3 star because I 'm not sure that it is working all that well . It 's been 3 weeks and I have not really seen any changes to the filter . The water flows passively through the system , but there is no force pushing the water through the filter per se . So I 'm not completely sure it is filtering , rather than just taking the path of least resistance around the filter . but cats are still drinking the water -LRB- albeit a bit less than initially -RRB- and still prefer it to fresh water in a bowl even after 3 weeks.ADDITIONAL INFO : The water filter itself broke after about 6 months of use . So unfortunately I have a bunch of filters and nowhere to use them . I 've taken off another star for this .
 Not what I needed at all . Eclipse has discontinued the Eclipse 3 - still looking for an an option as my lamp has failed
 I purchased this 4 months ago and it sits in my fridge-a complete waste of money . 2 cats are over 10 years old and 2 are under 2 years old . One of the 10 year old cats was around 2 living on the street when I found him . The 2 younger cats were betweeen 3-4 months old also starving in the streets when I took them in . They are all fixed/micro-chipped and after their experience not really fussy what they eat . NOT ONE SINGLE CAT will TOUCH this stuff . I can not hide even a little bit in their beloved canned Fancy Feast as they will completely ignore it and just eat the dry cat food . I am going to give it to my friend who has a dog . Maybe she will have better luck . I do not recommend this product .
 We were very disappointed by this order . The description stated `` case '' and what we received were only individual packages of the bones . This made the price we paid Amazon higher than the packages are sold for at retail stores . Very misleading .
 I got the dried krill originally because I was trying to train my Sphex Lionfish to eat non-live food . This was something suggested by my normal fish store , as well as my Father whose been keeping salt water tanks for many years . Unfortunately my lion would n't go near these with a 10-foot pole and neither would anything else in my tank , including my scavenger hermit crabs . That seemed to be an indication that they would n't be useful to me . Plus , they smell AWFUL ! Whenever you open the bottle you practically have to air out the room you 're in.The bottle has been sitting in a drawer for about a year now and I 'm thinking about throwing it away even though it 's full .
 It is supposedly reef safe , but still stresses the coral in your tank , especially non-photosynthetics and SPS . Furthermore , after an entire two-week treatment cycle -LRB- per the instructions -RRB- , no notable outcome was visible . The Ich was still present and I was still losing fish . Go ahead and skip this one ...
 THIS REVIEW IS NOT FOR THE PRODUCT AS I HAVE NOT TRIED IT . They would n't ship to me and no explanation of why . I live in San Francisco Bay Area . I do n't know why this product was ` restricted ' from being shipped here .
 My 14 year old toy poodle has been diagnosed with early kidney disease and has not been eating . Her weight dropped to 4.2 lbs so my groomer suggested I try Nutri-cal . I first tried the Puppy version and she loved it ! But after she finished that tube , I bought the Adult version and she turns up her nose at it . I ca n't tell that there is any difference between the 2 nutritionally , but obviously there must be an odor difference that turns her off .
 Received the product in good time and well packed . My vet said this was not really a good product for my dog though ; all sugar . On an very elderly dog , it can actually create more problems so check with vet first .
 I bought this to try and stimulate our Dane 's appetite . She smelled it and ran away . She will not even try it . So , I tried to get any of our other dogs to try it and nobody would even taste it .
 Honestly this food is horrible , cats shouldnt be eating kibble in the first place because it keeps them in constant state of dehydration -LRB- they dont drink a lot of water like dogs -RRB- , they may be fine for the first 10 years of their life , but its not normal for cats to develop all these health issues that are directly linked to dry , grain heavy food.My own cat was vomiting on weekly basis , until I switched to grain free food.Check out a website called catinfo . org , its written by a very smart and educated vet .
 This food is so bad . It 's so high in carbs that my cat gets a sugar high off it and half the time pukes it right back up . It 's nearly all corn meal !! What the heck ? Cats are not suppose to eat corn , no wonder my cat pukes it back up.Stay away from Pukerina , these corn base high carb cat foods just give cats weight problems , kidney problems and who knows what else .
 I ordered this catfood and we recieved it on time . . however the bag was busted and the food was everywhere . Out of a 7 pd bag I got less than half . The other idems were ok . Catfood is just one of those things that you dont order
 I usually choose from a variety of the higher quality cat foods . I make sure they are especially made for indoor cats -- something that cuts back on hairballs and helps the cat maintain a healthy weight . My husband bought this Purina Cat Chow because it was on sale and very inexpensive . All of a sudden , my cat has been doing nothing but throwing up hair balls . This was never a problem before . We 're going to be switching back to premium cat foods . They cost more , but they 're worth it .
 Will never order from you again ! Having to wait 3 day with a weekend coming up is very poor service !
 My 2 year old Cindy has developed an allergic reaction to a new bag of this Purina cat chow indoor formula food . She has been throwing up all over the rugs and floors when she used to be so careful about cleanliness ! I am starting to suspect quality control . I will never buy this product again .
 My boyfriend 's cat has been eating this food for six years . When I switched my cat over to it , she developed a UTI and has been urinating all over the house . She also gained a ton of weight . Other reviews I have found online show that cat owners have had similar problems with their cats getting sick from eating this food . PLEASE use caution ! This could make your cat ill . If your cat does eat this food , always keep an eye on him or her . I always thought male cats were more prone to UTIs and yet my female cat was sick . It cost me over $ 300 in vet bills from feeding her this food !
 I ordered this muzzle for my 7 lb miniature pinscher . It is not 3.5 '' . It is about 5.5 '' . It was huge on my dog . It is not made my Jorgensen . It is not veterinary quality . It is not all nylon . It has a plastic like material on the inside of the muzzle . The adjustable clasp is terrible . It kept coming loose .
 My cat was sick and not eating well so I bought this on advice of a coworker after my cat had gotten a force feeding and meds from the Vet . She would n't touch it ! I was surprised because both my cats like to lick the milk out of my cereal bowl when I am done . I asked my Vet what the major difference was between cat milk and people milk , she said they are basically the same but cats milk has taurine added to it , a nutrient that cats need more of . The vet recommended to give the cat regular milk and a taurine supplement if she would eat that . Luckily , after second force feeding she started eating again so I did n't need to go that route . My Vet said that cat milk is way over priced for what you get . This can is also very large and you have to use it very quickly .
 Hi folks . I do n't have spare time to review every product I buy here with over 250 orders in the last year . However , I do feel obligated to mention or warn others when a product fails under normal ordinary conditions.This bird feeder looks very nice , it holds plenty of bird seed , and I have no problems with the funky lid or filling the feeder . -LRB- I do n't like the flimsy plastic glass -RRB- I wondered `` WHY are the birds completely ignoring this feeder when I clearly see it 's still half full of seed ? They used to like it . What 's the deal ? '' Hummm.I quickly discovered the problem . What happens is ; every time it rains , the bottom area -LRB- tray -RRB- gets filled with water and saturates the seed , turning it into a thick muddy paste . At this point , the birds have no interest . After examining the feeder , I noticed the `` tray '' has little tiny drain holes - not quite the size of lead in a pencil . These drain holes are obviously insufficient . I doubt I can drill the plastic holes larger without breaking the tray.In summary , I find it surprising that no other reviewers mentioned this problem . Ultimately , my recommendation is to only buy this feeder if you hang it in a dry area , such as in a pavilion , under an eave , or a similar location . For me , it 's time to go bird feeder shopping once more.Be well , Jeff
 How much engineering genius does it take to screw up a simple bird feeder ? Its flimsy and rattles . The glass panels do not fit tight into the sides and they are very loose . The lid attaches to the top by having a cable contraption pass through it , and you slide the top down tight . But when you hang it by that same cable , the lid flops around no matter how tight you adjust the cable . Worthless and cheap !
 I have 8 birds and they need a lot of food , so I bought this one . There is a major flaw in the design of this product unless the birds eat all the seeds and throw away the hulls new seeds does n't fall down .
 Very surprised when this feeder arrived that one of the plastic perches was broken ! Cheap plastic , very poorly designed and not a good purchase at all !
 This feeder is practically impossible to get the top back on or to get it to hang straight . It looks nice but is a cheesy product and very frustrating to use.I came here looking for a good , easy-to-use bird-feeder ! -LRB- have n't found it yet -RRB- .
 The plastic on this is so cheap , it was broken upon arrival ! Buyer beware ! That 's the end of my review , but Amazon is insisting I write 20 words . What is wrong with being succinct ? Since when are longer reviews better ? Sometimes I just want to know what other people really think and I do n't need a lot of verbage . Where can I write a review review ?
 The tray at the bottom has holes to drain the rain water that get blocked by seeds . This causes the seeds to rot and the birds stay away . I did fix the feeder by drilling larger holes and mounting the feeder underneath the roof overhang of my house . I have other designs of bird feeders doing a great job of feeding the birds . Get better value for your money and buy a different brand of bird feeder .
 I loved the way this feeder looked , and bought it on line . I found the way the top fit to be annoying , but managed to get used to that . But within a week , the entire structure of the feeder was crooked , some of the panels had detached from the bottom , and within two weeks it was totally broken . My last feeder lasted for 4 years , so I know that this is n't about the usage , but instead about this very flimsily built feeder . I definitely WOULD NOT recommend this for anyone .
 This feeder is somewhat less sturdy than we needed for our strong desert winds so it was returned .
 This item is not squirrel proof but looks nice . Squirrels had a great time with it . We had to take it down .
 I liked the way this feeder looked , but it broke after a week . The squirrels at my home bent the feeder so they could have better access to the seed . I am disappointed , I know I only spent $ 25 , but I expected it to last more than a week . I am sure that if you do n't have squirrels it is a perfect bird feeder , but I would n't recommend it .
 This is a very pretty and sturdy bird feeder that has attracted larger cardinals and blue jays in my yard . However , squirrels are able to balance on the ledge of this feeder and eat the feed . Also , I live in Maryland that has experienced quite a bit of rain lately . The seed gets stuck in the slots and clumps into rotting balls . I 've had to clean the inside a few times and now just put limited amounts in the feeder to prevent a lot of loss . This is a great feeder for those of you who do not have heavy squirrel traffic and a relatively dry location .
 I 'll give Amazon 5 stars for their service but 0 for this product.First attempt - the plastic bottom arrived cracked - returned it for a replacement.Second attempt - the plastic sheathing around the wire hanger was torn preventing the lid from opening to add seed - returned it for a refund.Not sure if the plastic tray held on by small metal tabs would hold the weight of the seeds.Not sure if the thin wire hanger would hold the weight of the feeder.Even if the plastic tray was not broken or the sheathing was not torn , I would really be surprised if this product would hold up to the outdoor elements . The sides are made out of plastic which feel like they would pop out at a moment 's notice .
 I was very disappointed in this feeder , which came up in my search for a squirrel proof feeder . Maybe I should have known better , but it did it not stop the squirrels for a minute . The bottom tray is made of plastic , and when they knocked it to the ground it broke beyond repair . Since the rest is made of metal , the cheesy plastic tray is assumed to be aimed at encouraging repeat customers . Not recommended unless you live in an area without squirrels , then it is fine -LRB- if it does n't fall down for some other reason -RRB- . If you want to protect against squirrels , try something else . Made in China .
 Not very well designed or made . The plastic sheath on the wire was torn so consequently did n't slide through the top of the feeder .
 The rain trickles down the cord ... directly onto your seed ... making it clump together and mold . The seed in the outter tray gets soaked and sticks together . I previously wrote an outstanding review of this feeder ... but since my birds can not feed on molded or stuck-together seed , I must revise my opinion . Would NOT purchased this feeder .
 My wife ordered this thinking she was getting glass and metal not cheap plastic . Obviously it serves its primary function - feeding birds . It 's a little too big to be included in a Happy Meal . Think it has about a one year life expectancy . Do n't think it would sell well in the Hamptons . Great with a doublewide .
 This item arrived in a BIG box with many other items . The POOR packing resulted in the plastic perch/bottom cover arriving broken . I will attempt to fix the broken plastic , but am not happy about the products condition when it arrived !
 I have a 30lb dog and the leash broke the second time it was used . Additionally , there is no locking mechanism to keep the leash at one certain length . You have to hold the button in place to keep it at the length of your choice . I would not recommend it .
 I like the product and the convenience of the built in bags on board , but it does not hold up . This is the second one I have had . Both stopped retracting . The most recent one at least lasted for ALMOST 15 months .
 Having the built in bag dispenser is great , but after just 2 months of use with our 14 pound dog , the leash barely retracts -LRB- and wo n't retract the final 2 feet at all -RRB- .
 I liked the concept but the rewind broke within a couple weeks of receiving the product . With all the warnings about the hazards of the coiled spring I do n't dare try to open the compartment . It feels like I wasted $ 17.99 *
 There are few alternatives to this convenient design . BUTIf you take your dog out in the rain , the cord gets wet and the whole thing grows mildew . IT TENDS TO STINK . The only way to effectively clean the cord is to take it out , but then one runs the risk of parts popping off and gee wiz ... have to buy another one . Its one thing if a product sells because it is good . It 's another thing to have to buy one because it stinks . And when it breaks ... it BREAKS . If only there was a diagram to repair and replace the spring I 'd give it a higher rating . : -LRB-
 Just received this product in the mail ... I 've had it less than an hour and it broke . My dog never used it ... this leash is terrible !!! Do not purchase .
 I bought this item in Feb 2012 . The bags are great and work really well in the dispenser . Recently , each time the leash would retract , I heard a funny sound . This morning while on my mile and a half walk with my dog , it extended all the way and never retracted . I spent the rest of the walk holding onto the line and praying my dog did n't see a cat , make a run for it , and chop my fingers off !! The retractable leashes I had in the past lasted until my dog chewed through the line during social visits on our walks . I 'm very disappointed this leash only lasted 7 months : - <
 This seemingly wonderful product worked well for about 5 days and then the catch mechanism broke and it was worthless . You 're better off getting a durable retractable leash and buying the bag-holder separately .
 The built-in bag bit is fantastic , but the leash was n't retracting properly almost from the get-go , and after getting some sand in the mix , it was almost useless .
 I bought this based on positive reviews on here by people who claimed it lasted a long time with even destructive dogs . Since there 's nothing more dangerous than a retractable leash that fails to work , I bought this ` oversized ' leash rated for up to 110 lb . dogs for use with my new 20 lb . Basenji figuring that it should pretty much last forever . However , our second time out to the park yesterday , the stop button broke and let the leash extend to maximum ... thank goodness we were n't anywhere near traffic.Honestly , with less than 2 hours of use by a 20 lb . dog before failure , I 'd hate to imagine what would happen if you used this on a larger dog . What a piece of garbage . It 's probably too much hassle to try and get my $ 17 dollars back to even be worth it . I 'm not sure if all the positive reviews on here are real or not , but based on my experience ... I kind of doubt it .
 The lock mechanism is awkward , impossible to use with just one hand , and it does n't always work . The unit itself keeps falling apart at the center seam , and I have to snap it back together . I never use it ... it just sucks . It 's only redeeming quality is the built in dispenser , and that 's not enough .
 I just bought this product today and I am already having problems . First walk out and after using the break the button sticks and it will not go back to working normally unless I manually unstick the button.On the positive note having the bag dispenser built right in the handle is a great idea , I just wish this product worked better .
 Amazon has since sent me ads for much cheaper finch socks.The on line description was somewhat confusing . I thought it was for 3 socks , but after -LRB- I received the order -RRB- reviewing I saw it was 3 in stock.I will still continue to use Amazon as I usually find it speedy and reasonable.ThanksRich
 While Arm & Hammer is famous & its baking soda has many a great use , this product misses the mark . Even just one small sprinkle creates such an overwhelming scent of `` fresh '' that it is literally sickening . It is as bad , if not worse , then smelling the litter itself ! It only masks , or covers up the odor ; it does not eliminate it . I have 6 cats and clean my boxes twice a day faithfully , yet still have the odor in my home . Am going to try the litter crystals , such as the one by Oreck , to see if they truly absorb the odor .
 I have purchased Fresh n Clean -LRB- the purple label -RRB- in local pet supplies stores , and have been very happy with it 's effectiveness in destroying catbox odor . However , recently it has become difficult , if not impossible to locate this product - so I took the time to find the product on line - even though it is significantly more expensive to purchase it this way once shipment is added to the cost . When I received the shipment , I opened it only to find the Arm & Hammer -LRB- gold label -RRB- Litter Deodorizer . It is not the same product . I could have saved myself a lot of money , time and effort by going to a local store to get this second-rate product . I am very disappointed and will not order from this site again .
 Six different -LRB- pretty healthy -RRB- kittens that I fostered at different times would not eat this stuff , neither lapping it themselves or being bottle fed . I had to force feed them . : -LRB-
 This product did nothing to control fleas at all . I spinkled it on the cat condo and fleas were still sitting on it . It does NOT control or kill fleas at all .
 This product has absolutely no effect on fleas . It is , however , the most annoying super fine -LRB- so as to be maddingly sticky -RRB- powder that feels like it never all comes off your hands . The smell is in no way pleasant either .
 Very thin wood . Dog house was falling apart before I even got it put together ! Hole is so big in the frobt it offers no wind or protection from the cold . Floor just sits in and buckles after a few uses . Three heavy rains and the roof is buckling in 2 places . Black paint around trim fading after only a month . This dog house is pretty to look at , but if you want a heavy , well insulated house for your dog , do n't buy this unless shade is all your dog needs it for .
 In the description and on the tag it clearly states that this is a puppet . Fearing that public schooling had once again lead me astray I googled the term puppet.here 's what I came up with : Definition of PUPPET1
 This is such a cute idea , and it is a good size and very colorful . Soft and alot of fun ... FOR ALL OF TEN MINUTES . My 7 month old dobie had the left ear off and was pulling out the stuffing in just ten minutes.Not a good toy for large breed pups .
 I 've been purchasing muzzles for my aggressive dog for over 10 years so I 've purchased quite a number of them in my day . My dog needs to wear a muzzle any time he leaves my house or any time company comes over so he usually ends up wearing it for an hour or more at a time and is acclimated to wearing one so he does n't fuss or try to remove it . I needed a muzzle that was durable , would allow panting , drinking and was comfortable . I had used plastic muzzles but I got tired of having to replace them frequently because the are n't very durable , especially when my dog would rub his face in the snow . I thought this muzzle would be perfect for him since it was coated so it would n't heat up in the sun and it had all the features the plastic Italian basket muzzles had except this one would n't break from daily wear and tear . I have 3 major issues with this product
 I purchased a frisbee for my boxer . The words on the package , that it was resistant to punctures was what sold me on it . Sad to say , 30 mins after getting the frisbee home , my dog already had a significant enough hole in it that we had to stop playing with it so he did n't choke on the pieces that were hanging off .
 These are nothing like the one 's used in a vet office . As a prior vet asst , these clippers seemed the same as the more expensive one used in clinics -LRB- besides the color difference -RRB- . But when I tried to clip my german shepards nails it was a struggle and when I finally got through the nail , no matter which way I held the clippers , they 'd lock up . So hear me when I say , stick to the orange handle clippers .
 I 've been purchasing muzzles for my aggressive dog for over 10 years so I 've purchased quite a number of them in my day . My dog needs to wear a muzzle any time he leaves my house or any time company comes over so he usually ends up wearing it for an hour or more at a time and is acclimated to wearing one so he does n't fuss or try to remove it . I needed a muzzle that was durable , would allow panting , drinking and was comfortable . I had used plastic muzzles but I got tired of having to replace them frequently because the are n't very durable , especially when my dog would rub his face in the snow . I thought this muzzle would be perfect for him since it was coated so it would n't heat up in the sun and it had all the features the plastic Italian basket muzzles had except this one would n't break from daily wear and tear . I have 3 major issues with this product
 I 've been purchasing muzzles for my aggressive dog for over 10 years so I 've purchased quite a number of them in my day . My dog needs to wear a muzzle any time he leaves my house or any time company comes over so he usually ends up wearing it for an hour or more at a time and is acclimated to wearing one so he does n't fuss or try to remove it . I needed a muzzle that was durable , would allow panting , drinking and was comfortable . I had used plastic muzzles but I got tired of having to replace them frequently because the are n't very durable , especially when my dog would rub his face in the snow . I thought this muzzle would be perfect for him since it was coated so it would n't heat up in the sun and it had all the features the plastic Italian basket muzzles had except this one would n't break from daily wear and tear . I have 3 major issues with this product
 This thing is not the sixe it said it is and the leather used is garbage . My dog got this peice of crap off in 1 minute . If you need a muzzle DO NOT BUY IT ONLINE go get one at a store so you know you have the right size
 it 's true this stuff gets the animal smell out , but it leaves behind the odor of the product which is not all that great . I called the number on the bottle and spoke with a staff member - who sounded just like the voice on their voice mail - on several occasions . She promised to have the customer service staff call me back - NEVER HAPPENED . I have sent several emails as directed on their voicemail - NEVER RESPONDED . I was not asking to return the product , just some advise in getting the product smell out of my carpet . I am having to go rent a carpet cleaning machine at this point . Should have done that first and never purchased this product . DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCTGet Serious Stain , Odor & Pheromone Extractor - Gallon
 We have used Get serious for a while now and it 's great . The problem here is we have a new puppy and cant wait until she grows up to receive it . The price may be better than a reputable dealer , but not if you cant get it in a reasonable amount of time ... Wont make that mistake again .
 Although there is nothing really `` wrong '' with this product , it did n't work for me and my dog . He has a very short muzzle , but a very big head . The muzzle was constantly rubbing up and down his nose , and he could slip out of it very easily . I would recommend sizing your dogs muzzle very carefully before purchasing .
 Not only did this not work particularly well on any of my rugs it ruined the nap on the very high quality rug in my living room ; it seems to have completely removed a layer of wool or something - looks weird . Does not stop dogs re-staining same area either . We have a rescue pup who went right back to the same spot I had cleaned on a different rug . Completely bogus claims from this company and I suspect these reviews can not be real . I will be writing to them to complain . And yes , I did use it as instructed .
 The fan is made of cheap plastic and will probably break soon . The fan barely puts out any air . Next time I will spend a little more money for hopefully a better product that actually blows air .
 Having been in the dog world for many years , when I saw the name Precision - I assumed this would be a good product . They are nothing but junk . They were falling apart in hours after hanging on the crates . One fell off -LRB- the arm broke off -RRB- at the show , fell on the ground and the plastic broke . During the day , the rest of the arms fell off and I had to junk them . Even a give-away toy from McDonalds would have better quality .
 I bought 2 of these fans for using on the dogs that we keep in the back of the car - we have a black car and I worry my 2 dogs will overheat when we travel with them often.I ordered 2 of these fans , one was broken , for the cost to ship it back , it was n't worth it . The other one hardly puts out any air and is loud - and you need to use several `` C '' batteries that only last about 4 hours - that is barely a one way trip for us!Save your money if you want to get a create cooling fan !
 I never got to really give it a chance because it was way too perfumey for me or my dog
 From the description of the item saying it 's assorted colors and the picture showing 4 different perches i thought i was getting multiple perches , but instead i just received one . if i had known it was just one perch i would not have ordered it . Description and picture seems to be very deceiving .
 A piece of plastic junk . Copper ? Not much . Dome and tray are plastic . Not enough copper to be referred to as copper . Tray wo n't stay attached to bottom thus dropping all the seed on the ground . Poor plastics clips to hold bottom tray . They wo n't hold it . The COPPER -LRB- Plastic -RRB- dome is warped looking like a cheap piece of plastic . Where can I send it back ? Looks like the garbage can to me . DO N'T BUY THIS ONE !!!!!!!!!
 This feeder was NOT as represented . First it is NOT copper , it is plastic . I think Amazon should mention this in a birder feeder that costs this much . In the contents list in the box it lists a mounting pole is enclosed . It was not included , and not in the subsequent replacement feeder either . The plastic pieces that govern seed size that are on each port all broke after the first refill . So , I 'm pretty much stuck with using large sunflower seeds for it . Also , I must have pretty smart squirrels where I live , as they have no trouble getting into this feeder via the squirrel guard . I would not recommend this for anyone . I wish I had sent the replacement feeder back .
 For one thing , this feeder is way too large -LRB- see product dimensions -RRB- so unless you have acres and acres of free space in your yard , it 's not a good fit . And yes , those little bugger squirrels figured this one out within 2 days . Very dissapointed , as it was supposed to be a gift for my mother . She 's still searching for the perfect , affordable , squirrel proof bird feeder .
 Well I bought this item for our house , and it looked great in the beginning , I expected the seed to get damp , so I kept it half full to not waste to much seed . The disappointing thing is how fast if fell apart . The bottom fell off -LRB- glued it -RRB- , then all of the little seed covers popped out or were chewed off . Looked good just did n't last 6 months .
 I expected this feeder to be made of heavy copper . Instead it is made of plastic that is copper colored . It is flimsy and the squirels broke the bottom off of it right away . Not squirel proof ! I have put the bottom back on and I am still using it until it totally falls apart .
 The tube failed 3 days after the warranty . When you pour food into it , the food just runs out onto the ground . Expensive yet cheap .
 I ordered this for my mother as a gift for her birthday . Wanted something that held a good amount of seed since she is 95 and continually having to go out to fill a feeder in the winter is not easy . When I saw this item and read the information it said made of acrylic and copper . I thought since it showed the feed ports in copper that meant metal copper and not plastic . The small red squirrels and chipmunks -LRB- she has many -RRB- will have a field day with this . I give the `` plastic '' a very short life as they will definately chew their way through . Wish I had paid better attention !!!
 I do n't recommend buying this if there is even a slight chance a squirrel can get to it . The ports are plastic and I think they like the taste of them . I have had to replace the ports , through the maker , 3 times now . Plus the squirrels have learned to pull them out and let the seed fall to the ground . If the maker could desing the ports out of metal , this would be a great feeder .
 Bird feeder was delivered as advertised . Bird feeder was itself was not damaged , but there was a hole in the bottom of shipping carton . The the mounting pole was not in the box ; it was probably lost through the hole . I intended to hang the the feeder , so the loss of the pole was inconsequental for me . I am pleased with the purchase .
 Every morning I come out and chase the squirrels off this feeder . Later on the doves come and sit on the tray and eat the seeds . Sparrows also like it but no bird that I have seen has used the little slots to grab on to feed . Most of the birds that come to my yard prefer the single tube feeders . The squirrel guard should be floppy and this feeder has a stable guard.Opus 71032 Topflight Copper Triple Tube Bird Feeder
 I have had this about a year , the feeding ports that switch from thistle feed to sunflower seed have been completely chewed up by either the birds or the squirrels . So now when I try to fill the feeder the seed simply pours out all over the ground . This was a gift , I do not have any warranty information and can not find any info on the company for any replacement parts . It 's a shame because I hate to just throw it out , before they ate through the ports it worked great , all my birds loved it . The squirrels can get into it so you do need other baffels for them.I do agree that it should not be advertised as `` copper '' . It is copper colored plastic . This was not an issue for me , but I can see how it would be for others if they did not read carefully.Anyone have any contact information on the company so I can try to get replacement parts ?
 This feeder is very , very difficult to take apart for cleaning . The tabs on the feed tubes are difficult to line up for insertion and can be easily broken which will make the tube fall . Also , the bottom feed tray does not snap securely into place and falls out.I would not recommend this product because it is not easy to maintain and is too costly for what you get .
 I purchased one of these feeders in late August , 2009 and in less than 3 weeks , one of the cheap plastic flip gates -LRB- that control seed delivery at each of the ports -RRB- had either broken off or a bird or squirrel had eaten it , and I can now only fill that tube half way -LRB- it was an upper port -RRB- , because the seeds spill out of the open port . I wrote the company at the address listed in their warranty information and the letter was returned by the Post Office as undeliverable . Either the address is phony or the company has gone out of business or moved without leaving any forwarding address . I am now stuck with a feeder that is operational on 21/2 tubes , for which I paid nearly $ 60 . My advice - find another feeder to buy ! Looks good , but if it breaks you are stuck !
 I have decided to return this feeder . The cons are more pronounced than the pros , for me.Pros : * Seems durable enough . * Tubes hold two times the quantity of typical feeders.Cons : * The feeder atracted undesirable larger birds such as crows and grackles -LRB- at first this was not the case but they made themselves known yesterday -RRB- * The mourning doves , while not necessarily undesirable , were taking a powder by sitting leisurely in the tray ! * There is no barrier between the tray and the tubes , so when I went to clean the tray , all of the seed still in the tubes came with it ! That was quite the sweeping session . Think about this
 I expected clear plastic tubes with real copper trim , a huge disappointment
 Bottom of feeder would not affix to the feeder . They sent me another one . It did n't work eitherVery bad engineering . Would not buy this product again . Wish I had n't bought it in thefirst place .
 This product arrived broken . I returned it to Amazon and another was sent . The second one was missing a part -LRB- one of the perches for the feeding hole -RRB- so I used one from the first feeder before returning it . Even worse is that Amazon wo n't acknowledge that I returned the feeder and , despite contacting them with UPS proof of delivery , Amazon charged my credit card for the damaged birdfeeder that I returned.I wrote a review already but Amazon did n't post it . Let 's see if they post this one .
 I got this feeder because of its capacity . I did not think it was squirrel proof when I bought it , but the squirrels trashed it . They pulled out the plastic pieces that can be set for different size seed , and pulled off one of the copper `` protectors '' . Now when I fill it the seed , when the feeder is shaken , pours out of the openings . This feeder does not seem to last if there are squirrels . Other feeders we have are not squirrel proof , but have not been trashed ... - David
 This item felt flimsy . Essentially all plastic . It is copper colored plastic . The Squirrels were the only things eating from it .
 I , too , was expecting a copper bird feeder . Should have read the reviews a bit better but I skipped right over the one that showed disappointment for the entire construction being plastic . The other thing that bothered me was the loose construction of how the top screwed onto the base . There is nothing to prevent rain water from seeping in the tubes . Which would be fine for covered feeding -LRB- like under a porch or an awning -RRB- but not good for exposed feeding in a rainy climate . Damp birds need to eat , too .
 This birdfeeder was advertised as a copper and it is copper colored plastic ! The size was not given and it is larger than I would have wanted . Needless to say , I will not trust Amazon for anymore purchases unless I have actually seen the product somewhere else .
 The bird feeder was damaged during shipping . The top frame holding the tubes wss cracked and several pieces broke off and were in the bottom of the box . The box did not show any signs of abuse . Makes you wonder how this feeder will hold up to a squirrel attack .
 One of the advertised features of this feeder is that it does hold a large amount of seed . Unfortunately , if you have squirrels you 'll find yourself refilling all three tubes at least every other day . The feeder has plastic coverings for the ports that swivel up and down to allow you to serve either a regular seed mix or nyger seed . The squirrels clawed off the coverings and I had to constantly re-attach them . -LRB- You ca n't fill the tubes without these covers because the seed will just poor out . -RRB- Three of the covers are now missing . I put this feeder up the first week in December and it went to the landfill Easter weekend . Now since this is an equal opportunity review I will tell you that the squirrels give the feeder high marks . They like the large dome that keeps them dry in the rain , and they especially like the tray that lets them sit while the dine . If you want a feeder that squirrels wo n't even look at try the Droll Yankee Whipper .
 Pretty and sleek disign.Probably is normal that it took several weeks for birds to get acclaimated to use it.Squirrels have no problem climbing the pole to the seed . I bought it for the supossed anti squirrel properities.Cardinals and other big birds do not visit . It mostly attracts ordinar
 I purchased this feeder at the end of December . I knew it would n't be copper , but it is still attractive . I wanted a 3-tube feeder to hold a large quantity of seed since I have squirrels and pigeons feeeding , much to my dismay.Well , here it is 3 months later and the feeder is gone . It apparently unscrewed itself and crashed to the ground breaking it beyond repair . Even before its demise the feeder ports kept closing to the thistle seed position which halted feeding of the sunflower seed . I had intended to glue them in position when the weather turned warmer ; however , that is no longer necessary . In short , do n't waste your money .
 I was looking for a bird feeder that my bulimic squirrels do not empty in 2 seconds . I saw a beutifull 3 tubes feeder made of couper . This is mine !! I thought and I ask for it inmediately . First disappointment
 Too bad this was n't actually made out of copper ... squirrels chewed a fist sized hole in the top -LRB- see photo posted -RRB- . I 'm going to try to salvage it somehow.Also , seeds get stuck in the part on the bottom between the base and tubes , causing them to sprout . I had a heck of a time cleaning that out - and it 's not even all out .
 The feeder is advertised as made of copper - not only at Amazon but in many other sites that sell it . Many people , including me , have been led to believe they were buying a copper feeder when it is made of copper colored plastic . I could not return it because the shipping to return it would have cost me almost as much as I paid for the feeder . Do n't buy it for the copper content , buy it for other reasons if you must .
 The size of this feeder was good . However it was described as copper and it is not . The picture made it look like it had a copper top and bands , but the top was plastic and so was the base . Not very sturdy . I returned it . -LRB- It was also damaged in shipping -RRB- Had it been made with copper it would have been a great feeder .
 I 've purchase 4 of these units over the years and have been satisfied for the most part except for durability . They hold a lot of seed and it 's nice to limit filling to once or twice a week . 2 of the units were destroyed by bears , but I did n't presume that anyone but myself -LRB- and maybe God -RRB- was responsible for that damage . I did however attempt to have warranty service performed on my latest purchase from May 09 . It had been thoroughly damaged by squirrels . I sent a letter to the address listed and it was returned with the notation Not Deliverable as Addressed , Unable to Forward . I resent it thinking maybe the postal employee made a mistake but it was also returned . The address -LRB- s -RRB- listed on my paperwork was Opus , 24 William Way , Bellingham , Mass 02019 . I used the also listed PO Box 525 address the second time . Both were returned . I 've looked online for an updated address without luck . My advise to you is to purchase a brand other than Opus Top Flight if you expect any need for warranty service , IE . have squirrels or other wildlife . The advertised Lifetime Warranty is n't much of a plus if you ca n't contact the company .
 Copper , more like plastic and a lot of it . That copper color you see in the picture , it 's plastic and the only copper they have on the item is purely decorative . Do n't waste your time or money .
 If squirrels had n't completely chewed up this feeder , I 'd return it and demand my money back . The only thing that could make this feeder squirrel proof is if someone sat underneath it with a pellet gun .
 The company shipped a very damaged box -LRB- holes , tears , smashed and one roll of clear tape holding it together -RRB- with the product inside broken in 3 pieces . I 've never had to contact Amazon over anything before . They stated this came from a different party . I explained that on the website it stated that it was sold by Amazon -LRB- no 2nd party -RRB- . The company is refunding my money which I 'm still waiting for . As for the product , it probably would 've been very nice . It is quite large for a bird feeder and the copper looked pretty . Too bad . The UPS driver even said he was ashamed that he had to deliver it . : -LRB-
 I was very disappointed in the feeder when it arrived . The box was torn and taped in several places also the feeder itself had several parts broken off . I notified the company and they asked me to return it with a comment as to why . I did so and requested a refund . In approximately 1-1/2 weeks I received an email my account was to be credited for the full amount . Very soon after the email I was able to confirm that the funds had been credited to my account .
 Only copper in this feeder is in the tube . Ad has you thinking top and bottom is copper but it is not . it is plastic . might as well buy the plastic feeder to start with , it 's cheeper.Last three orders I have done with Amazon have been broke or would not work . Getting tired of throwing things in the trash . Hate to say it but I am about done with Amazon . They are not the company they were a few years ago .
 It looks nice and basically works okay , but I think the holes are too small . The birds have trouble getting the seeds out and it discourages them . They will eat here only when other avenues are exhausted
 Seeds just pour through . I filled it last night at dusk and today it is empty . It is mounted on a pole with a squirrel baffle . Squirrels ca n't reach it . A bird pulls out a seed and they just keep on pouring . I had an older OPUS brand for several years so I thought it would be good . For sale , Cheap.Amazon usually has quality products .
 Bird feeder is very attractive and my birds love it . Only problem is that after a little more than a month the bottom tray does not want to stay attached . Is already dropping down on one side and even though I tried to push it back up in place it will not stay . It is mounted on a pole out away from trees , etc. so that only birds can get to it .
 This product is almost a good one . The squirrels have learned that they are able to grab the lower ledge of the feeder as they fall past it from the top . They then proceed to chew the plastic seed doors off which then causes an avalanche of seeds as the entire feeder empties onto the ground . After a week this feeder is no longer usable as it no longer holds seed . A few improvements are needed
 I was expecting this to be a copper bird feeder - I was hoping to match my copper bird bath . Note that this is copper-colored plastic - * not * copper . If you do n't mind the plastic , it seems like a nice bird feeder , but I chose to send it back .
 There us very little copper on this `` copper bird feeder '' . Do n't kid yourself by thinking that the roof is made of copper , it is made of plastic . The only copper portions are the accents near the perches.This is definitely NOT squirrel-proof . The squirrels were able to easily jump up and sit on the bottom of the feeder , and even chewed through the feed holes next to the perches . Once they did that , the feeder is useless as the feed just pours out of the side of the feeder.If I could give it zero stars , I would . This definitely not worth the money . Keep looking for another feeder .
 * I would not recommend this bird feeder . The tubes that hold the food are fragile and the clips that hold the bottom tray to the feeding tubes are weak . I broke one of them the first time I removed the tray to clean the feed tubes .
 Imagine my surprise when I opened the box to find a PLASTIC contraption rather than the elegant copper one the description and photo lead me to believe . This is an unattractive , overly large feeder with a big brownish plastic dome on top . Yuk .
 Sure looked like a good bird feeder for the price . Too bad I will never know more than that . First feeder I ordered and received was missing parts . Replacement feeder received was in pieces -LRB- broken -RRB- . Reurned that one and now I understand Amazon is returning all remaining inventory to the manufacturer for replacement . Unsure if these problems occurred from manufacturer or after shipment from Amazon , but there was no indication of damage to any of the shipping boxes . You may want to wait a few weeks to order this item and pray the problem has been resolved .
 After just four months in our bird feeding station , this feeder has been destroyed by squirrels . I really do n't mind that they quickly figured out how to access the seed ports . What I do mind is that they chewed through the plastic parts in the ports so that all the seed just pours out onto the ground . Very disappointed and would definitely not buy this one again .
 If I had read all the negative reviews of this feeder , I never would have purchased it . Be warned ! Do Not Waste Your Money ! I expected a sturdy feeder with copper ports , tray , and cover that would withstand the squirrels in our neighborhood . What a disappointment to discover that the only copper is the bands around the tubes . All the other `` copper '' is copper-colored plastic . I should have returned it , but needed a new feeder so I did n't . It 's been up about a month , and the squirrels have already chewed off three of the plastic parts that shield the openings . As a result , the seed just pours out . Now my expensive `` copper '' feeder is patched with duct tape . What a rip-off !
 Very disappointing as well as misleading . The top baffle , as well as the bottom catch tray are made out of plastic , not copper . This was not at all clear from either the description or the photo .
 This product arrived with the eye-screw -LRB- which is required to hang the feeder , see photo -RRB- unassembled . There is no way to assemble it , apart from taking entire feeder apart and using a long-handled socket wrench to affix it to the top . I infer from the directions -LRB- which say nothing about having to make this assembly -RRB- as well as the photo that the eye-screw should have been pre-attached at the factory . It took me hours to attach -- normally I would just have returned the product , but I happened to have the tools and did n't want to wait . Also , the feeding tubes are fairly small in diameter , so it does n't hold as much feed as I expected . And , although the copper plates around the mid-section are nice , the rest of the copper-colored parts , as well as the tubes , are cheap plastic , easily cracked . I will keep looking for a replacement for my previous triple tube feeder -LRB- which did n't have these defects , and which I thought maybe this would be -RRB- .
 With no description , this is a joke right ? $ $ $ looks just like others and half the cost . So without other information , you appear to have priced yourself out of the market
 My 25 lb . cocker/eskimo had this toy shredded in less than a day . Granted , she does tend to chew her toys up , but I wrongly assumed from the other reviews that this one just might last ... not so !!! If your dog tends to chew up toys , this is not the toy for you !
 My 9 month old labrador loved this toy but in only a couple of hours itcame apart and she tore an eye off . I might be able to re-sew it but I would n't recommend it for a dog that likes to chew things . I have a Dr. Noy soft toy that has held up much better .
 I bought this feeder to try because I was having trouble with finches at my hummingbird feeders . I live in the deep South where it is pretty hot during hummingbird season . The instructions that came with the feeder have a Special Note that states `` Direct sunlight may cause pressure to build up inside the nectar container , forcing nectar out of the feeding ports . If you notice nectar seeping out , move the feeder into a shaded or semi-shaded location . '' Not only direct sunlight , but also just high Southern heat can cause the nectar to seep . I have the feeder in the shade but the nectar still seeps and I have not seen a hummingbird at this feeder . I plan to take this feeder to Michigan where my mother has active hummers and will see if the design works better there . Since nectar seepage in the heat must be an ongoing issue or there would not have been a Special Note at the end of the instructions , I think that information should be prominently included in the product description .
 I purchased this model last summer . The plastic hook broke off very soon after it was hung . It appears to have been simply glued onto the top of the feeder . I have made several unsuccessful attempts to to reattach the hook . The feeder is now useless .
 I have a birding/nature store and thought this would be a great feeder to keep birds other than hummingbirds from guzzling the nectar . Every one I sold was returned because they drip terribly . When I tried it myself , I had the same experience and on top of that the hummingbirds did n't use it . I had a huge sticky wet mess underneath the feeder and just gave up on it and have quit selling it . I see that other reviewers have had better luck and maybe theirs did n't drip , but living in New Mexico with the hot summer sun , I would n't recommend it because of the drip factor . There are far better feeders than this one .
 It 's hard to unscrew bottom to fill , plus if you have alot of hummingbirds , this is not the right feeder for you .
 Purchased 2 of these . One to replace a broken one and one as a spare . Just opened the spare and is leaks everywhere . The bottom part leaks and even the seam in the glass at the top o-ring connection leaks . Since it was purchased > 6 months ago it seems I ca n't even return it even though I just opened the box.Amazon was however very responsive when I explained the problem and shipped me a new one right away .
 The feeder that showed up at my door has a ` ribbed ' glass reservoir like a pumpkin , not the smooth egg-like form shown in the photo . Very disappointing .
 My hummingbirds have ignored this feeder for some reason . They prefer my window feeders to this one . I 'm sorry I purchased this feeder .
 We were given this item as a gift and it is a beautiful feeder . We think the glass globes are too heavy for the construction of the mobile . If they could be replaced with plastic it would be much safer and perform better . I gave it 2 stars for appearance only . We filled it once and we were too afraid to keep it up because of the weight of the globes .
 While I have the original Garden Song feeder , one of my feeders broke -LRB- due to me dropping it -RRB- therefore ordered a replacement which looks like the same online but once I received it , the glass part is not smooth and round like the originals or as shown in the picture so it does n't match the others.Will probably still use it but not pleased that it does n't match .
 This product was a disapointment.The item appears to be a good stable feeder.But , the feeder did not even survive one season.The attachment between the bulb and the hanger is unstable . This resulted in the total distruction of this product before the season was over . The new Opus design does not allow the ring to pass through the glass . The result is a split ring . The material the ring is made of is to soft -LRB- ie aluminum . -RRB- The ring lacks durability , and allows the bulb to fall unexpectedly.I liked the thickness of the new ring , it just needs to pass through the glass .
 Was not expecting the feeder to be so small -- my error . Should have realized that 10 ounces would hardly last one day . Also , as one reviewer mentioned , it does not look like the picture advertising the feeder . Such errors of misinformation , while I 'm sure not intentional , should be corrected ... agw
 After having two of the Garden Jewels feeder up for three day and only having Humming Birds look at it I filled and hung my trusty old one quart plastic feeder . The birds emptied the plastic feeder in about a week , they did n't even go to the Garden Jewels feeder when the plastic feeder was empty.I gave it one star for for being CUTE , it does n't attract bees and you ca n't give zero starsMay 30 edit , A bear just broke my plastic feeder but did not touch these feeders.So , it does attract humming Birds , Bees or even Bears
 Second time I filled it up my thumb went right through the glass . Do n't buy this if your looking for a lasting and functional feeder . Nice in appearace but very ppor quality and craftmanship
 I was sent three fluted , clear-glass hummingbird feeders , not what I had ordered but not worth the trouble of returning the product for the red glass .
 Did it say that in the description ? I do n't know . Maybe it 's necessary , but I 've seen many that are all glass and very lovely . This is fine , but not as pretty as it looks here .
 You did n't send me anything like what the picture shows . You sent me 2 silly generic looking plastic humming bird feeders and I think I ordered 5 of the glass Garden Jewels 447-12 10 oz . Hummingbird Feeders because they are beautiful and different . I am very disappointed . These are a present for my husband and father for Father 's Day and I have n't given them to them yet . They wo n't know all of this drama but I do and I am so unhappy .
 Item is not as pictured . Item is clear glass on top , not a smooth glass globe , it has molded `` segments '' around the globe . Bottom cap is red plastic . This is fine except that I was looking to replace the identical item pictured for an existing hanging feeder that holds 3 globes . This feeder works fine , but I was disappointed that it was not the one in the photo , so it does not match the system .
 Item is not as pictured . Item is clear glass on top , not a smooth glass globe , it has molded `` segments '' around the globe . Bottom cap is red plastic . This is fine except that I was looking to replace the identical item pictured for an existing hanging feeder that holds 3 globes . This feeder works fine , but I was disappointed that it was not the one in the photo , so it does not match the system.The MOST disappointing thing is that I later ordered a similar feeder from Amazon for $ 5.99 . I was going to see which one worked better for my system . I received the same exact feeder as this one ! It was also not as pictured . So , there are 2 feeders for sale on Amazon , both advertised as completely different feeders , one priced at twice the amount as the other . I paid $ 5.99 for one , and $ 13.99 for the other . When I received the 2 feeders , they were EXACTLY the same item . And neither of these feeders are the one in the photos .
 I purchased this feeder in the winter . I thought it was a nice design and a good choice for my collection of feeders . Since putting it out , the hummingbirds just are n't real thrilled with it . I 'm refilling the other feeders every other day and this one I have to dump out the water because it has gone stale . I ca n't put a finger on it , what they do n't like about it . I have to shake it lightly to get the air bubbles out of the base . I 've noticed that they have to lean over and down to reach the flower . I do n't know if this is an uncomfortable position for them or if it has anything to do with why they do n't come to this one and fight over the others . I still have hope that it will become one of their favorites , but at this point have my doubts .
 This feeder is poorly designed . Air bubbles form in the bottom preventing the nectar from getting to the `` flowers '' . I have to keep tapping the feeder to get rid of the air bubbles .
 all but one of the nozzles leak ... the sugar water that leaks on the deck then attracts ants
 I 'm about to buy my second replacement , after the glass cracked on the first two . Quality is very low , but the ability to put this feeder right on our kitchen window is wonderful and our children adore it . If I could find any similar product from another manufacturer , I 'd buy it instead .
 I had given this feeder a 5-star rating and reviewed it as a worthwhile purchase . Now I wish I had n't . After a month of being on the window , it suddenly came crashing down . I did everything exactly as the instructions said , and it did work well for awhile . It just did n't last . We are still stepping on shards of glass .
 Very nice looking feeder . It is just poorly made/designed . You need to take off the suction cup section to mount to the window , then attach the feeder part to that . I could n't get them apart . Without doing this , you ca n't get the suction cups to adhere to the window enough to prevent it falling off . Look at other reviews about how to dremmel part of the suction cup section away to get around this . Eventually this works well , just not as shipped .
 While it seems intuitively obvious , I nonetheless read the instructions on how to mount this . Then I did what it said
 Only buy this if you dont want to stick it onto a window with the suction cups . the plastic piece that holds the cups in place prevent the cups from gaining full contact with the glass , so I was unable to stick it to my window !! That said , I can still use it by just setting it on a shelf on my balcony . It works fine this way and the birds still come to drink . I am satisfied with that , but do not buy this if you really want to use it as it is described `` suction cupped to window '' The design does not allow this type of attachment .
 There seems to be a stick/no-stick debate here ... You know how when you are putting a suction cup on something , you have to press it in and then it kind of pulls away a little and sucks on ? Well , there is hard plastic all around the suction cups , making the pushing on part somewhat impossible . If it does go on , it 's a very heavy , thick glass feeder , so I doubt it 'll stay there .
 I would not recommend this product . Much to heavy for the windows ! With the cost of postage and the product itself , it is over-priced and I would not repeat the order . I finally replaced the suction cups with larger ones , it would still not stay on the glass window after many tries .
 We purchased this 14 oz . / 370 ml glass window hummingbird feeder and it does not work . We have tried every which way to make the suction cups work and they do not stay on the window . The instructions indicated that the bracket would detach from the bottle but that was not the case . We will not be buying a product by this company again . Also , the company makes it impossible to reach them on their stated web address .
 I have had other window feeders and this one was very disappointing . First of all the plastic around the suction cups was too thick to let the suction cup stick to the window . Could not even use the feeder on the window . Tried using the flowers in my old feeder and the hummingbird would not even use the feeder with these flowers in it . They may be too deep . It was a real waste of money . Might as well throw it out . Should be receiving a refund .
 Well , I ordered this online as we could n't find any window-mounted feeders locally . It 's lasted exactly two weeks . The problem is the extremely weak design
 I was really looking forward to this , I love hummingbirds . The first came and I found that the glass part had broken area where it attaches to the suction cup holder . So ... I tried again and this time it appeared intact . Until I filled it with the liquid and hung it on the holder and the glass broke out -LRB- just a small piece but that 's all it takes -RRB- in the exact same place as the previous one . Has to be a defect in manufacturing . Was a very big disappointment .
 Shame on me ! I should have read the reviews before I purchased this piece of garbage . I had the same experience as others -- cumbersome to fill , trouble attaching to the window , then the whole thing crashes to the deck . An atractive price until you find you 're charged more than half the price of the item to have it shipped , not to mention the poor quality design . Could n't give me another one of these ...
 All of the reviews criticizing the design are correct . The link between the bottle and the suction cup assembly is fatally flawed . On the feeder I received , the glass blob and the runners on the suction cup frame fit together so tightly that there 's no way to get the feeder off the frame when it 's stuck to a window . Once it 's on the window you have to wrestle the entire assembly off to refill , and then go through the tortuous process of remounting the suction cups . Good news/bad news - the feeder is so cheap that it 's not worth paying the postage to send it back . Despite the much higher cost , I think the only maker of hummingbird feeders worth buying is Aspects .
 I 've got several different kinds of hummingbird feeders . I bought this one because I like to see the hummingbirds rest . I very carefully followed the * extensive * installation instructions on the suction cups -LRB- boiling , finger oils , washing the window -RRB- , and then hung it up . About 10 seconds later it fell down , smashing the red plastic feeder unit completely . I replaced it with a lighter , all-plastic feeder whose suction cups held it solidly to the window all summer
 I had purchased the Perky Pet Hummingbird Feeder on a different occasion and thought I would get another as the Perky Pet window mounted was such an attraction for hummingbirds . Unfortunately , the Opus model did not adhere to the window very well -LRB- and yes we did try using hot water on the suction cups . -RRB- I recommend getting the Perky Pet to those who want a no fuss feeder .
 The window attachment did not work with this hummingbird feeder . Had to improvise putting it on a pole with some wire .
 The suction cups on this are WAY TOO SMALL for the HEAVY GLASS . I just bought this and HATE IT because of this . I ca n't mount it to the glass without it sliding . it 's totally ridiculous . NOT WORTH IT . I had to put it on the ground because I ca n't get the suction cups to stick long enough without the whole thing sliding . AVOID AVOID AVOID !!!
 I received this product today , and because of the frame work that is around the suction cups , it is virtually impossible to press this on any window or french door . What were they thinking ? Poor product . I will go out shopping tomorrow , and purchase something else . A total waste of money !
 I owned my feeder for about one month and in that time it 's fallen from my window three times , the last time it shattered into many shards of glass . The suction cups are not strong enough to reliably support a full glass of sugar water . Big design flaw , do not buy this product .
 This is a very poor product . The glass bottle with liquid is much too heavy for the small suction cups provided . There was no way that I could keep them on the window . They slide down as soon as I put them up -LSB- . When I finally got one up , by the time I got back in the house it had fallen to the ground .
 I really did not realize how heavy this feeder was until it arrived . No matter what I do to clean the glass surface and the suction cups , the feeder falls off of the window . It is just too heavy or the cups do not provide enough suction to hold it . Every time it falls , the glass chips off the bottom .
 Please beware . The two suction cups are attached to a plastic housing that has a major design flaw . There is a plastic lip that prevents the suction cups from getting close enough to the window glass for full suction . I had to take my dremel tool and cut off the plastic lip -LRB- about 75 % around each suction cup -RRB- before this would attach to the window . Be prepared to do the same to get this to stick to the glass .
 I have owned multiple window hummingbird feeders and this one is by far the worst . It is extremely difficult to remove the feeder in order to refill it . I have actually already ordered a different one and plan to throw this one away .
 Despite the bad reviews , I weighed the positive ones and decided to give this a try . I purchased it for a friend . It is too heavy and it crashed to the ground and killed a hummingbird . I would not recommend this product !
 What you ca n't see from the pictures is the VERY narrow opening to the bottle making this very difficult to clean . Not recommended .
 This feeder lasted 1/2 hour before the suction cups gave way and the feeder fell to the ground and broke . We have multiple window mounted feeders -LRB- suet and seed -RRB- which weigh more than this one , and affixed the suction cups correctly . $ 20 lesson learned - do not buy products from Garden Jewels .
 Mounted feeder on my window according to directions.Had my doubts since the suction cups seemed too smallfor the weight of the feeder.Turns out I was right . Within an hour the feeder camecrashing down . Glass all over the place.Just inappropriately built .
 After I had spent way too much time putting the Garden Jewel feeder up , a dove hit it and knocked it down , where it broke when it hit the brick at the bottom of the window . As there is always a possibility of a large bird hitting a feeder , I would not recommend the glass feeder . I 've had a plastic window feeder for years . It 's a bit beaten up , but it is still functioning after several years . The glass feeder did n't last a week .
 glass is to heavy for size of suction cup . slips down on window . have tried small amt oil on suction cups , still slips .
 I received this otherwise fine unit without the needed suction cups to apply to a window . I contacted the company and they responded , but then , nothing . The feeder is unusable and worthless.I recommend buying nothing from this distributor .
 I was so looking forward to this and as the suction cups let go and I watched this glass fall to the slate patio all I could think of was - I hope I can get all the sherds of glass . Thank goodness it did not break.Very disapointed in the product . If they used palstic not glass this may hve worked .
 I 've had this item about 1 month . The feeder is very sturdy & the humming birds come right to it . The big problem is the suction cups . There is a plastic piece that surrounds the suction cups , so it is impossible for the suction cups to be flat against the window . This causes the feeder to constantly slide off the window , especially when it rains . If I could get ride of that plastic piece , it would be perfect .
 I have had window feeders for years and have enjoyed them very much . I have to say I read the directions many times and tried many ways for this feeder to work and ca n't make it work . Complete waste of money and time trying to get it to work .
 I did n't care for it.The glass made it to heavy it lasted about one hour.Then fell and broke.Wouldn ' t waste my money again .
 This hummingbird feeder looked like a good idea until I filled it -LRB- following the direction -RRB- and put it up on the window and it fell off 15 seconds later and the glass busted .
 I ordered two , and between them I had one good working one . Additionally , the glass arrived broken on one of them -LRB- zero shipping damage -RRB- . It is not tempered glass like Amazon.com states . Mine also did n't look like Amazon.com 's pictures.Numerous design and quality problems include defective suction cups , the filler hole in the glass is about 3/8 '' -LRB- difficult to fill ; impossible to clean -RRB- , the red base has white stress/stretch marks . The bracket design is such that you ca n't press the suction cups onto the glass well without breaking the plastic.In summary , it is real ... . Do n't expect it to last , so buy two -LRB- one for spare parts -RRB- . On the positive side , however , it does n't leak -LRB- yet -RRB- , and the quality of the Perky Pet feeders that I have bought locally is just as bad . The Perky Pet feeders leak -LRB- attracting colonies of ants -RRB- , and they break after 6 months too .
 This hummingbird feeder was too heavy and the suctions did not stick . I did read and follow the instructions but it kept falling and eventually broke . I would not recommend this product .
 The Garden Song 455-3 Window Mounted 14 ounce Glass Hummingbird Feeder does NOT meet my expectations . It is TOO HEAVY and the suction cups DO NOT STICK.I had mine filled , placed on the window , as per specs , and it FELL OFF AFTER AFEW DAYS . NOT A GOOD BUY ... I bought TWO -LRB- 2 -RRB- of these -LRB- at Amazon.com -RRB- in the hope of replacing the Perky Pet feeders I have which are about 4 years old with a comparable feeder ... WRONG
 This is a good looking feeder unfortunate the container is glass and is heavy . I filled it stuck it on a window it seemed secure but when I closed the window it slid to the bottom pooped off and shattered on my deck . I would like to find another container and try again .
 Once you understand the directions , then you will know how to mount the suction cup part first to the window . I could n't understand how you separated the feeder from the mounted part with the suction-cups . When I started to try to pull them apart , I was afraid I was going to break the plastic part . I did get it and it does hold well on the window . The feeder comes off easily now . UPDATE
 This is advertised as a 6 volt adapter , however when I hooked it up to my baby swing it just hummed . I checked the adapter with my meter and it is putting out 11.8 volts . JUNK ! Amazon is awesome however and refunding me the money spent .
 Well I needed an adapter for an O2 Cool portable desk fan , I was told this was the correct item however two have burnt out . Upon further research I found the correct adapter however Amazon has not refunded this item .
 The tube containing the seeds is white . The birds refused to eat from it for 2 weeks so we returned it .
 i got this stuff for bedding with my baby boas and ended up with mites i havnt used it since
 There may be some place in the care of cats that these gloves are useful , but they certainly were ineffective in removing loose hair on my cats . The bumps are very small and really do n't do much of anything . I am able to remove more loose hair with my hand while petting a cat than I could get these gloves to do .
 These gloves do n't remove that much hair , and they are hard to clean . Do I regret the purchase ? No way ! This $ 1.99 got me to free shipping , so it was well worth it .
 The idea behind these gloves is great but they do n't grab the hairs and are too smooth to be more effective than a naked hand . These are great for cats that do n't like combs or brushes ... but the design has to be improved .
 I was n't expecting much of these when I ordered them -LRB- they were just a filler for an order -RRB- but they still managed to disappoint . They did n't really pick up any fur from my cats -LRB- one is short-haired and one is a Main Coon -RRB- , but what really got me is that I put them on my side table , and they melted into the finish . One glove was on the table and the other was on a book -LRB- also on the table -RRB- , and both the book and the table now have permanent little marks all over them where the dots were . They were not in a warm room or anything , so there is no excuse for why this happened . My side table will never be the same again , since it appears the gloves reacted with the finish or something -LRB- and I 've had this table for 7 + years , no problems ... -RRB-
 I bought this pair of gloves and another set similar to it that Amazon offered , both types turned out to be very disappointing . In fact , they are quite useless as far as I 'm concerned.I 'm not sure what they were designed to work on , but if you have a long-haired cat , save your money .
 I bought this as a way to pet my cats without them knowing they were being brushed . They get nervous when I actually brush them . These gloves are basically the same ones that come with spare tire kits on SUVs . They are made for grip , not grooming cats . My cats do n't mind being pet while I have the gloves on , but they do n't do anything for their fur . I can pet them for several minutes and the gloves have no old dry fur in them , and thats the reason I brush them . I would have given the gloves a one star , but they are actually good for opening tough jars .
 This was a total disappointment for me , the brush is a thousand times better .
 Absolutely worthless . Barely picked up any hair . And the gloves are too small for me , very difficult to get on .
 My cat hates when i use these gloves and it did n't work at all . Save your money and invest in different pair . I think it was the type of rubber they used which did n't collect any hair .
 These seem like a good idea . and they would be if the little rubber nubs were a bit sticky . my cats have really long hair so maybe it would work better on short hair
 It worked ok - it really did n't do what was advertised but it did calm my dogs down a little bit . I use it for when it storms - my dogs tend to freak out during storms . I will probably try something else - this is the second product I have tried and it did work better than the first one .
 I bought this product to help with my 18 month old Springer Spaniel . It has absolutely no effect on him .
 product did not work , no way to contact manufacturer to discuss it.dog was worse on product than before without product
 THIS TRASH DOES NOT WORK ON MY DOG @ ALL . BUYER BEWARE . . GAVE AS DIRECTED BUT DOES NOT WORK AS STATED
 I have a year old Schnauzer that is very hyper . I tried it several different times of the day and even doubled the recommended dosage and it did not work for my Schnauzer . So I still have a very hyper dog !
 My dog can not stand these . Sorry the taste can not even be hidden in her food . So have to say NOT on these . She has had others she tolerates . Also as far as they work once I got them down her was ok but I have had better ones for her and they are cheaper . .
 We have a young Golden Retriever who throws up w/in the first hour of a car trip -LRB- even if we do n't feed her beforehand -RRB- . We tried this product three times and it did nothing for her anxiety and the inevitable throw up -LRB- even with no meal in her tummy -RRB- . On the third try , we gave her one pill more than directed to see if this made any difference . It did not . In my opinion , this product is a waste of money and does n't even begin to calm our dogs travel anxiety . I 'm surprised that so many others had such good success .
 My Lhasa Apso has some terrier in her that makes her very hyper . I thought that this would help when she frustrates me . Well , this did n't actually calm her down , and it gave her terrible diarrhea and vomiting for 4 days . I will never buy again .
 Inclined to Scratch Ramp - Cat Scratcher my cat wo n't go near it even after I stored and rubbed it with catnip which he loves , perhaps it is because of the age of my cat he is now 9 years old and still prefers using my furniture as a scratching post .
 I really wanted this product to work . I am a professional groomer and just needed an extra `` hand '' to hold the dryer at times.This worked okay for a few times , but then the bolts started coming out that held the flexible part to the dryer and the clamp . No problem , just tighten them up.The clamp only wants to stay stable if the item you are clamping it too is quite thick . Otherwise , it tilts and turns and does n't hold it steady . Then there is the issue of the flexible tubing holding the dryer up ; it loses it 's holding power . I now have a droopy flexy thing that does n't hold the dryer aloft.In addition to that , it 's really noisy and is just a bad design overall.Again , I really think this was a great idea . I mean , I bought one . It just does n't hold up to usage .
 The arm provided will not support the dryer . The clip is very difficult to open and close . The dryer does not have much power and little to no heat . Pretty much worthless , very disappointing .
 I received the Metro Flex dryer last night . It wo n't even stay up ! The unit is too heavy for the flexible cable holding it ! The clamp takes two men and a baby to open ... I am returning this dryer ASAP !
 I was very disappointed in this dryer . It lacks greatly in only blowing cool air . For the money , I would have expected more than one air setting . It 's heavy and cumbersome . I rarely use it any more and feel I wasted my money . I also bought a metro grooming case & had to send it back because it came apart after the second use . I 'm not impressed with Metro products & will not buy anything by Metro in the future .
 When I first started to use IAMS Savory Sauce , my dogs loved it . After a few weeks , they do n't seem to care too much for it anymore . They still get a little drizzle in their kibble every once in a while , and will eventually eat it when they are hungry , but they do n't consider it to be a treat anymore . I still buy it once in a blue moon when it is on sale because of it contains vitamins and its decently priced , and low calorie . One big negative I have noticed about it is that their face is getting dirty from it . They are white dogs and this product tends to cause increased tear and around-the-mouth stains . I used to buy all different flavors of IAMS Savory Sauce , buy my groomer told me the chicken flavor is best as the beef and pork based flavors can cause an even worse increase in face staining . VitaGravy is a similar product that contains more vitamins , so if your must have some sort of gravy , I recommend VitaGravy a bit more . Or you can also just mix in some warm water with your dog food and let it sit for a bit before you feed it to your dog . This creates a `` gravy '' like texture and aroma that most dogs love . Not the greatest idea if your dog has dental issues , but a great free solution for picky eaters .
 This litter pan says it is a jumbo size , but it is far from it . The bottom is the same size of a traditional litter pan . The only jumbo to it , is that it is taller . I am not happy with it . I mean , it is great for a single cat , but not multiple ones . I wanted a litter pan that had alot of room for moving around , not just taller .
 The photo shows a full litter pan + top . I received only the litter pan .
 When I first started to use IAMS Savory Sauce , my dogs loved it . After a few weeks , they do n't seem to care too much for it anymore . They still get a little drizzle in their kibble every once in a while , and will eventually eat it when they are hungry , but they do n't consider it to be a treat anymore . I still buy it once in a blue moon when it is on sale because of it contains vitamins and its decently priced , and low calorie . One big negative I have noticed about it is that their face is getting dirty from it . They are white dogs and this product tends to cause increased tear and around-the-mouth stains . I used to buy all different flavors of IAMS Savory Sauce , buy my groomer told me that this flavor , the chicken flavor is best as the beef and pork based flavors can cause an even worse increase in face staining . VitaGravy is a similar product that contains more vitamins , so if your must have some sort of gravy , I recommend VitaGravy a bit more . Or you can also just mix in some warm water with your dog food and let it sit for a bit before you feed it to your dog . This creates a `` gravy '' like texture and aroma that most dogs love . Not the greatest idea if your dog has dental issues , but a great free solution for picky eaters .
 I received this product a few days ago and started giving it to my cat . My cat will not touch the stuff !!!! So , I can not tell you if the product works or not . I will keep trying to get my cat to eat the supplement and if she does , I 'll write another review.Okay , I 'm back a few weeks later and my cat has started eating this product . I have n't seen a difference as of yet , but I will come back to write another review when I see results . My cat has lost it 's hair on one of her ears so , I will see if the product will help grow her hair back .
 well ... i had to give this two stars for a couple of reasons . I bought it to add to my cat 's food -LRB- six cats -RRB- . Bottom line , none of them really like it ... i mix it up with a can of soft cat food and put it in to bowls . In a double-blind situation -LRB- some get it some do n't , who does and does n't varies by day -RRB- , NONE of them really like it . Some will take a few licks of the mixture but most will simply sniff and walk away . I Know it is this because without it , they readily eat the food.Major issue is that it DOES N'T mix well . I have tried all sorts of methods , including putting the stuff though a Ninja multi-blade processor to make it finer . there is what looks like little black pepper bits , that always end up left behind , even for those that will eat it from time to time . I have gone though about half of it now , disguised it in wet food and blended it - same result ... ends up at the bottom of the mix . I 'm sure they get some of it , but seems i throw out about half of it . So , be warned , dogs and horses will probably not have an issue with it , but cats are picky eaters and you ' r rolling the dice as to if they will eat it ... i suspect , no matter what , they will leave most of it unless they are starving i 'm going to throw the rest out.Second , I have n't seen ANY change in any of the animals -LRB- six weeks now -RRB- ... just fyi.Now , the MAIN reason i gave it two stars was because I tried to contact them twice with a question and NEVER got an answer . for that reason alone I will never purchase their products again .
 After having a tough time with my dogs allergies , I decided to give this product a try . I have n't . Noticed any changes . In my dogs skin or coat . Also it is almost impoossible to get her to eat it . Really hummed by this product .
 I have a pug with chronic skin problems and I was really hoping that this would be the `` wonder '' product . He still has skin problems . I think his coat might be a little bit better but he still has lots of flakes and itchy skin .
 One of my dogs has allergy/pollen issues every year for about 2 months ... Gave this to both my dogs for 5 weeks twice a day in food and did not help to promote healthy skin , hair . . Did not grow hair . My one dog is a bedlington terrier mix , is 12 yrs old and has never had skin / hair issues , but after taking this for 5 weeks I actually started seeing him itch , probably the 1st time in his life , I guess he could of had a reaction to something in it . Thought this would be a good vitamin supplement for them , but it was money wasted for me .
 I would give this product a `` minus 2 stars '' if that option was available . Priced a bit high , but used as directed would last a long time , if you could use it . My older dog did not like the taste . My younger dog did n't seem to mind . Both dogs had diarrhea after using this on their food as directed . I even reduced the dose by half and still their poops were loose . I shared some of this product with a friend . Her large dog had loose stools after eating it as directed . Ca n't say what it does for the skin and coat , but works well as a laxative . -LRB- I do recommend PetNaturals ' `` Skin & Coat ; '' chews . My dogs like the taste , and I did see improvement in a couple of weeks . -RRB-
 Years ago I had my dog at a dog show where multiple vendors sold their products . I had just bought a sea kelp supplement from another vendor and then when I met Sissy Harrington-McGill from Solid Gold she saw me product and said `` that is from the North Sea and everyone knows that after Chernobyl all products from the North Sea are radio-active and you will kill your dog if you give him that . Unbelievable that someone would blatantly bash a competitor like that . The jet stream goes around the World clockwise or West to East and that area is pretty is North East of the accident . There may be radiation there from the accident and it would be fine if she said you should do some research about the accident and possible radiation contamination as oppose to saying if I give him this stuff he will die ! FYI I did give him that stuff and for an Akita Husky male - he lived to about 12 which was pretty damn good for a big dog .
 Got this for my dog who has lymphoma and is undergoing chemo . My dog 's been eating grass and sometimes dirt and other dog 's poop , so I thought she was lacking a nutrient . I was going to just buy a multivitamin tablet but this was cheap with good reviews so I thought it would help.Its made of ground up seaweed with flaxseed meal and some dried pineapple flakes sprinkled in.My dog still eats grass after having been taking this supplement for 1 month.This supplement also makes me concerned about my dog 's teeth . I think the pineapple flakes are acidic and make it easier for tartar to buildup on her teeth . Also the flakes become mushy when you mix it with warm water , as per the instructions . So when she eats it , theres this green flakey mush stuck inbetween my dog 's teeth that 's hard to clean out.So I dont like this product . I dont really see any effect , and it makes me worried about my dog 's dental health . I 'll stick to multivitamin tablets for my dog .
 Did not live up to what it was supposed to do . I wanted a kelp suppelment only seaweed meal . Did not even notice a difference .
 When I first started to use IAMS Savory Sauce , my dogs loved it . After a few weeks , they do n't seem to care too much for it anymore . They still get a little drizzle in their kibble every once in a while , and will eventually eat it when they are hungry , but they do n't consider it to be a treat anymore . I still buy it once in a blue moon when it is on sale because of it contains vitamins and its decently priced , and low calorie . One big negative I have noticed about it is that their face is getting dirty from it . They are white dogs and this product tends to cause increased tear and around-the-mouth stains . I used to buy all different flavors of IAMS Savory Sauce , buy my groomer told me the chicken flavor is best as the beef and pork based flavors can cause an even worse increase in face staining . VitaGravy is a similar product that contains more vitamins , so if your must have some sort of gravy , I recommend VitaGravy a bit more . Or you can also just mix in some warm water with your dog food and let it sit for a bit before you feed it to your dog . This creates a `` gravy '' like texture and aroma that most dogs love . Not the greatest idea if your dog has dental issues , but a great free solution for picky eaters .
 I thought I was paying for 2 bottles or perhaps 3 ! Much too expensive for just 1 bottle . I should have paid closer attention .
 I use to swear by this litter and now i would n't recommend it to my grandma . They must have changed the litter , the litter does not clump . The urine breaks apart before you even remove it from the litter box . I would recommend picking another brand .
 I have never had a more disappointing experience with any consumer product than with Tidy Cats Scoop Long Lasting Odor Control Forumla 27 lbs.It was cheap , I was in a hurry , and I figured , `` It comes in a pretty yellow bucket ! Anyway , how can you mess up cat litter , really ? It 's a bucket of dirt for the cat to defecate on ... '' I could n't have been more wrong.I changed my cat 's litterbox right before leaving town . The litter was a bit dusty , and has these weird blue crystals , but whatever ... it was cheap . A friend was house-sitting for me , and taking care of the cat . I feel so bad for subjecting her to this awful stuff for a week.As it turns out , this litter is porta-potty scented . If you enjoy the delightful aroma of a Sani-Hut , please , buy two . If you have a normal person 's nose and think that stuff is disgusting , stay far , far away . I will admit , I never once smelled cat urine while I was using Tidy Cats Scoop Long Lasting Odor Control Formula 27lbs . That 's because the cat pee `` activated '' those nasty blue crystals , which seem to be made of the same blue stuff they put in a chemical toilet . The smell was overpowering . It 's possible the litterbox smelled like pee too , but I could n't even be in the same room with it . After just one day , with only one cat , the entire floor of my house smelled nasty . The strong chemical odor was worse than any cat pee . I could n't sleep . My housemates were annoyed . My nice house-sitting friend was mad at me.On top of all that , it did n't clump as well as any other litter I 've used , even the cheapo generic stuff in the paper bag . It just fell right through the scoop.Tell me , Tidy Cats , how can you take something so simple and mess it up so badly ? This goes far beyond mediocrity . It 's as if you set out to manufacture the worst cat litter possible.Yesterday was trash day . I threw out the half-used bucket of Tidy Cats Scoop Long Lasting Odor Control Forumla 27lbs and bought some Arm & Hammer . I never thought I 'd throw away unused cat litter , but this stuff is despicable .
 I grew disenchanted with Tidy Cat after 4 years of use . The clumps fell apart leaving lots of urine soaked gravely bits that were too small to scoop . I 'm a daily scooper and my cat 's box smelled horribly after only a few days of putting all fresh litter in . I tried Scoop Away Unscented and am in love with it . It clumps tightly and absorbs all of the odors even though it 's unscented . My cat had no trouble adjusting to it , and she 's really finicky about her litter . I highly recommend Scoop Away Unscented vs Tidy Cat !
 I gave this one star only because it is unusable in my case . My bobtail cat was highly sensitive to something in this litter and basically just laid around licking her belly all day . The belly fur came off and she just seemed lethargic and miserable to boot . I was about to take her to the vet and thought I 'd give litter switch a try as I 'd read elsewhere that this litter has affected other cat 's in a similar way . Switched to Arm and Hammer and within HOURS not days , the licking stopped . Her hair grew back in a couple of weeks and she started behaving like a happy , little furball again .
 `` Tidy Cats '' has the worst smell I have ever smelled in the whole history of smells . It 's a powerful , pervasive , chemical odor . I ca n't even imagine what chemical it is , but a previous reviewer is correct
 I do n't know what Tidy Cats has done to their formula but it was not a wise move . As stated by an earlier reviewer , the old formula would turn into nice balls and was a finer grain . My cats loved the stuff as did I . The new formulation makes giant clumps that now stick to the floor of the litter box and are almost impossible to properly clean out . You have to scrape , scrape , and scrape some more just to get the muddy residue off the bottom of the box and then you 've got all these fine scrapings of urine that wo n't / ca n't be picked up by the scooper within the leftover litter.It used to be the blue and red caps were different but now they are pretty much the same . Tidy Cats has turned into Scoop Away.Now the new search begins . Purina ... take the hint . Bring back the old formula .
 Bought this by mistake . I like fresh step multi cat-no smell , great clumps . The Tidy cats instant action had my whole apartment stinking like crazy . And there were barely any clumps-just a wet mud and grainy mixture . I bought this in the past and hated it then . I hope to never confuse my brands again . I was afraid the landlord would come by and kick my out . It smelled like the cats had peed everywhere .
 I have been using this for less than a week , and I am going to dump what 's left . The litter itself smells weird , and after my cat goes , it does nothing to cover up the smell . She might as well have gone on the floor . I picked this litter because of the price , and I guess you get what you pay for .
 I have to keep one litter box in a spare bedroom due to one cat being picked on by another . I LOVED Fresh Step , but I noticed in that room there was a recurring film of dust all over everything that smelled like the litter . I decided to try Tidy Cats to see if I had the same issue.There was less dust , but stuff does NOT clump well at all!It was all but impossible to scoop out the `` clumps '' without it breaking and falling into the clean litter . Who is giving this 4 stars is beyond me.BTW-I tried their `` Small Spaces '' brand . It does the same thing.I 'm amazed anyone buys this.I 'm now using `` Scoop Away '' , and it scoops very well , but the dust is back.Sigh .
 I had gone with this brand because after trying several others , it was the only one my cat would use . It worked fairly well for a while . The clumping action was decent , and it was not the most expensive litter out there . So both the feline and me were content . More recently though , I 've noticed the clumping is not as good as it used to be . It tends to break up very easily , and sticks to the sides and floor of the box which is pretty disgusting . If you do n't get the scooping action exactly right , the clump tends to to break up into smaller pieces , making scooping a nightmare.I 'm disappointed with what this product has become , and have the unenviable task of finding another brand that can control odors , not track too much , and clump !
 This litter does not clump . When I scoop out the urine clumps , the entire clump falls apart . My cat 's litter box ends up dirty the first day I change his litter . Also , odor control is worthless since urine clumps fall apart . After a few days the litter box stinks . I will move on to another brand .
 I am quite disappointed . This litter is `` perfumed '' with a nasty chemical smell that stinks up the entire house . The stench is obviously most concentrated inside the litter box where the poor cats have to endure it -LRB- I am surprised they do n't pass out from this crap -RRB- . I had to spread this stuff out in a thin layer on a piece of cardboard and let it sit outside for about 9 hours just to get some of the chemical `` scent '' to diminish . I doubt this litter actually `` controls '' odor ; instead , I think it just masks odors with its noxious chemical scent.It is sad how our culture has been duped into believing that the simulacrum an offensive odd chemical smell equates to a `` fresh '' scent.Also , the urine clumps are completely mushy . On the first day , I noticed my cat limping , apparently trying to get something off its paw . I found that the wet clumps stick aggressively to the bottoms of my cat 's paws which I have to clean off by hand .
 I 'm not sure what product the happy reviewers were using , but I tried this Tidy Step litter and I will NEVER buy it again ! Not only does it not `` instantly '' neutralize odor , but it does n't neutralize it at all ! Even after completely changing out and cleaning the litter box , I re-filled it with -LRB- thankfully ! -RRB- the last of this tub of litter , and a short time later walked by and noticed it stinking badly . I checked to see if the cat had failed to cover , but nope , he 'd done a perfect job , it 's just that the smell still gets through this litter!The even bigger issue for me is that is does n't clump around urine at ALL ! What is the point of buying litter then , I might as well go to the home improvement store and buy bags of cheap-o sandbox sand , if I wanted something that does n't neutralize odors and does n't clump ! My kitty and I will be a Fresh Step household once again !
 We have been using Tidy Cat clumpable litter for 9 years - it was great - no problems scooping out the clumps - they were solid.For the past 6 or seven months , this has not been the case - it clumps , but into mud balls . It is near impossible to scoop a clump in one try , let alone two or three . The stuff turns to mud now , where it used to be scoopable balls . It also adheres to the liter box and is really difficult to scrape the `` mud '' off , to the point of the scoop bending in half.I am one of those product loyal consumers , but I do n't know what they did to their formula and I can not buy this stuff anymore . It almost seems like the granules of litter are smaller than they used to be and that 's why it turns into mud . If they made a change for cost savings , I have to do the same and find another brand that works where I can get my money 's worth.Bye Tidy Cat .
 I have used Tidy cat for years . Over the past few months it just has n't been clumping at all . It makes the urine a sludgy mass that sticks to the litter box . It 's nearly impossible to scrape off of the box and I am tired of having to work so hard to clean it up.Between the clumping issues and the ridiculous amount of packaging , I am done with this brand .
 With four cats under 4 years old , I 'm something of a litter expert . For the first couple of years , we had a lot of success with Tidy Cats but I believe they 've changed the formula.Tidy Cats used to clump nicely and was easy to remove . Now , however , it sticks to the bottom of the box , as well as our cats ' feet . Box scrubbing time is a nightmare , and I 've taken to using an old butter knife to extricate the cement-like goo from the bottom of the boxes -LRB- we have eight boxes , by the way -RRB- . Although our cats all use the boxes , they no longer cover their urine . I happened to see one of the more fastidious cats in the box as she was doing her thing . When she was done , instead of covering it as she had previously done , she bolted out the box and ran as if she 'd heard a loud noise . I 'm guessing the texture is not to her liking.Tidy Cats used to do a nice job controlling odor , but , again , that 's no longer the case either . About the only nice feature is the container . Needless to say , we 're hunting for a replacement litter .
 This used to be a good product . In the last year , something has changed with the way it clumps ... it does n't anymore . I am switching to a different brand .
 Years ago i had a cat and this stuff worked great ! Recently i got another cat and decided to try tidy cats again . While it does cover up the smell , it does not clump well at all . And it sticks to the box and turns into clay . Its horrible to try and clean up after . I switched to arm and hammer and that is working great . I 'll never use tidy cats ever again !
 This stuff used to be great , the best value for clumping litter on the market , especially if you bought it in the huge tubs . But in the last few months it seems like they 've changed the formula and it does n't clump anymore ! The clumps fall apart if you touch them with the scoop . There 's no point to buying clumping litter that does n't clump . BAD MOVE , Tidy Cat !
 There is way too much in this tub to use in the amount of time as the recommended dose for a toy breed does not use the product up in time before it starts to turn .
 The grooves are thin and not deep which limits what can be put in them and how long anything will stay in them . My puppy does chew on this toy , but I rarely take time to try to fill it with anything .
 I two Scottish Terrier puppies who chewed their respective Kong teething sticks apart within a week . They were able to break off chunks of rubber which I had to pry out of their mouths.I loved the old Kong balls -- they had 4 holes to insert treats . The one I had lasted 9 years -- My beloved Scottie , Miss Vivian chewed on it at least twice each day for all that time . I still have it in her memory box . The new Kongs are junk at best .
 We have had our Dachshund puppy for two weeks now and this particular toy is her least favorite thus far . She has over twelve toys and the only time she has played with it is when I put kibble inside and she did n't play too long . We are curious if she will like it more when she is in full teething mode ! No reason to dislike it . It 's the perfect size for her and is attractive and made well . I think it 's just this dogs choice .
 Do n't get fooled by the good reviews , this toy is completely useless and uninteresting for any dog ... several toys with same concept ... ONE BIG SCAM !!
 My new rescue pup has zero interest in this , no matter what I put in ... kong treats , peanut butter , cheese . Not a good buy for us .
 Of all their products I 've purchased , this one was the worst ... my puppy had it mutilated in an hour ... what a huge disappointment to both of us !
 We still can not control one of our dog 's pulling on walks . This harness has made no difference at all .
 I had a Metro Case , that I dropped at some height this weekend , and it broke , my bad . I ordered this one while at the show . It arrived today , and it will be going back tomorrow , The whole front does not fit together snuggly . The reinforcing bits at the corners are all off . Its nothing like my original Airforce case in quality . The picture is also deceptive . It has peg style feet . I show small dogs and at times shove my case into a crate . The feet will make this impossible .
 I have been giving this stuff to my 3 year old Collie for about a month now . I have not seen any improvement in him and give him this stuff with the S. O. D & Boswellia . I was hoping it was going to be a miracle cure for him , but so far , I really do n't see any difference in his stiffness . I have a big bottle of it so I will continue to give it to him until the pills are gone in hopes of it helping him the longer he is on it .
 Should had read the other reviews before ordering.Upon opening my package I found a filter cartridge set that did not even remotely resemble what I ordered or the ones in the picture . Instead I received `` Carbon/floss filter cartridges '' which are tube like and small . How does someone mix that up ? I could have just picked up the filters at the store but now I need to repackage the item , go to the post office , and then to the store anyway -LRB- not going to order these here again -RRB- . Bad service .
 I tried to order this items twice and was sent Smallworld Carbon/Floss Filter Cartridges instead . I finally gave up and purchased the product at Petco .
 I ordered this product from two different places on amazon for my filter and both gave me the wrong filter . I wanted as the picture and description describe #SWF 1C which is the rectangular cartridges . What I received instead from two different sellers on here on two different orders is #SWF 2C which are two very small almost top shaped filters which do not fit any pump I have and are not what I ordered . So buyer beware if you are looking for the right filter make sure you contact the seller somehow first to make sure its the right one.EDIT
 item is not as pictured it is swf2c cartridge which is much shorter.picture is a swf1 which is what i needed
 Simple enough , I was looking for a good sponge filter and decided to splurge on one of these rather than just making my own . Poor choice , it turns out , because I ended up switching back to my small whisper filter . Shame , I really liked the design , it just does n't do enough mechanical filtration .
 This item is shipped with no antenna and no lanyard or belt clip -LRB- or charger -RRB- . Pretty useless if you are replacing a lost transmitter as I am .
 I PURCHASED THIS BECAUSE I LOST MY TRANSMITTER . THIS REPLACEMENT HAS NO ANTENNA OR BELT CLIP ! THEY DO N'T TELL YOU THAT IN THE AD , BEWARE .
 These are one of the worse training pads I have ever used . The stuffing comes out if you shake the pad to hard . Some do not even have enough stuffing in the pad . Would not recommend them .
 I 've tried 7 different kinds of training pads , and I can honestly say , these are the worst . They say extra thick , but these are no thicker then the other brands I have bought , and super-absorbent is a joke , this company should be made to take that off of the bag . I have a 4 pound little yorkie , and hours later after using this pad , it 's still wet to the touch , very little is absorb , and because she does n't like walking on a wet pad , when she uses it for the second time , must times , she 's so close to the edge , that it ends up on the floor , truefully , I 'm surprise she use them at all . Normally when I buy a training pad I do n't like , I just stick it out and deal with them until their gone and then buy a different kind , not this time , I ordered Simple Solution from amazon -LRB- the best I 've ever tried , but a little pricely -RRB- and the minute they arrive , in to the trash these will go , please do n't waste your money , if I had all the money , I 've wasted on all these cheap pads , I could have ordered 2 of the Simple Solution instead of 1 . Sometimes you really do get what you pay for .
 These pads are thin and minimally absorbent . `` Extra thick '' is absolutely not an attribute of this product .
 I purchased this product due to the price . But , I guess you get what you pay for . It takes what seems like FOREVER to separate the pads from its folded position . When it 's finally separated , the plastic ends stick together causing the cotton underneath to come loose . What a mess the pads make - even before the dog makes a mess .
 I originally purchased these in December 2006 for about 9.99 per package ... that was a great buy and I am sure that everyone involved made money -LRB- the Out ! people and Amazon -RRB- . Now you can see the price has almost doubled in only 7 months . I 'll just buy these locally ... though I do keep checking to see if the price is going to be dropped to a more reasonable level . Very frustrating .
 I love this product and was getting ready to order again but Amazon raised the price by $ 5 . It will be cheaper to just buy them from Walmart.I will check periodically and if Amazon drops the price to the original $ 12.99 , I will order again .
 These pads are not thick , you can see through areas and when my labrador retriever uses them is soaks through to my floor .
 These were supposed to be extra thick ?? They leaked all over my floor with just one pee.I have a 6LB puppy and would not reccommend these to anyone .
 Product does not fit description . I expected thicker pads than regular ones as they were called `` Deluxe '' pads . My lab mix puppy likes to tear them up . Sometimes she uses it but sometimes not . They do not absorb well and leaks through the back . Does not deodorize to prevent odors . Price is nice but product is what you pay for .
 I would recommend using your local Wal-Mart ! These same potty pads are $ 6.97 for 32 pads !
 It does what it says , but not as well.Pros
 You 'd be better off not using anything at all.We tried the OUT ! Deluxe Training Pads , and there is nothing deluxe about them . In fact , they did n't even work . The material is awful - the puppies ' nails were getting snagged in it and dragging the pads around . They also DID NOT soak up the pee . It pooled on the pad , and the puppies tracked it all over the floor . And when it finally did soak in , it soaked ALL THE WAY THROUGH ! So when I picked up the pad , I had to clean the floor underneath . I could have cut out the middle man and saved some money.TheHartz Training Academy Training Pads - 50 Countare far superior , and I 'd highly recommend them instead.We threw OUT ! out .
 I 've used a lot of different types of potty pad and these are by far the worst . I should n't be suprised as they were so cheap . They claim to be leak proof -- NOT TRUE ! I might as well let my puppy just wet on the floor . They do not distribute evenly and make a huge mess . DO NOT BUY THESE !!!
 This is the first time I bought this particular potty pad for my two little dogs.They are very disappointing especially compared toIris 301571 Neat 'n Dry Dog-Training Pads , 17-1/2 by 23-1/2 inches , 50 CountThe filler is not very thick and separates into clumps within the pad before used by the dogs.They may be less expensive per pad but the old adage `` You get what you pay for '' is once againproven to be true .
 WHY DO N'T THEY SAY HOW MANY ARE IN THE PACKAGE ? . CA N'T even begin to compare price without knowing what you get , right ?
 I ordered 4 packages of 12 count OUT ! King Sized Multi-Dog Training Pads and that is NOT what I received !!! I received an inferiour product that is not as big , thick , or absorbent as what I ordered . What I ordered is Leak Proof what I received leaks like my dog used a paper towel . What I received is 4 packages of 12 count OUT ! Deluxe OVERSIZED Training Pads this is NOT WHAT I ORDERED !! If what I ordered was n't available then I should have gotten an email or phone call asking if I wanted to receive a substition or cancel my order . Neither happened so now I have 4 packages of inferior product . THANKS ... NOT !
 They work great ; very absorbent . And cheaper than the ones I 've bought in the past . I have a strictly indoor dog , and these take care of problems nicely .
 I have tried several Puppy Pads and OUT ! is out in my book . It does not absorb and I am having to wash my indoor dog 's paws almost every time she uses the bathroom . The urine spreads across instead of being absorbed in the spot she uses . She makes little urine paw tracks across the pad . The last two packs I have tried , the cotton is so thin that in spots there is no cotton . Nothing has compared to Blue Ribbon Puppy Pads thus far . I hope that WalMart and other stores will bring back Blue Ribbon .
 I HAVE BEEN PURCHASING THIS ITEM FROM AMAZON FOR AWHILE NOW , BUT LATELY I HAVE NOTICED THAT THE QUALITY EACH TIME I PURCHASE THESE TRAINING PADS HAS BECOME THINNER AND HOLDS LESS DOGGIE WETNESS . I HAVE TO CHANGE IT MUCH MORE OFTEN , SO I WISH TO CHANGE A FEEDBACK I LEFT ONCE BEFORE ABOUT HOW GREAT THIS PRODUCT IS FOR THE PRICE . I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED IN THIS PRODUCT BECAUSE IT JUST DOES N'T DO WHAT IT USED TO DO . AND NOW I WO N'T PURCHASE IT AGAIN BECAUSE THE QUALITY OF THIS PRODUCT NO LONGER WARRANTS SUCH A HIGH PRICE FOR ONLY 16 PADS .5 / 2/11 WHILE I DO LIKE THESE , THEY SEEM TO HAVE BEEN SKIMPIER AS THE TIME HAS PASSED SINCE MY FIRST REVIEW . I FIND THE `` TOP PAW '' PADS SOLD AT PETSMART MUCH BETTER BOTH IN PRICE AND IN DURABILITY ; THEY ARE MADE MUCH BETTER -- QUILTED AND STEADY WITH STICKIES ON ALL 4 CORNERS THAT YOU HAVE A CHOICE OF USING TO ANCHOR THE PAD DOWN . STICKINESS REMOVES INSTANTLY WHEN YOU REMOVE THE PAD .
 Do not buy this product . It arrived and I put it to use immediately . When I went to move the placemat a few days later it `` stuck '' to a section of my hardwood floor ! Needless to say , a piece of it remained stuck to the floor . It 's a cheap placemat and not worth the money .
 The quality of these mats is like flimsy foamy cardboard . I tried to peel the stickers off the back and it ripped the mat . The mat quality is ... 1 star . The price for these mats are not worth the quality of the product . It arrived smelling like chemical . I have n't used it yet as it is outside trying to get rid of the chemical smell . It 's way way over priced also .
 The product was pictured as being green , but the mats that arrived to my home were pumpkin orange colored -LRB- no joke -RRB- . Also , chunks of foam were ripped from the back of each mat , likely due to the sticky product tags reference by another reviewer . Over-all a cheap product and not worth the time or money . Disappointed , I returned the items the date they arrived .
 The product is exactly as described but I found that I preferred a small loop & hook carpet mat that I could also throw into the wash machine . I found that the carpet absorbed the water and made it easier for my older dog to stand .
 These pads are ultra-thin and if you have a dog larger than 10 pounds , I would not suggest these pads . The liquid spreads out and the dog 's paws get all wet . Yuck .
 I had no clue what a `` double thick '' colar was . It was just quite literally twice as thick . I 'm not sure why you want that , but it did n't bother me . What did bother me is that in the picture it has a lovely blue sheen . When I got it it was just lavender . I was disappointed and ended up returning it .
 This product is totally useless . Do n't waste your money or time . Our dog did n't even seem to notice . I threw it away . Try it if you want -- but , do n't expect results .
 I bought this to help our 4-month-old Shiba Inu . She did n't care the least about it . I 'm using the `` money back guarantee '' .
 I have used Out ! Odor & Stain remover in the past , which works great ! Shame on me for not reading the reviews on the Housebreaking Aid before I bought it . Both reviews before mine are correct , so my review just echos theirs . Do n't buy !!!
 I am disappointed in myself as I write this review . I have been giving my dog mellow mutts regularly and they had worked very well for him . I had purchased them at a posh pet store that claims to sell only organic pet foods and top quality supplies for pets . Part of their claim is that none of there products is from China , as they made certain to pull out any ` oversights ' at the time when there was a great deal of publicity about harm that had come to animals because of poor quality products coming from China.I am sorry to say that I relied on the store 's representation , and assumed these were not from China . I am wrong
 I have loved using these treats with my dogs but unfortunately the chicken used is from China . The FDA has now issued an article in regard to food complaints and dog illnesses related to chicken jerky treats specifically if the meat used is from China . Dogswell needs to up the quality of chicken used . Until then , what once was a favorite treat will be a big PASS for me and my dog .
 The description says nothing about it but this stomper is a mini and the ball is about half the size of a tennis ball . So it wo n't hold regular tennis balls , so any replacements have to be bought at a pet store . My dog is too big for the mini balls so it was money wasted . It works ok I guess as far as shooting the ball but she was more interested in the stomper than the ball .
 I bought this cage to put mice into after I caught them in my mobile home using a live mouse trap I also bought at the same time , and then I use this cage to tranfer the mice to some woods I own and release them there in the woods.But I found out that smaller mice would escape through spaces between wires in the cage , so I had to go the hardware store and buy some wire mesh that had smaller holes then the cage has , and then wired the wire mess all the way around the inside of the cage , so I do n't think even the smallest mice will escape now .
 Well I 've had the cage for a while and my ham loves to run.The only problem is that the wheel is starting to speak really loud . Now we have to take out the wheel so I get enough sleep for school.If your ham loves to run it might not be a good idea for you to get this cage .
 My pleco 's eat it , but only if they get to it in time ! It softens and breaks down too quickly , causing dirty gravel/filters . Tetra Plecowafers lasts much longer .
 I do n't know how well this product works as my dog refuses to eat any food it is mixed into . It smells bad and he thinks it is very unappetizing .
 4 out of 4 dogs would not eat ... Tried mixing with beneful , gravetrain , bits n kibble . . wasted money and Food . . have almost full gallon left ... thought about using for fertilizer for yard but am afraid may kill the grass .
 I have no idea if this product works . My dog hates it and would NOT eat it in any form !
 I do n't hate it - I just did n't order this . I did n't order this . why do I have to keep on typing ?
 Product needs to be fresh . This vendor -LSB- PetAg -RSB- supplied product that was 5 days from expiration . Our pet did not want it , a different response from the fresh product the vet had supplied a year earlier .
 We have a 70lb lab mix and were desperately looking for something that he couldnt destroy within minutes . We thought , given the size of this bone and the fact that it is advertised as a real cow bone that he would have a more difficult time . We quickly found that this bone had a soft spot which allowed him to get several larger pieces off of it . Within 5 minutes it was unusable as we found that both knuckle ends had the same kind of soft spot which allowed him to gnaw deeply into the bone . After ingesting a few pieces he had loose stools for the next 24 hours . The smell of the bone is also very repulsive . We definitely DO NOT recommend this bone under any circumstances .
 Mi gato no le hace caso en lo mas minimo , se lo apliqu&eacute; en su juguete y nada de nada , no se puso loco , ni corri&oacute; como decia el producto.No se si se deba a que mi gato tiene 8 a & ntilde ; os y ya no le interesa o que pasa , la verdad no entiendo.Ahora no se que hacer con el producto .
 Just go to WalMart and buy the SmartyKat - cheaper , faster and BETTER !! Ca n't believe we waited almost TWO WEEKS to get this junk - it is so IMpotent , both cats could n't care less for it !
 My cats seem to like the smell of this catnip . However , I usually crush catnip to release the scent before I give it to the cats . With this product , I have been getting sharp splinters from the woody part of the plant in my fingers . I have noticed the cats sometimes seem to also get jabbed . I wo n't buy this brand again .
 My cat recently freaked out over some catnip that came with a bed I bought him so I thought I 'd order some more . I could n't find the same brand but this `` Xtreme '' catnip sounded like it might do the trick . Not even close . My husband swears he saw our cat lift up his paw and yawn after smelling it . If your cat is like mine you 'll probably get a better reaction out of any other catnip out there .
 Did not ship well . Returned and had 3 more reshipped . Two out of three were once again opened and contents spilled all over . My cats do n't like it nearly as much as what I can pick up for less at WalMart . Was seriously disappointed .
 This is the first catnip I 've bought . It seemed the best bang for the buck at the time of purchase , especially considering the top rated brand was 1/3 the amount for the same price . I 've used it in toys , rubbed it between my fingers as the package directs , etc. ; yet our three month old kitten just does n't seem to care . She 'll `` usually '' come up and take a whiff when I open the bag or coax her to see what I 've got in my hand , but she quickly loses interest . And it never manages to put her into some euphoric state , much less even settle her down , when she 's running around , going crazy , as growing , restless housecats do.The catnip smells mostly like ground tea leaves , to me . The only praise I can offer regards the volume that comes in the package compared to most other offerings on amazon , and that it comes in a resealable bag - not a `` ziplock '' bag like another reviewer indicated ; it 's clearly a professionally packaged product , but one with a ziplock style closure . And , as others have noted , the bag is 3oz NOT 3.5 as amazon 's title erroneously misadvertises . Even so , it 's still the best value on amazon , assuming it works as well as the other , more expensive , brands . Considering all but maybe the most expensive has received mixed reviews of effectiveness , and that the best rated/most expensive option appears to be charging more for a tin can , I 'm reluctant to invest more in a product that may only be effective for certain cats , if indeed it 's not another form of snake oil . Maybe I should have done my usual research beforehand.Update
 I bought this catnip because I could n't find the brand I wanted on Amazon . I opened it immediately but the cat wo n't go near it . I 've tried different ways to get her to interact to no avail . I would save your $ 5 and buy another brand . There is nothing spectacular about this product .
 Sellers image does not match item they shipped to us . We had purchased this exact catnip from a local Pet Smart in the large plastic cylinder container identical to the image displayed by the seller on Amazon . When we received our shipment - it came in a small plastic bag.This item is not as advertised - 1 . By the image 2 . By the weight
 Those who scoop kitty litter know what happens when the slots are too big - much of what needs to be removed falls right back into the kitty litter . The overall size of the scoop is very small . It might work with clumping kitty litter , but I do n't know because I do n't use clumping kitty litter . The only good thing I can state about this scoop is that the plastic is recyclable , so it did n't end up in a landfill when I threw it out . Waste of money .
 I have used other liquid additives in the past that have worked on my Yorkie 's terrible breath , but this one did n't do anything for him . I 've went through the entire bottle , and no results .
 Does not work well . My dog still has strong breath smell after using this product .
 I wish the ingredients had been listed before I bought this , because if I had known what was in it , I would never have purchased this product . It contains both EDTA and paraben . I do n't use any products containing these ingredients on my own skin -LRB- e.g. , face wash , body wash -RRB- and I certainly wo n't allow my dogs to consume/ingest anything that contains these ingredients . What a waste of my $ 8 .
 This product may freshen your dog 's breath slightly , but dogs get bad breath for the same reason humans do - bacteria build up in the mouth.My dog has truly awful teeth , which are covered with plaque within minutes of a cleaning . I bought this product in hopes that it would help keep his teeth clean . I have used it faithfully every day for several months , and I can say with some confidence that it makes no difference . If you really want your dog to have healthy , clean teeth , you will have to suck it up and brush them . CET makes excellent products for pet dental care .
 I thought I 'd give this a try with my dog -LRB- Australian kelpie mix -RRB- even though she does n't have any current problems with plaque . The product has a gross smell to it that my dog did n't seem to like . I stuck with the product and used the whole bottle , but I noticed my dog did n't drink as much water and there was n't a noticeable difference with her teeth . We 'll just stick with lots of chewy toys and brushing .
 i used this daily and it did not work at all . I thought by the end of the bottle it would take effect and then buy more but still had the bad breath
 I gave her some in her bowl last night . I mixed a bottle of it so I could make sure I got the right measurements , and then I would pour it into her bowl . She did n't have any problems drinking it , but when I woke up this morning the poor thing had gone to the bathroom all over the place . Diarrhea every were ! I would watch your dog after giving it to them , some might just have sensitive tummies .
 I do n't really understand how this has happened to nobody else , b/c this gave my dog the most liquid , rank , explosive diarrhea she 's ever had . It literally caused her first ever in-the-house accident . I had given it to her for 2 water bowl refills , so not TOO long . I stopped giving it to her and returned it immediately - maybe she was allergic?Bottom line
 The liquid smelled good enough , but my cat did not want to drink it , no matter how dilute it was . I 'm sure it would have worked fine , as someone commented on the first day that his breath smelled a little minty , but once my cat got a taste , he was done . His water dish stayed full for days , and he started drinking dishwater .
 She drinks it but her teeth do not seem to benefit from it , I see no change in her teeth .
 the waterfall itself is nice , but the pump is terrible . worked for maybe a day then did n't work anymore . keeping the pump where you want it to be is also extremely aggravating . the suction cups that are mounted on the bottom of the pump itself do n't seem quite big enough to keep it stabilized in a proper position . I 'm not bashing exo terra in any way , i think their products are great , but i have n't had much luck with anything water related and exo terra . look around the web for reviews before you buy this . there 's a lot of complaints !
 We picked one of these up at a local pet store for our new chameleon . It worked really well for a few weeks , but was finicky when the water level was n't just right . After awhile , some slime started to develop in the water reservoir . A few days later , it barely worked . When we opened it up , everything was coated in slime and the pump would not operate at all . It also became a hiding place for crickets . We ended up taking it out , washing the thing completely and setting it up again , but could not get it to pump water . Overall , this was a poor product that might have listed a bit longer with daily maintenance , but we did not want to spend that much time operating it . Opt for something with a built in filter.Additionally , our chameleon got sick after a few weeks of coming home with us . The mold and growth in the water -LRB- as well as the mold from the water fall overflowing -RRB- may have been a big contributing factor -LRB- along with stress and a multitude of other environmental changes -RRB- . We 've had better luck misting the tank manually .
 This rock feature seems cool but it really sucks to clean ... the algea builds up really fast . I bought the fogger to go in it and it works great the first week and then stops putting out a lot of fog , I tryed soaking it in viniger like it suggested but doesnt work ether . My other problem with the fogger is that is heats the water up pretty damn hot and just heats up my tank to much . very poor product .
 I got the waterfall for my chinese water dragon . It worked great ! for 1 week . the back was leaking water and it floaded my terrarium . my water dragon almost drowned i replaced the substrate which cost 30 bucks , then it happened again ! so i replaced the substate again . another 30 dollars down the drain even when it did work , no water was in the collection bowl its to shallow . my dragon couldnt even get a drink of water . the store wouldnt evn let me return it . 50 dollars plus dirt , another 60 dollars down the drain this thing isnt worth 5 bucks it sucks
 The product was not near the quality of what your paying for . It sets slanted even without substrate under it and it causes the water to run down the backside of the fixture , poor design and poor quality . Very Disappointed !!!
 I wanted a waterfall for my two corn snakes . I looked online and kind of liked this one . I went out and bought it at PetSmart for $ 39.99 . I could n't wait till I got home so I set it up at work.Here is what I do n't like about it .1 . There are 3 pieces plus the pump . None of which fit together properly . The back piece is angled and falls off with any bump . And there are gaps everywhere .2 . The pump has 4 suction cups for feet but the inside of the waterfall is textured so they do n't stick .3 . The Water collection area does n't hold more that a tablespoon of water.Here is what I like about it.I bought it from PetSmart and I can return it.I will now try Zoo Meds waterfall which I think is all one piece . Hope it is better than this p.o.s.
 WE WERE SO EXCITED TO BUY THIS ITEM FOR OUR CHAMELEON AND WE KEEP PUTTING IT TOGETHER AND IT JUST DOESNT FIT WELL . NOTICED A CHUNK DIME SIZE PEICE WAS OFF OF THE WATERFALL . WE PUT THE WATER IN AND LEFT IT ON FOR AWHILE AND NOTICED OUR FLOOR WAS SOAKED ! HERE IN THE BACK OF THE FOUNTAIN HAS A BROKEN CRACK AND LEAKS ALL IN THE BACK OF IT ALL OVER THE FLOOR . WE HAD TO GO TO THE STORE AND PURCHASE A PASTE TO FIX IT .
 I bought this mainly as a means of insulating the metal tags on our dog 's collar from the electrodes on his electric collar when I put it on . I only put the electric collar on when he is in the yard . It worked for that but I have discontinued using it . Even on our 35 # dog it is is bulky and he repeatedly was able to get it in his mouth to start chewing it . If you must use something I think tape would be a better and much cheaper solution.Bought directly from seller . Experience was positive . At my request they made last minute color change , confirmed this by Email and still shipped the same day . Shipping was free , unlike Amazon .
 all under the tank heaters become a fire hazard after being removed from a tank . If this has never been used it should be good but if it has been ` stuck ' to anything befor it is not longer good . good luck
 I purchased this pet food because it was highly praised on Amazon . I normally do n't step outside my comfort zone , because I have severe anxiety . I have been trying to work on this and decided that making this gamble on this food might pay off . After days of contemplating the pro 's and cons of buying this for my little guy I finally decided that the cute cat on the front was worth the risk . I waited forever , well it did show up in a timely manner . It showed up at my house and I have to say the normal bag I buy at walmart is much larger . I thought it might be fancy feast style , but it was not . I laid it out in a bowl and waited to see if my cat liked it . He would not eat it at all . I tried feeding him by hand and he refused and almost bit me . I thought he might not be hungry so I waited a couple of days . He still did not eat it and I became worried . There are no instructions or warnings about this on the bag . I decided to improvise and decided to smother it in chili to get him eager to eat it . He dove on it very quickly , but it seems he was eating only the chili . I ca n't keep this up , because people food is not good for cats ! I give this product 1 start because my cat would not even eat it even though I know he is hungry . WORST CAT FOOD EVER !
 This rock burned my iguana 's belly . After doing some research , I learned that heat rocks are actually dangerous for use with reptiles . As cold blooded animals they do n't always know when to move off of a heat source when it becomes too hot . Heat rocks are just not a good idea . Even though these pet supply companies keep making them ... it has to be a money thing . I am now using an oil filled radiator heater -LRB- the portable/freestanding kind that cost under $ 40 at Target , Walmart , Lowe 's , or Home Depot , -RRB- in the room where I keep my iguanas . Or perhaps try an overhead heat source . Check out anapsid.org for more information on reptile care and feeding .
 Do not purchase these . They will burn your pet . I used one for a little while when I first got my iguana . Luckily I got onto a forum and was told they are not appropriate for reptiles that bask in the sun . -LSB- ... -RSB- Reptiles warm themselves from the top not the bottom . Get a proper heat lamp and bulb if you want to keep your reptiles warm .
 When I was changing the substrate out of my reptile 's cage , I notice the wires were a little bit exposed . Without processing what I was doing I pushed the wires back in and POP . The scariest part is that what if he walked over the wires and it electrocuted him ? I will never buy another heat rock product .
 This rock burned my iguana 's belly . After doing some research , I learned that heat rocks are actually dangerous for use with reptiles . As cold blooded animals they do n't always know when to move off of a heat source when it becomes too hot . Heat rocks are just not a good idea . Even though these pet supply companies keep making them ... it has to be a money thing . I am now using an oil filled radiator heater -LRB- the portable/freestanding kind that cost under $ 40 at Target , Walmart , Lowe 's , or Home Depot , -RRB- in the room where I keep my iguanas . Or perhaps try an overhead heat source . Check out anapsid.org for more information on reptile care and feeding .
 On July 25 , 2005 just 3 weeks ago Monday , my dog died from complications brought on by this product . We followed the rules on the packaging . We watched Burt -LRB- our mini daschund -RRB- chew it and swallow it down . Should n't be any problems from that point forward , right ? Well , Burt vomited blood the next day so we rushed him to the hospital . The surgeon recommended exploratory surgery . Like the previous reviewer of this product , it was later found out that my dog had a chunk of a Greenie lodged in his intestines . The surgeon had to remove 3 feet of my dog 's dead intestines and the `` foreign body '' lodged in his intestine which was none other than the all-too-familiar `` toothbrush '' end of a Greenie . That is a proven FACT . 48 hours later my dog died . He died from complications brought on from the surgery - pnemonia , peretonitis , you name it . Again , 3 FEET of my mini daschund 's intestines had to be removed . He fought to hang on as long as he could but he died Monday night 9:09 pm . Someone else posted a similar review but their dog lived , thankfully.In my opinion you are a fool for buying this product . I am aware of other documented FATALITIES involving this product and more and more are coming forward with similar stories of near fatal experiences , sick dogs , etc etc. . I share this story with you so that you can make your own educated opinion about this product . Everything that I have written here is the absolute truth . Medical records and other information are available.Here 's my new slogan for the company : GREENIES - YOUR DOG CAN LIVE WITHOUT THEM.-Mike
 I first happened upon Greenies dog food when I visited small pet store in Virginia . The storeowner recommended Greenies for health and dental hygiene . The owner showed me her Retriever 's clean teeth and I was sold on the product . From then on , I started to feed my dog Greenies . He is a 6-year-old male cocker spaniel and absolutely everything about food.Within the first few weeks of feeding my dog Greenies , I found a mass of phlegm with chunks of Greenies around the house . He must have choked on the Greenies and spit it up . From then on , I watched him chew the Greenies each time to make sure he swallowed . Yet , whenever I give him Greenies , the next day I would find chunks of Greenies undigested in his excrements or phlegm . The `` magic '' that the product and the storeowner claimed did not happen . My dog 's breath did not improve and tartar still built up if not regularly cleaned . In fact , I found that I needed to brush the dog 's teeth just as much as before I began feeding him Greenies.For the most part , my dog did not seem to like Greenies and at a point flat-out refused the food . This did not happen with other products , even generic dog foods . To me , this concludes that Greenies are not great in taste or efficacy . By feeding my dog this overrated food , I just wasted my money . Indeed , Greenies are not cheap either ! The instruction on the package says to give one or two servings daily , so you need a replacement package within one month . I do not recommend that you buy Greenies or feed them to your pet .
 I am highly recommending you DO NOT give your dog Greenies . My German Shepherd was given one by a friend . He loved the taste and ate it wholeheartedly . However , within a 24 hours , he was vomiting blood and taken to the vet 's emergency clinic . Not only did the product tear up his throat , but he had an intestinal blockage because the Greenie did not digest easily . He was at risk for emergency surgery , but my vet was able to help him pass it . He had to be on an IV for a week . Folks , the packaging on Greenies even says it is fatal if not thoroughly chewed . DO NOT RISK IT ! I almost lost my best friend .
 I gave my dog half of a Greenie , and while my back was turned , he consumed it instead of chewing it . -LRB- Must have tasted good . -RRB- Within 24 hours , he was refusing food and water . I took him to the emergency vet hospital where they X-rayed him . A piece of the Greenie was obstructing the area where the contents of his stomach should feed into the intestines and nothing could pass ! He was put on IV for dehydration and observed for 24 hours . Then I was presented with a very large hospital bill when he recovered . This was several years ago when the product was new . I reported it to the places that sold it , but my words of caution were ignored . Now it has been on the news channels as a great danger to your pets . If you have any of these around your house , put them in the garbage .
 There is nothing in this product worth feeding to a cat . It will make your cat dull , fat , unhealthy , and sleepy . Look at the ingredients and notice how much corn and other grain materials there are and not much real meat . Look at the ingredients in pet food and avoid corn and wheat and by products . Try Innova Evo , it is the best food there is .
 This is not the original formula as the ad states . It is the new meaty selections formula which both our cats appear to be allergic to . It is the small flat pieces not the large round bits like they used to be . Unfortunately the bag was also opened upon delivery so I really could n't return it . The local strays got a treat ...
 We have two very picky cats who loved the old original Whiskas which we thought from the photo this was , so we ordered two bags . It turned out to be the new improved Whiskas which they will not eat ... So our town animal shelter was very happy to receive these bags for their cats . Now one cat eats Purina & the other Purina 's Fancy Feast .
 Ingredient list speaks for itself.You pay for what you get ... do your cat a favour , spend a bit more on him/her . They need a lot more than useless cereal filler . Just because it gets eaten does n't mean it 's good for them does it ...
 I specifically ordered the Whiskas Dry Cat food in the original selection . Recently the company has redone their kibble and my cats do not like it as well . This was listed a : `` original Whiskas '' and one of the reviews even said they had the same experience . they were glad to find the older version and so was I . If I had wanted the new kibble , , I would have bought it at my grocery , , , incidentially cheaper than on this site . Surprise , , , , guess what was sent , , , , , the new version . Since I suspected it was the wrong thing , , I had to open the bag to verifiy it . Of course , , it was the new smaller kibble I could get anywhere . So I guess , , , you all are not very careful of your orders or you just think we are dumb .
 The primary problem with this food is it 's high concentration of corn -- cats are meat eaters and ideally most of their food should be meat . This food substitutes corn as a filler . Over half of this product is most likely corn filler . This is pretty standard for cat food at this price level . They also use the less preferred method of safety testing their product . The best thing is to do actual feed tests where in a laboratory they feed cats the food and see if it 's nutritionally adequate or if it kills them . Instead this product is chemically analyzed in a laboratory and certified `` safe '' that way . This testing is inadequate and results in death for many people 's pets . No evaluation is made of whether the food is digestible or not , if it is contaminated with poisons , toxins , or heavy metals . Chances are this food wo n't kill your cat , but since they stopped feed testing , there 's no way to know if future batches are safe.The nicest things I can say : The high filler means it firms up runny stools moderately well.It 's somewhat better nutritionally than most generic grocery store brands
 They say this is for small dogs , unfortunately , the `` bone '' is about an inch thick , which makes it a little hard for my small dog -LRB- pug , and a larger pug at that -RRB- to get his mouth around it and benefit from the brushes . The brushes are recessed , with only a quarter inch or so sticking out from the plastic casing . The thing that really got to me about this product though , is that it did not come with doggy toothpaste . You 'd think it would , since they show it in the picture , but nope , had to order that separately . My dog shows absolutely no interest in this thing now , maybe he will once I get the toothpaste .
 This product looks like it would be very durable but it falls apart very quickly . I got the small/medium for my 15 lb Westie and she has absolutely destroyed it ... taken chunks out of the plastic/pulled out all the bristles . Even with taking it away after a few mins , it only last maybe 3 uses . I also bought the large for my 72lb German Shepherd and she just acts like she does n't know what to do with it . She just carries it around and licks off the toothpaste . I thought this was a really good idea but it really will depend on if your dog uses it in a way to make it actually clean their teeth .
 Purchased as a replacement . Original was fine , but this come out of package with bristles falling out . No way I am putting this in my dog 's mouth .
 Within 2 minutes my little Boston terrier had destroyed this toothbrush . I do n't suggest buying this product . The bristles fell out almost immediately & the plastic didnt hold up at all . She 's 19 lbs & does n't easily chew up her toys but within minutes there were little pieces of blue plastic everywhere ! The seller did refund my money in full so I suggest asking for a refund if you 've recently purchased this item .
 I bought this to replace the small plastic Lixit bird bottles I had previously bought , which had fit on my lovebirds cage but not so much my conure 's . It was just sorta , hanging on there , so I decided to go with this one because it looked sturdier . I was so wrong . The thing is real pretty , it has little floral engravings on it and it 's a very pretty color ... I give it that , but that 's about all I can give it.There were , first of all , no directions included . It says sorta vaguely , on the little piece of cardboard the bottle is attached to , that you can use EITHER the wire or the spring mechanism to hold it on to the cage . It does n't really say how this is done or anything , and it does n't include any sort of useful image either . I tried using both latches separately but the bottle just seemed to be hanging precariously on the cage and was generally just really unstable . I ended up using the spring to hold the bottle from underneath and the wire to hold it to the cage . It worked for about two days before my > 1lb conure unlatched it and it fell to the ground and the bottle shattered . I mean , that was sort of the point of my buying a plastic bottle , so I would n't have to worry about it shattering if it did fall . Waste of money . Also , the thing leaks , a lot . Even the tiny cheapo plastic Lixit bottles were better than this thing.I ended up buying the nicer glass Lixit bottle that have much more stable latching mechanisms that my little guy could n't hope to undo in his wildest parrot dreams . Sigh , but it was so pretty ...
 I bought this for my miniature poodle but it is way too small for her . The puffy sides use available space in the bed making it smaller than it looked . Price is kind of high for the quality . It 's very cute , but more appropriate for a toy or teacup-sized dog .
 Item that was shipped by Online Toys was not the item ordered . Brown spotted Frog was suppose to have a sound chip ... when in fact it had a squeaker ... big difference . Again , one more example of Online 's customer care factor and providing items that the customer ordered . I wo n't be purchasing from them again and will also encourage my friends to shop elsewhere . Buyer be ware!Vo - Toys Brown Spotted Frog with Sound Chip Dog Toy
 I had high hopes for this product , but unfortunately , my dog developed diarrhea that lasted for days after just 2 meals with this stuff . After the first attempt I waited about 3 weeks before attempting again , with the same results . Bummer . I have to brush his teeth after all . : -LRB-
 After six months of constant uese , I did not find this product effective in discouraging plaque buildup on my dog 's teeth .
 I was hesitant to buy a product like this , but after reading several positive reviews , I decided to give it a try . After two months of usage , I have not noticed any reduction in the plaque levels of my dog 's teeth . -LRB- See the image I uploaded at the top of this page . -RRB- Each day , I add two scoops of the PlaqueOff product to her food . In addition , her teeth are brushed three times per week.Save your money and take your dog to the vet to have his/her teeth professionally cleaned . Then be sure to brush frequently to keep the plaque at bay .
 I purchased this product and have been using it on our two dogs since August of this year with no results their teeth are just as bad now as they were when i started using this stuff do not waste your money it is way over priced and does nothing i should have saved my money and taken them to the vet to have their teeth cleaned buyer be ware ! i onlygave it 1 star because i had to in order to do the review otherwise i would not have given them 1ProdenPlaque off
 Been using the stuff for a few months now and I ca n't see a difference in my dogs breath at all . In my opinion it was a waste of money .
 I started giving this product to my cat a year ago immediately after she had her teeth cleaned . I had hopes of it eliminating the need for another cleaning or at least postponing it . I took her to the vet 's today for her annual checkup and her teeth are in need of cleaning again NOW . They are covered with tartar and plaque and she has the beginning signs of gingivitis . I gave her the product daily as directed for an entire year . There may be a safe and effective dental prevention product available for our pets but this is not it .
 I tried this product for about a month on my Samoyed . She has very clean teeth EXCEPT for her top last molars . I did not see any improvement , but the product , which claims to change the chemistry of the saliva , causes her saliva to stain , so she developed brown marks around her mouth .
 I had been successfully using the evorapet powder for my dogs ' teeth and it worked VERY well but is quite pricey . When it ran out I did loads of research on results of less expensive powders and so purchased this one . I 've been putting this on their food for over a month and they are starting to develop plaque again . I even increased the recommended amount but it 's not helping . This has gotten great reviews which I trusted and so bought the mega-size . I 'm half way through the jar but will toss the rest and purchase the evorapet . It just works much better for my dogs .
 Unfortunately , this stuff is snake oil . Went through the entire jar for my two dogs , one 13 year old , the other is 3 , and religiously followed the directions on the jar . With some of the other reviews I figured it might work , since I ca n't put my 13 year old under for a tooth cleaning it was worth a shot . I 'll tell you now , it does exactly nothing . Might be good for getting a bit of greens and minerals in their diet but that 's about the extent of it .
 They just rattle a little . There 's no bells in them . They 're too cheap to send back , but I wo n't buy from this seeler or manufacturer again .
 Despite the cute packaging and the information on the back of the package touting the company as being owned by regular people , this item was manufactured in China.I really wish Amazon included manufacturing information for the items they sell . I might be overreacting , but I do n't want to risk my dog getting lead poisoning .
 Same price as Dr. Foster & Smith .
 I received all containers previously opened - all seals were opened . On the top of containers was decent pieces of liver and below that were grisley pieces and a lot of powder on the bottom . I will never buy liver treats from Amazon again . BIG RIP-OFF !
 I selected this company over the other even though the price was higher . I was hoping the pieces would be more consistent in size . It tuened out the container was filled with smaller crum like pieces , worse than the other company 's . I will never buy anything from this company .
 okay , it 's freeze-dried liver cube-lets . my common sense tells me that for a lot less than the price of this treat i could buy real liver , cube it and freeze it . it would serve the same purpose for a lot less money , and it would not be over-processed . that said , our dog would do back flips for this treat , so if you 're made of money , go ahead . you 'll make your dog 's day : - -RRB-
 He LOVES dehydrated liver . I make it for him all the time , so I thought he 'd love THIS , too , and it would be good when/if I did n't have my homemade dehydrated ready . I bought two big containers and he wo n't touch it ! I ended up giving it away . I think it 's the freeze drying process . Dehydrating keeps the flavor better . Have YOU ever eaten freeze dried food ? I have and it tasted awful . So , it you want to try this , get a small bag first , so you do n't waste your money like I did .
 Looking for a durable dog toy , this is not it . It took 30 seconds for my pup to have stuffing everywhere and there is nothing positive I can say about the latex ... very thin . Directly thrown into the trash .
 Feb 2011 they made my 100 LB hound dog very sick . After $ 1200.00 later and all the tests it was concluded he digested something that made him very sick . Had he been a small dog he would have died ! This is the second time in 6 months . I always assumed they were made in USA because their dog food is . Do n't trust them or their lab result tests . Anyone could make that ! Save your dog and buy USA and nothing from China ! You can call any company and ask if any ingredients come from China .
 Please be aware that PetSmart removed these from their shelves a couple weeks ago due to reports of dogs getting sick . While I can not say these treats are at fault , I do know that my dog ate more of them than usual last night and was a bit throw-uppy this morning ... he is totally fine now and he loves them , but I plan to wait for more info before giving him any more ...
 Did not realize this was not a USA product until it arrived . Not interested in risking my pet with questionable treats .
 Just be careful when reading the descriptions on some of the ` assorted ' toys . I thought I was getting the assortment , all of them and just got one . there 's nothing wrong with the toy . it 's just that with the ridiculous shipping the two dollar toy turned into an $ 8.10 little rubber hamburger . This happened with another ` assorted toy ' I got on here too . I had gotten avariety pack of six balls and thought these were the same thing . Just watch this .
 Merrick dog food is yet another dog food that hides MSG -LRB- Monosodium Glutamate -RRB- under the words ` natural ' on the ingredients label . `` Natural Chicken Flavor '' contains MSG , but neither Merrick -- nor any other human or dog food company -- has to admit it has MSG because
 I have bad arthritis , so I wanted to start ordering the canned dog food instead of having to carry it from store . When I recieved the shipment , each and every can was dented , but in all random places . I felt like the company must have given Amazon all of the ones they knew they could n't sell to the pet food chains . SO I wo n't order dog food again from Amazon .
 I had heard this was wonderful canned food , so I tried it for my very fussy schnauzer . I was first surprised to see a layer of fat on the top when I opened the can ... I scraped that off and added a couple spoonfuls to her dry ... and she sniffed it and walked away . She does seem to like the Merrick BG dry food . I chose the buffalo flavor and my girl says this is a winner .
 I have a special needs pet and searched for the right food . Since Amazon has been a five star resource I chose to have Pot Pie shipped . Many of the cans are dented . So I have to toss them or return . This is a big hassle but would not ever feed a dented can to my beloved boy . Best to purchase at the pet store , evidently .
 We have been feeding this to our dogs for over a year . Over the past few months , we have had a problem with the cases of Grammy 's Pot Pie cans . Some cans were full of chunks of fat and a thick lard-like gravy with no veggies , and some cases were fine with chicken and veggies , etc. . What happened to truth in labeling ? We also had the problem with the cans being only half-full sometimes . Our dogs were getting bad diarhea from the fat in the food so we had to stop giving them Merrick.They need to start testing their food again . It used to be great . Look at the old reviews from last year and before .
 Please think twice about purchasing this product , especially if you have a small-breed dog . I was lured by the cute , gimmicky labeling and sold by the ingredient list , but I twice fed Merrick canned food to both of my dogs , and BOTH times , BOTH dogs were diagnosed with pancreatitis -- an illness which is dangerous , extremely painful to the animal , and which requires hospitalization . I 'm not sure if the fat content in those particular cans was high , or if Merrick uses an ingredient/additive that somehow sickened both of my -LRB- unrelated -RRB- dogs , but this food made them very ill . After their second hospitalization for pancreatitis , I spoke with other folks who had stopped feeding Merrick to their small-breed dogs for the same reason -- the food caused vomiting , diarrhea , and lethargy in their pets .
 Delivery was quick ; however , the product was hard when received . Do n't want to take a chance giving to my dogs for concern one of them may break a tooth ! I 'm going to go to the local Petsmart or Monster Pets to check out the product . And , if they 're as hard as the package I received , then perhaps that 's the way they 're supposed to be . But if they 're SOFT as advertised , I will NEVER PURCHASE FROM THIS VENDOR AGAIN .
 Fairly worthless product relative to the advertised function . Treats also got hard and stale quickly in spite of always keeping the bag sealed .
 This toy was ENTIRELY torn apart by my 17lb cocker spaniel in LESS THAN 10Min . of being played with/chewed on . I had to take it away and throw it out within 15 min . of handing it to my dog . The quality of the product is POOR at best .
 This product did not help . I was still very allergic to the Schnauzer and had to find him a new home .
 If this is supposed to be a top notch dog food , my dogs sure do n't think so . There is a very odd smell to this food , it almost smells as if it is bad . Same smell came from the Bison flavor as well . My dogs wo n't eat it . Obviously other dogs like it otherwise they 'd be out of business . Sorry I wasted money on 2 cases of this stuff .
 I was going to order this for my little shihtzu but knowing how picky he is I bought a can from the local pet store first . Glad I did , because Sheldon would have nothing to do with it . The chunks in it are huge for a little dog so I cut them up , but he still would only sniff it and walk away . Disappointing because I see now that they have the smaller cans I would have bought for him . Not sure if the pieces in those are smaller as well , but it does n't really matter . He wo n't eat it .
 My dog didnt like it , she picks out the lil bits and spits them out but likes the larger kibble . Will not buy again .
 My dog eats Merrick food , and I thought it would be more convenient to start ordering it from Amazon in cases instead of hauling it home from the pet store every few days . Plus , it 's a couple of dollars cheaper to buy it here versus at my neighborhood store . Unfortunately , though , the case of cans did n't survive shipping well at all -- of the 12 cans , 4 were so severely dented that I do n't think it 's safe to feed their contents to my dog . I 'm not talking about a little indentation at the rim , either -- they were totally crunched and bent , completely trashed . I have no idea whether this was because the cans were too delicate , whether the Amazon box was n't properly cushioned , or whether the package was abused in shipping , but I have noticed that even when I buy this brand at the pet store , I have to check really carefully to make sure that the cans are in good condition . Whatever the reason , this should n't happen , especially for a pricey brand like this -- when cans get dented , it can let in air and bacteria that can spoil the food and make your dog sick . Given that 1/3 of what I bought was unusable , I ended up paying roughly $ 28 for 8 cans of dog food . That 's way , way more expensive than supporting my local pet store . If these cans do n't survive transport very well , it makes a lot more sense to me to buy them locally , when I can avoid the bad cans.Shipping headaches aside , however , I do recommend the food itself . My dog is a picky eater , but she seems to enjoy Merrick products well enough . They are made of high quality ingredients , and even though she has a sensitive stomach , they do n't give her any trouble . I just wish that they 'd pack the stuff in a container that could survive the transport to my house !
 Im just going to copy and paste this review on all the fooey sprays because , well , it doesnt matter what size it is , it is the same LOUSY stuff!The bottle itself tells me it is the most bitter stuff ever , the best , contains several bitter tastes , etc. . In all honesty , i tried this stuff myself . Taste HORRIBLE to ME . Like extreme bugspray . I was gagging and had the taste in my mouth for about an hour.HOWEVER , it did NOTHING for my cat . Absolutely nothing.She is OCD about licking her paws . So much that they are losing hair , and in the past have gotten irritated / scabby . Yes I know that cats must lick their paws to clean themselfs , but her paws just needed time without her obsessive licking to heal . -LRB- the vet recommended -RRB- So I gave a few spritz to her paws , which by the way comes out in a jet stream , and she promptly went right back to licking her paws . No pause , no flinch , nothing . I sprayed more on , and still . . no reaction . So I wondered if maybe her OCD was pushing her to lick through the bitter . So I gave a little spray to my fingertip and dabbed it onto her tongue . Still nothing . She licked her mouth twice and thats it.This stuff was a waste of money !! I am angry I got rid of the reciept , I can not return it . -LRB- I purchased from a nearby Petco -RRB- Please look elsewhere . This stuff works great on people , but seems tasteless to my cat!Zero stars :-LRB- :-LRB- !!!
 After purchasing this product , I was able to read the ingredients and the warning label . This thing was inundated with warnings and unpronouncable ingredients . It said to wash any skin that it touches , etc.Similar products like Bitter Apple , do not have such toxicity warnings.I would not recommend this product . If it ca n't be good for even our skin , it definitely wo n't be good for your household stuff or your puppy 's mouth and GI tract .
 My new dog chews on EVERYTHING so we figured we 'd try a chewing deterrent . We tried Fooey but my dog actually loves to eat it , we have more chewing problems ! She even tries to eat the sprayer on the bottle ! She was chewing on it and my boyfriend actually sprayed it in her mouth and she came back for more . It does n't work , I would never suggest this product .
 We 've used Bitter Apple in the past as a deterrent for our dog chewing at his paws and could n't find it in our local pet store . So we tried Phooey instead . It barely got a negative reaction out of our dog . Moments later , he went back to chewing .
 Earlier today I purchased this product while at Petco at the glowing recommendation of an employee there . My dog licks constantly night and day . As I type this I am watching her lick her foot with great attention and relish in the exact spot I sprayed this stuff a few minutes ago . So much for Fooey ...
 This product does not work . I bought it to put on cords and my cat has since chewed more cords . The taste is aweful for humans but he seems to love it . THIS DOES NOT WORK .
 Normally , your dog loving a product is a good thing , but not in this case . Both my dog and my mom 's dog will lick this stuff off anything . They even try to get to the bottle to get more . NOT what you want in a `` deterrent '' !
 This litter is like putting little rocks into your litterbox.It 's as hard as rocks and does n't absorb hardly anything . I really did n't think I would get something like this ... little pebbles . Honestly , I used one bag , mixed it with my old litter and the rest I 'm throwing away.It started smelling like piss too -LRB- and I clean my box probably 10 times a day because I have multiple cats -RRB- ... disgusting .
 We have purchased many products for our new puppy . This one did n't last even 10 minutes before he started tearing pieces off it .
 I was charged in my wife 's credit card for two exactly like i ordered ... However they delivered only one and it was said by amazon that i was going to be refunded for the other and so far nothing happened ... I will have to pat the whole amount in the credit card and saty with one collar instead of two ... Ok that 's no problem i will sue amazon for this . . and never buy from you again . . Irresponsible company ... do n't care for it 's costumers ...
 My puppy 's tear stains were n't that bad , but this did n't work on him . You must have to really scrub like mad with this product and I just used the brush that it came with and held the dog down and brushed many times . I saw no improvement . I used Angel 's Eyes the same day and the tearing stopped within a couple of days . I would n't waste my money again , just get the angel 's eyes and cut the stained fur when it has grown out some .
 I have been using this product on my dog for 3 weeks . There is NO CHANGE whatsoever ! She STILL has the tear stains on her fur ! Also , the solution has the tendency to turn very watery - not a gel at all ! It was a gel when I first opened it , now , it 's a liquid . SAVE YOUR MONEY !
 THIS PRODUCT IS A WASTE OF MONEY ... DONT WASTE UR TIME OR MONEY . . RUNNN SAVE URSELF . . the shipping was fast . but the product just didnt work
 Product was defective . Parts did not fit properly . I feel the wrong part went to a smaller power head . The company replaced the powerhead but opened the package for the new powerhead and swapped out for the same part . I have 4 of these same powerheads so I know how they are packaged and how the parts fit . Woman from company wanted me to go to a hardware store and buy Pipe tape and repair it myself . I refused because I should not have to repair a new product . Problem not resolved . Will not purchase product again
 I liked the size for my Lacy , but the first time I put her into the carrier she manage to push the zipper until it broke . I sewed up half of the end zipper , but she still manages to get out . It needs a better zipper and a way to keep the pet from getting it opened . I like the light weight and all the screen to keep her cool .
 Moves a whole lot of water and should not be considered for small tanks under 55gal . as splashing may result . A good power head for larger under-gravel filters or foam block bacteriological filtering . Parts are readily available , impeller etc. . One caveat , it appears it is too easy to break off the tabs that secure the impeller assembly rendering the entire device trash.Update after 9 months of use ... The tabs securing the impeller assembly to the head have begun to spread causing the jet direction to change while in use , very frustrating . One one occasion the unit came apart in the tank . I am already looking to find a more durable replacement after just 9 months of use .
 Let me start by saying I love maxijet pumps . However these newer ones are now made in China . This may or may not make a difference to some people but here is the issue I came across . I use this pump to feed a reactor for my fishtank . Normally I use a ball valve to throttle down the flow to keep my carbon from grinding itself down to powder . With the old style pump this was no problem , I could dial it back and it would work as quietly as it did unrestricted . With the new style pump made in China the machining process must be a little more laxed or something as ANY back pressure at all makes these pumps rattle horribly!Be aware of this issue if you plan on using this pump to feed a reactor , or skimmer or anything else that might cause some back pressure . The noise will drive you crazy !
 I bought a case of Merrick Surf & Turf with high hopes for my clutter of nine cats . Alas , the hype did n't live up to the reality . The product is essentially a wasted purchase , as virtually none of the cats will touch the stuff . I 'll be donating the rest of the case to my local animal shelter for their pet food pantry.The ingredient list drew me to the product , being grain-free , and offering a nice mix of meat and seafood , plus lots of complex carbohydrates for filler . Upon opening the can , it was clear that the beef and beef fat content was pretty high , with little seafood scent detectable . It came out of the can in big globs that were sticky to try to mush down for my gang . Have tried two feedings for my gang with this stuff , and they just ca n't be convinced that it 's both tasty and good for them.I realize that different cats have different sets of taste buds and some cats will eat anything , but when none of my nine will touch the stuff , I ca n't recommend it to anyone with an even semi-finicky cat , as a number of my gang will eat most anything , and to find them turning up their noses at this somewhat pricey stuff is kinda eye-popping . If you 're cat is very picky , but you know s/he likes beef , then this flavor will probably appeal to him/her , but otherwise , I would n't spend your hard-earned moolah on this stuff . Save your money and your frustration.I give it two stars simply because of its relatively healthy ingredient list ; I 'd otherwise give it only one star .
 Unfortunately , my cats did n't like this flavor . When I feed it , they never finish their food and I have to throw a significant portion of it away -LRB- or give it to my dog , as he 'll eat anything -RRB-
 I ordered a case of Merrick wet cat food , actually I ordered two different flavors , and the case of Surf and Turf was badly damaged before it was sent.Almost every can was dented , one was missing from the case , one was so dented it had spilled the contents . The cans would not have been for sale on the shelf . The other case was fine and this was not the fault of Amazons 's packaging , the case was full of damaged cans to begin with . Whoever put this order together should have caught this . Smelly , too ! I am afraid to give my pets most the cans as they are so dented as to be almost broken open.Expensive and disappointing as I live a long way from any pet store that carrys Merrick .
 Very light weight - very cheap plastic handle and rod - the handle and rod almost comes apart , unscrews or disconnects with each use - the springs do not offer enough power to scoop a pile of poop from the grass unless it 's very small and on top of the grass - I would not buy this item again and do n't see how anyone can get much use out of it unless they have a very small dog and virtually no grass in their yard where the dog goes potty - I originally tried it because the picture showed a wooden rod however a very cheap lightweight unit is what was actually shipped .
 MADE IN CHINA . . Even our dog food has gone the way of the Hershey Kiss . I wo n't be back to this vendor.Will be looking for made and sold in AMERICA only ...
 The quality control on these must be terrible . While one worked -LRB- for how long , who knows ... -RRB- the other rattled like it was full of rocks . Not even close to right.Caveat emptor .
 We used this on several items and we have two puppies . One loved it and even chewed her crate pillow . Do n't waste your money .
 I have 8 indoor cats and 3 of them have very sensitive stomachs . As a result - they throw up much more than i 'd like . I decided to try this product on the cat vomit to make it easire to clean and to remove the odor - and it does neither.Actually , it only makes the mess worse because I have a pile of petastic granules to remove before I can remove the mess that is not in any way ` hardened ' as a result of this product - which is what its advertised to do . Whatever consistency the mess was in prior to adding the granules is how it stays.Initially I thought I was n't leaving it long enough , so I tried letting it set for 48 hours and still - nothing . The mess was not any harder ; the consistency was unchanged.Perhaps if the mess you are cleaning up is 100 % liquid it might work , but in that case , save the big $ $ $ this product costs and use some clumping kitty litter instead.The 8.75 oz container was totally used up in 5 attemps to clean up messes . At $ 9 a bottle , that 's nearly $ 2 per mess for a product that does n't work.Hope this helps .
 did not like the product - felt the bags were too thin and when I ` tossed ' one , it ripped .
 the bottom seam on some of these are not sealed . Something happened to the 2 rolls I got . When I stick my hand in the bag , the bottom easily rips open . Obviously , poor quality control system . Will try another product .
 I 've heard and read good things about these bags but the one box I bought has bags -LRB- all of them -RRB- that fall apart as I 'm getting ready to use them . Maybe people just need to keep in mind that a bad batch makes it through once in a while .
 This stuff 's label does n't say much about what it does . Does it raise the ph , or lower the ph ? Is it just baking soda or calcium carbonate in a fizz tab ? It seems to have added a little bit of alkalinity -LRB- buffering capacity -RRB- to my tank and pushed the acidity from 6.9 to 6.8 - further away from center ! . One tablet in a fresh tank will cloud the water for days . A tablet in an estableshed tank will cloud the water if the ph is not too far off from where this stuff wants it to be . There is no patent information available on it , and there is no more information on the product website than on the product packaging . I would rather stick to products like ph + and ph - to resolve specific issues with ph than to have a mystery tablet that advertizes like it handles things either way.I suppose if you did have a big ph problem , that this stuff probably could help . But I would n't include it in regular maintenance routine unless your tap water comes out with the acidity of a soft drink.I wish that companies who market ` simple fix ' products like this to the general public would not disrespect us so much as to hide how the product works ... Marketing on the front of the pagkage & explanation on the back . All we get here is marketing & auto-magic hype .
 Tried these for lowering the pH in my fresh water aquarium , simply put , does n't work . Tested water directly from faucet and pH was around 7.6 and after adding 2 tablets to a 20 gal aquarium , pH is near 8 !!! These tablets are useless , stick with something you can read a label on the packaging that describes contents & remedies . Directions do say you may need to soften very hard water first , do n't know if this would 've made a difference or not !? I 'll be buying something else from now on .
 Ive had this for 1 month now and I put the water inside per direction and it just is not getting cool like my last mat that I used to own for 3 years . I cant remember what that brand was but it looks the same and if it was the same brand then either the inside cushion which holds the water may not be made the same way it used to . Im not getting that tight airless feeling although I emptied the air as much as I could .
 This is the worst hay I have ever purchased for my rabits . The hay was so flaky that it fell right out of the dispenser and the animals could n't eat it unless they wanted to lick it up off the bedding . Usually you always get a little of thins in every small bale but this one was made of that stuff . If you buy it , maybe put it in a dish ?
 This alfalfa is terrible . It is dried out , stalky and cut way too long . My guinea pigs could eat only about 20 % of the product due to it 's being so thick and dry . It created a huge mess in the cage . Do not buy this product !
 I ordered this for my 4-month old guinea pig . And the color just seems off . I looked in the picture and noticed that at least SOME of it is supposed to be green and actually fresh looking . In all honesty , it all looks dead . And it is EXTREMELY powdery . I think I 'll contact the seller , but seeing as how I already opened it to see if my guinea pig would eat it , I do n't know if they 'll do anything . I know my guinea pig is n't a big fan of it . 2 stars for it arriving on time .
 When I showed this to my cats , they looked at me like I was an idiot . They have never touched it , and they LOVE to play . It 's too big and aside from containing catnip , it has no appeal .
 I really had high hopes and followed the instructions to the letter , but it did not work . I still had new pee stains on the lawn . I 've tried them all and nothing has worked and I really hoped that this would , but it did not . I 've had to resort to training the dogs to go in areas off the lawn . It takes time , but it 's the only thing that works .
 The product arrived with the exterior of the bottle and the packing materials soaking wet ; the bottle was half empty . The seller was responsive and offered to replace the item immediately , but I opted to just have seller refund half the price -LRB- since half the product was gone . -RRB- . I used the product for some weeks ; saw no difference in my lawn . Well , it was worth a try !
 This product did not work as well as it has in the past . I think it is because they sent me an already opened bottle and it should be refrigerated after opening . The pump was taped shut with shipping tape and leaking when I took it out of the box . I was very unpleased with the results , I do n't think it is working at all . I have used it on our dog before and it worked very well . I did n't order a used product but that is exactly what they sent me . I guess this is Amazon 's fault that it does n't work more so than G-Whiz since they sent me a used product . If you can be sure you will receive a new product I would recommend it . It actually accelerated the grass growth where our dog went in the yard the first time we used it . I have n't noticed any difference this time . We are disappointed as we did not get what we paid for . We still paid full price .
 Has a pleasant smell , but does n't do that well removing existing odor . I will try a different product next time .
 My dog released her anal glands on my couch , so I had a pretty massive stink to eliminate . I tried this product , and all it did was replace an anal gland smell with a flowery anal gland smell . I needed this to remove a smell , and it failed completely . For other odors , it may work well - but it didnt do what I needed . I would recommend Odor Go ! by Tomlyn
 We have a new puppy who we are house training . So I bought this product to remove the stain and odors associated with her pee . While it does remove the stain with lots of scrubbing it does not remove the ordor at all . I have tried scrubbing the spot over and over to remove the smell but it is still present . Very dissapointed in this product !
 smelled great when wet but once it dried . Cat urine odor returned . I used the whole bottle and even used a steam cleaner on the area . Ended up replacing carpeting in that area .
 I have a cat that is ONLY interested in playing with real fur toys , he wo n't touch a synthetic product , even if it is filled with catnip . I bought this based on the somewhat misleading statement that it was made with `` natural '' fur ... I have no idea what that actually means , because the covering is most definitely not natural or real . So , I basically wasted over $ 6.00 on this toy due to the misleading statement . Do n't buy it if you are looking for `` real fur '' toys .
 These are terrible
 The holes and slots are too big , a lot of the little broken clumps of litter fall right through and scatter in the pan . I think if the holes were smaller and slots much thinner , it would capture any of the smaller broken pieces when cleaning the pan .
 My dachshund loves fleece toys and her fleece balls are her favorite toys . I bought this fleece ball for her , since her current favorite ball is no longer available for purchase.She loved this ball ! She loved the size , the squeaker , and the feel of it . She played and played and played with it for about a week.After just a week of heavy dachshund use , I came home one afternoon to find stuffing all over the dog room . The ball had wither sprung a leak or my dog had been able to chew a hole in it in just a week -LRB- Her previous ball lasted through almost a year of heavy use -RRB- . My dog fought me for the remains of the ball -LRB- because she did love it -RRB- , but alas , it had to go.I am still searching for a durable , fleece ball . This one did not pass the `` dachshund '' test .
 No one would look for a bs net to collect adult bs . For that any fine fish net would do the job . I was looking for a brineshrimp net for bbs . I bought 1 and found out it was too coarse to use for bbs . I asked Penn Plax , they told me that 's for adult BS . How many fish hobbyist raise adult BS vs. hatching bbs ? If a net was labeled brineshrimp net , every body automatically assummed it 's for bbs which is most common with fish keeping . As I said above , if one were looking for adult bs net , he could use a fine fish net . I have older bs nets from Penn Plax , and the oldest one was perfect for bbs . The newer one is pretty lousy , only 30 % of bbs get retained . The newest net is the worst . I believe that calling this net a bs net is totally misleading . Buyers beware .
 I purchased this brine shrimp net . Who are you trying to kid . The brine shrimp pass right through . The holes in the netting are the same size as the holes in all my other fish nets . False Advertizing ! Big waist of money . If you are looking for a net for brine shrimp this is NOT it .
 Did not like them at all . No good quality , so the price was much to high for this type of cat toy .
 WARNING
 She wanted nothing to do with it And you ca n't just leave it for her to play with like I did because you will have ants everywhere like I did .
 Both of my cats looked at it and walked away . Maybe I need to starve them for a day or two , I do n't know . The food either came out fast or did n't come out at all , but that is caused by the brand of cat food they eat.It did n't interest my cats at all and that 's why I gave it 1 star . A very good idea and concept but it did n't work for me . Maybe other cats love playing with it to get food , but not mine .
 I found these balls difficult to open and close , and my cats , who are ravenous eaters , show little interest in them . Some types of small kibbles just pour out the little holes so it takes no effort for the cat to obtain them . Back to the drawing board !
 Does not interest cat these reviews should be set up so one could write just a few words but they force one to waste ur time .
 Product was fine and seems like a great idea . Not a great idea to put instructions on how to open the darn thing on the inside though ! My fat old lady is just not interested though , despite being a pig . I tried to give it to my mum for her young , and seemingly brighter cat , but Apparantly they already have one , and he is not interested either .
 I was a bit disappointed in this item . It 's thin plastic and although I changed the size of the holes , just does n't seem to make the cats work for their treats . Maybe a couple less holes would help .
 My poor cat was n't able to figure out how to get food out of the ball . She would lick at the holes , but she never figured out that she could push the ball and food would come out .
 My cats were never interested in this ball . I tried a few different treats and it made no difference . Also , the treats did not come out as easily as I assumed .
 I have older cats so maybe you need to introduce something like this when your cats are young . My cats are 4 and neither really pushed this about or was that interested in trying to get food out of it and believe me my cats are treat oriented . However the holes in this thing are too big or my treats are too small cause even in the smallest hole setting treats were falling out to easily which is maybe why my cats got bored with this thing ?
 Its really a mess ... maybe for fat cats who would eat every piece but I was just looking to exercise my cat .
 My 2 cats really did n't even want to try this . Only one of 'em even bothered to poke at it.My Mom 's cat did n't give it much thought either . So we gave it to her neighbor and her cat did n't like it either . So 4 cats in 3 households give this a paws-down . We 've got one more neighbor to try ; just hope that their 2 cats might be interested !
 I think my cats are pretty smart , but they did n't get this toy . Plus , the opening for the food was either too small and nothing came out , or too big and it all came out . A good idea with poor execution .
 if i take away her food and leave her with this ball , she starves . it 's been a couple weeks and she still does n't get it . i have demonstrated how to use this a million times .
 I purchased this ball based on reviews that said it was great for overweight kitties - basically making them work for their meal . Maybe my cat is different than most but all she did was push it slowly along the floor with her nose to get the food that fell out of the hole . This was definitely not exercise driven . Maybe a kitten would be more apt to play with it to get the food , but my cat is 4 years old .
 Received my ball today and it is firmly locked shut with the instructions inside . Can not get it open for the life of me , and am assuming the instructions for how to do so are locked in the ball . Utterly stupid and irritating . I 'll be sending it back . Have a feeling the reviews for this product were mostly created by reviewers paid to sing its praises .
 Hated it - too big for cats to play with . Holes did not fit regular dry food or treats . They had to work to get the dry food out-but were not interested in dry food . The treats , that they would work for fell out freely - over in 3 min .
 both of our 9 year old cats were not interested at all in the rolling ball . I am sorry to say so because i wanted one or both to like it .
 This ball does n't work for my cat in the least bit what so ever . Chanel thinks she 's a princess and would n't eat out of the ball with her life depended on it . In fact the ball was such a failure , she was eating food off the floor where her food bowl used to be . When she saw that I was taking her food bowl down she went crazy.So for my cat this ball was a total failure . I would also suggest reading the instructions first , because once you break it in half it 's almost impossible to put it back together . Always go for unscrewing the lid at the top.All in all , not recomended for old cats . Escpecially spoiled ones .
 made an utter mess everywhere . and the ex-rommate 's cat figured out how to roll it between his paws to get the food out . so getting exercise did not happen , which is what we were going for .
 The holes , even when adjusted , were either too big and leaked treats all over the floor or too small and no treats would come out . Our cat lost interested because it was n't a challenge to get the treats out -LRB- we used Pounce treats -RRB-
 the cat doesnt go near this toy , we will need to give it to someone else . Maybe a dog owner .
 My cat wo n't use this , she figured out just the right angle to hit against a corner and viola - she gets all the food out very quickly and doesnt seem to get much excercise . But she is n't much of a play-cat so I can see how this would not appeal to her ,
 Maybe it 's a good idea but ... My cat just would n't go for it . I guess she 's set in her ways . I tried and tried `` training '' her but she has no interest in eating her food away from her food dishes . She 's unusual in that she wo n't touch people food , and the only food she 'll eat that 's offered to her outside of her food dish is an occasional cat food `` treat . '' -LRB- She 's not picky about her food , but obviously feels it belongs in her dish and not on the floor in other areas of the house . -RRB- I was n't happy stepping on stray pieces of dry food laying around the floors either.So ... Did n't work for us .
 it 's a cool idea , but my cat seems to not stand the smell of the plastic or something . he wo n't get near it . he smells it and recoils just like he does for oranges . if i roll it myself he will eat any treats that fall out but he wo n't get near the ball no matter what i do . i 'm going to give it to a friend to see if it works for her .
 I feel bad leaving 1 star because clearly the product just may not work for some cats through no fault of the product itself . My cat is young and quite playful , but for some reason she does n't go for it . Just thought I would let other people know that . Also , please note that the product photo makes the ball look bigger than it is . It is about the size of a large baseball or large orange . I give props to the designer for the creativity of the product though .
 It seems like a wonderful idea , but my cats just did n't adapt to it . I had hoped it would be good for our overactive Siamese kitten . When she did push it around , she scattered food all over the house , but would n't eat it . I also wanted our elderly British Shorthair to use it for stimulation . She totally ignored it , even though I did n't give her any alternative food . Since both of our cats are at ideal weight to slim , I hated to leave them without food too long to try this out . I really hated the mess , as the food seemed to pour out , or not come out at all . Right now it sits in their toy box and once in a while the Siamese bats it around the house , so I guess it 's not a total loss . As a feeder , however , it did n't work for our cats .
 I would n't recommend this ball . All the treats fall out all over the place and it makes a mess . I just threw it out . I woulnd ' t buy this products
 My cat was not interested in this toy . The food just came out and got all over !
 This would have worked great if ... My cat wanted anything to do with it haha . I got it because he is always begging for food and he when I do feed him , he eats too fast . He understood how to use the ball , but would n't touch it after a few turns . He wanted his bowl . When I put it down the next morning , he was purrrriiinngg like crazy . I guess you ca n't teach a 4 year old kitty new tricks .
 this does not work for me . I bought this to entertain my cat but she would not even go closer to the ball . should n't waste money for this
 I bought this item -LRB- in pink -RRB- to slow down my overweight cat , who typically scarfs down her kibble in 3 minutes or less . Currently , my cat is eating Wellness Core -LRB- a very small kibble -RRB- or Wysong Epigen -LRB- which is even smaller ! -RRB- This item has a major design flaw and thus is NOT appropriate for smaller kibble . The food pours out of the 3 holes all at once and does not slow down her feeding at all ! Instead , the ball should be adjustable so that only one hole is open at a time and even the one hole should be adjustable to 1/3 of its size , which it is not.Mission not accomplished . Incompatible with small kibble . Will try another product .
 Used this twice - it worked ok . The kitties did n't immediately get the hang of it , but I think they were starting to figure it out . We 'll never know - because it is in the trash ! The top half of the ball is two layers of plastic that rotate so that you can adjust the size of the openings - lots of food crumbs got caught between the two pieces of plastic - and I could find no way to separate the two pieces to clean it out . I 'm not a clean freak at all - but that would have turned into a stinky , unhealthy bacteria-fest really fast ! Yuck !
 Our two cats had no interest in these at all even though I tried them several different times . They might have used them if I took all of their food away and gave them no alternative but to use the ball , but I did n't do that.I pushed the ball around some to show them what it does . Yes the holes are adjustable , but they are n't very adjustable . Either hardly nothing falls out OR a lot falls out for me to clean up.Cats had no interest in these at all . Sadly , I ordered two of them - what was I thinking !
 Owned a different model before and will be searching for that one.On this one there are two size slot openings , and about 3 openings per size . For my cats there are two many holes my one cat was able to empty it without really having to do any work .
 This ball does not work unless you have a playful cat or a hungry cat . We had 3 cats to try it out on , and none of them would push it around .
 This ball is much smaller than I anticipated - about the size of a tennis ball.This ball confuses my cats . They do not know what to do with it . They suffer emotionally from its existance in my house . They run from it.Maybe your cats are brighter/more emotionally stable/more motivated . If so , they will enjoy.WARNING
 my cats would not even play with it , while it looked nice that was not why I bought it , I wanted them to get moving . My cat laid down reached his paw out and pushed it out of his way ... lol
 i bought this for my cat who is inclined to eat all of whatever we put out , all at once . we use small food
 My cats just look at it like it 's an alien . They seem to be slightly afraid of them . The only way the food is getting out is when I accidentally kick it . Then they will eat the food from the floor . Not recommended by me . Too bad they 're so big and noisy .
 I had very high hopes for this product . Truthfully , it was almost everything it was advertised to be . Except successful . I do n't really blame the product -- it 's kind of a brilliant idea , really . It just did n't happen to work for my three cats , two of whom are 3 and one of whom is 10 . It has mostly resulted in me playing soccer with the ball while the cats watch . Little pellets of kitty food are sprinkled all over the floor , which the cats refuse to eat no matter how hungry they are because , you know , they 're cats . I do think if you started your young cat out with this , it might be successful . But then , young cats are typically getting enough exercise already . Of course , if you 're interested in getting more exercise yourself with a fairly disinterested feline audience , this is definitely the way to go .
 The holes are small and some treats will not come out of it , and when you make the holes bigger , then all the stuff comes out , not a great design !
 I have 2 indoor cats and I bought this toy so they could run around and play and get some exercise . They both got scared of this ball and ran away . I tried to put their favorite cat food cereal and treats inside and rolled the ball around so they could play ... Regardless , neither cat approached the ball . What a waste of my money ...
 This toy is a creative idea yet in actuality is not what I thought it would be . The holes in the sides of the ball , while adjustable , are still too big and thus allowing the treats or food to fall out too easy . The point of the ball is to grab cats attention and have them play with it and have treats or food randomly fall out . I filled it with food to test it out and closed the holes to the smallest setting . My cat played with it and with one hit all of the food fell out onto the floor . My cat then ate all the food and had no further interest in the ball because was empty . I am not happy with this product at all and would look for another similar toy if looking for a ball toy dispenser .
 Great idea , poor execution . The ball is cheaply made , the `` locking tab '' slips under the lip causing the ball to come apart . There is a gap between the two halves . The smallest possible setting on the size of the dispensing holes is too large for normal cat kibble . Will work for dog-sized kibble , but ball is far too flimsy to stand up to a dog . I purchased the fun kitty Egg cersizer next , and it was much better .
 My two cats took to this toy immediately , but on day one , I see that the build quality may not be that great . The screw cap where you put in the kibble becomes loose after the cats play with it . It has n't come off yet during play , but it 's really only a matter of time . The mechanism to adjust the aperture to release the kibble is also very flimsy , and does n't hold the exact setting ... so this means that more food could fall out fast or that no food could fall out at all . I like the concept , and this has come closest to what I 'm looking for , but the execution could have been handled better . Sure this is a cheap and easily replaceable toy , but it should have been built with some longevity in mind ... the recycle bin does n't need to be piled up with a string of these toys .
 The kibble we use is pretty small so we had to adjust the holes so that only a few pieces would dribble out at a time . This involved duct tape . Even then it did not interest our cats in the least ... which is surprising because the both love to eat . They did little more than sniff or back away from it if it was rolled to them . After a week we threw it out because it was just making a mess on the floor .
 This only works well if you cat wants to play with it , otherwise it 's ineffective as a weight loss solution .
 I have older cats and found that this product is not good unless you get a kitten . My cats that range from 11 years of age to 15 years of age and wanted nothing to do with this item . The seller however , was able to get it to my home quickly and for that I gave the item a 1 star .
 Product is well made but my cat has ignored it now for 2 weeks . Passing sniff and it does n't exist
 The kibble comes out of this toy really quickly , even when on the smallest setting . Very soon we had kibble everywhere , and kitty did n't have to do much to get it . Also , it 's hard plastic and so makes a noise on a tiled/hard floor , which scared our cat a little . I think it 's a good idea that does n't really work in practice .
 I suspect this would be a big hit with kittens , but my cats did n't play at all with it . I did get some interaction going by rolling the ball , but then you have food all over the place . The cats did n't discover all of it , so it was wasted .
 I think maybe it needs to be smaller , since my cat likes to chase smaller balls around . I just could not get him interested in this .
 I brought this after reading about how wonderful it is for overweight cats . Getting them to play and get a measured about of dry food too , helping them loose weight . Well , that is all well and good if your cats will play with it.My older cat watched as i rolled the ball around to show them that food falls out , he thought that was cool and ate the food that fell out but when I stopped rolling it around he just looked at me and walked away . My other younger cat just watched and then walked away , like he was saying well if you have to roll it forget it.It has sat in the same place for days now , neither one has payed any notice to it since.Cats will be cats and they will not always do what humans want them to do . At least my two do n't .
 My dog was able to take the rubber non slip ring off the dish . Second , I found one in Walmart for less price .
 In decades of buying from Amazon this is the first time I have had to return an item that was not only damaged by poor shipping practices -LRB- see my images above -RRB- but also misrepresented.Misrepresentation :1 -RRB- Product Features states that 5 ceramic bowls of various sizes are included . No bowls came . ONLY THE MAT .2 -RRB- Product photo shows assortment of bowls on top of the mat which one assumes represents the item being purchased.This assumption is backed up in the Product Features description . No disqualifier states that bowls are notincluded.Poor quality :1 -RRB- Mat is thin and flimsy -LRB- see photo -RRB- ; so flimsy that folding it in shipping caused damage .2 -RRB- Mat is definitely not worth almost $ 7 , perhaps $ 2 if not damaged.I would definitely not recommend this product .
 This item fell apart the minute I put it on the floor . I 'm not sure if my dog ripped it or not , but it 's made really flimzy . I DO have the bowl however and my dog loves it . There are so many better placemats out there , I really think this one is worth the cheap money they are charging for it .
 These are so cute and look fantastic on my puppy ; however , they are poorly manufactured . The minute I put them on Cutie , they tore . The sewing part was n't sewn properly , so I had to re-sew them myself . Not sure if I received a bad batch . I suggest that before anyone puts these on their puppies to reinforce them beforehand just in case .
 well i know it 's a photo online , but I thought 24 ounces would be bigger . I think 24 ounces would fill it to the very top , and who does that with a dog bowl , so if you have a big dog , go with 48 or 64 ounces so you do n't have to fill it up all the time and clean up spills
 The rubber gripping that surrounds the edge of the bowl comes off very easily and is extremely difficult to put back on . Therefore making the bowl very easy for the puppy to push around .
 One of my kitties LOVED this toy , and the other kitty could n't care less.This morning the kitty that loves this toy got horribly tangled up in the toy . The bungee wrapped around her paw and when kitty tried to get it off , it just got tighter , cutting off circulation . It was very difficult to restrain her and cut the bungee string off.Just a warning - this can be a fun toy , but have careful supervision !
 I have a one year old cat who loves this toy , but it 's dangerous without close supervision . Safety release often does n't work -LRB- true for two of the four I 've bought -RRB- , so ultimately the whole contraption comes off the door frame with great force after the cat runs off with the mouse or bird . The metal prongs hanging from the door jam could put out an eye of anyone within range -LRB- or conceivably the cat if he looks back when it flies off the door jam -RRB- , and when the cat runs around furniture with the cord attached to the mouse it can strangle the cat if he becomes entangled in it . Has wrapped around his legs and once around his neck , which could be fatal . Use only with close supervision but get this toy corrected so all safety releases release !! I wrote to the producer -LRB- Ethical Products-ha ! months ago but have rec 'd no reply . CW
 My four kittens loved it but they kept pulling it down on their heads as the security snap does n't always work , the only time it did the elastic wrapped itself around the neck of my kitten , as cats do when scared she started twisting her body in circles trying to get it off , and running around the house only to make the elastic tighter around her neck , choking her . I was lucky I was there to catch her before she suffocated . Buttom line , I 'd rather do without this toy than without my kitten .
 My cat loved it but unfortunately it completely fell apart after just a few days . I 've ordered him more but they all only last a few days . He LOOOOVES them though so it 's a good thing they 're inexpensive .
 I bought this from a local pet store . As many have said , the safety clip does NOT work ! My kitten grabbed and pulled and yanked and managed to pull this thing feet away only to have it snap back . When I tried to yank and pull the string apart , even I could n't do it!Within 28 hours of putting this up , the kitten managed to pull the bird off the bungee . I 'm INCREDIBLY disappointed with this purchase . While my kitten loved it , she 'll play with a crumpled up piece of paper . I 'm going to find something else for her to entertain herself .
 Did n't last five minutes . We have a similar product , and our cat loves it and has played with it for months . But this one broke immediately , the bungee pulled out of the toy . Do not recommend !
 If you have a larger cat that has front claws , you 'll want to stay away from this product . Now , my cat is atypically large -LRB- over 16 lbs . at 10 months , not even a little overweight -RRB- and has his front claws , although they are well trimmed . He completely destroyed the toy on the end of the pole within 2 or 3 uses . There were fuzzy orange fibers all over the place . Quite a mess .
 It 's a really cute collar , but the glitter started fading off almost immediately . Normally my dog wears the same collar for about 6 months but this one only had a 2 month lifespan . The leash clip is also a little tight against the collar itself which made it hard to clip the leash on .
 Five minutes in , one tentacle was bitten off , ball inside cracked in half . Not durable enough to be a dog toy . Disappointed :-LRB- . So is the dog :-LRB- .
 I ordered this product as a replacement bulb in my 55 gallon turtle habitat . Worked great for ten months . The one I had in previously lasted 8 years . So either they do n't make em ' like they used to or I just got robbed . I emailed the company but my emails were undeliverable and since I ca n't leave my little turtles in the dark I just ordered a new one -LRB- from somewhere else ! -RRB-
 I absolutely would not ever order anything from this company -LRB- entirely pets -RRB- ever again . I ordered this light over 1 month ago and just received my third light in the mail today . The previous two lights had been broken in a million pieces and the third one , low and behold , is again broken in a million pieces . You would think that a company that sell light bulbs would know how to ship them . All three times , the light has been wrapped in bubble wrap and then placed in a cardboard box without any additional padding-they never changed their packing method even with the second broken light . I am going to call later this evening to get my money back so I do n't waste my cell phone minutes . I tried to call this afternoon and gave up after being on hold for 15 minutes without anyone answering the phone.Ridiculous that they can not ship a product intact and ca n't get it right after 3 times .
 There is something to be said for this scraper , it 's somewhat effective . I purchased this to clean the back of my glass aquarium where I can not reach with my trustyMag Float-130A Magnetic Cleaner for Acrylic - Medium - up to 125 Gallon . It did n't do a very good job and was n't terribly easy to get at that perfect angle . I 've found it far easier to use a razor blade edge to scrape off coralline algae -LRB- do n't care for it on my glass -RRB- than to use the scraper and my tank is 24 '' deep.There 's certainly something wrong with a product if you 'd rather use a straight razor blade and shove your arm into your aggressive reef tank , risking being stung by your lion or scorpionfish , or bitten by your eel , than use a scraper .
 NOTE THE TITLE SAYS FOR LARGE DOGS ! See my uploaded picture , a spoon is bigger than this ! What a rip off !! I thought it was a cute idea beings I myself love designer purses . I was ok with price initially because it was cute and unique but when I received it it was SO tiny and cheaply made .
 Got this for my sons lil hammy . Boy was it a mistake . The hamster gets out and scares the daylights out of our cat . If you need a cage that actually WORKS and is escape proof - do NOT get this piece of junk . Oh yeah , the ball - which is supposed to be like a wheel - does n't even work at all.Plus - NO ONE carries parts locally for this brand - so if it breaks -LRB- which it will w/in a month or so -RRB- you ca n't fix it . It is WAY too small and breaks easily . Do n't waste your money folks !
 I am a new hamster owner and this cage was my first mistake . I have a Teddy Bear hamster and she is still a baby , just a couple of months old . This cage is way too small for her . The pieces are very brittle and break easily . The ball does n't turn very smoothly or easily and of course is a little noisy . I wish I could put a regular wheel in here , but ca n't because of the pyramid shape of the cage . All of the accessory pieces you can buy for this are total junk too . The tubes do n't stay together and fall apart once my hamster crawls inside . Not a good buy . I just bought the Jack 72 Hamster Resort and hope it works out better !
 I ignored the bad ratings , and figured I could fix anything that was wrong with the design if it did n't work . Wrong . Fell apart and killed wife 's girbil on the first day . These things should be recalled . I bought the whole setup and all the acc . They all went into the trash .
 When I bought this cage the guy told me it was a diffrent one he sent me a picture of it and I said I 'd take it . When I recevied it I put it togther ti find the wheel to fall off every time the water leaked and there was not any room for my hamster , I emailed him to see if i could return it and he never replyed so now I 'm stuck with this cage and wasted 22 dollars on a piece of junk that will never be used .
 This toy arrived dirty and did not have the tag . The canvas was flimsy -LRB- with a hole where the tag used to be -RRB- and the stitching was poor . My dog had the stuffing out after a two fetches , so she LOVED it . I positively hated it .
 So I had cat toy shopping today and observed a lot of cat toys at local store . I have to say that Vo-toys does some really nice cat toys , but not this one.Please be careful with these poms , because some cats , like mine , may show chewing behavior and swallow tiny parts of whatever they will find . Especially everything that sparkles . And glittering balls are full of tiny sparkle threads which eventually fall out and end up in kitty 's stomach . Sometimes it 's ok and goes out of kitty at next bio break . But sometimes it may stuck in her stomach and cause pain and even death . So be careful . Make sure that your kitty wont choke something like sparkles from such kind of poms . Sad story but my balinese died , cuz she ate some parts of X-mas ornaments at age of 10 . That 's why I watch after my little russian-blue very carefully.So if you want to buy some nice cat toys , consider to buy something else . Vo-toys have many many other types of cat toys and some of em pretty nice . For example I 've got pair of cloth balls , dozen of tiny mice and mini-jacks , which look more like little stars made of heavy duty silicon or something , so my little kitty can chew em whenever her teeth are itching . And my kitty already approved all of em , especially she liked cloth balls , since they have some jingling thing inside .
 I bought these poms because we had 2 glitter poms that were given to us when we adopted our cat . They lasted a long time and just finally fell apart after a year of constant play . I was looking for something similar to replace them . Now about this product
 The claw clipper that shipped did not not have the safety light and looked nothing like the picture . What I recieved was the most basic cheap claw clipper on the market . The back that stops the claw was bent backwards defeating its purpose . And it was alos dirty , not like an oil for the hinge but dirty and gross .
 Although the picture shows three toys , only one toy arrived in the mail ! No where in the description does it say you receive a SINGLE item , or even ask which of the three pictured you would prefer . Not sure if I would have purchased this had I realized ... not sure if I will keep it yet . I gave it only one star in complaint of mis-leading advertising , and not becauise of the product itself . If I decide to keep it , our bunny had better LOVE it !!
 It is too big for even a large cat to grab in it 's mouth . Thrown across the room it is not interesting enough to chase , like little fake mousies are . It goes PLOP and the cats stare at it . Useless .
 My cat loved this toy but she destroyed it in about 5 minutes . It 's really quite flimsy . Perhaps if your cat is very gentle and just wants to cuddle with it , this would be a good toy . My girl loves to go crazy with her toys so this did n't hold up at all . In fact , the little beads and bell fell out almost instantly and is really quite a choking hazard . I 'm surprised that they advertise it as `` durable '' because it most certainly is not .
 My chinchilla tore this hutch apart within a week . It was an inexpensive hutch but still not worth it at all .
 Exact same hood came in a 10gal aquarium kit -LRB- can be purchased at Meijer or Walmart -RRB- . In less than a year , the lights stopped working , upon inspection , massive amounts of corrosion was discovered . If you are going to keep your fish tank for more than a year , spring the extra -LSB- ... -RSB- and get a quality hood .
 In less than 4 weeks , the light sockets literally fell out . No physical cause , just extremely poor workmanship . Definitely a hood to avoid .
 I purchased the tank which included the filter and economy hood . The tank and filter work great , however the hood broke within 5 weeks . The plastic assembly that holds the light bulb in place broke and can not be fixed . Like the last person said it may pay to buy a better quality hood . This one does n't cut it ...
 The light in the hood , from the moisture , eventually corrodes and stops working and this occurs after a short time , 3-4 months . We have gone through two of these hoods then ditched it for a better one . I would stay away from this style of hood as it is cheaply made and not durable for a fish tank .
 I did n't get this from Amazon , it came with an aquarium I was given . The hole provided for the filter is MUCH too large and I 've lost a snail that found the opening . The bulbs are constantly burning out , the bulb covers just do n't protect them enough .
 This hood will fall apart on you ! The bulb socket was designed in a way that it is very hard to change the bulb . You must unscrew the cover otherwise you will risk cracking the bulb -LRB- I wasted $ 20 on bulb -RRB- because you can reach the base of the bulb with the cover on . It is not made with rustfree material so after the screw is rusted in place then you ca n't even change your bulb anymore . It wo n't last more than 2-3 bulb change . I also think because the design of this junk -LRB- everything exposed to moisture -RRB- the bulb just does n't last very long . The whole thing does n't last very long !
 I purchased this hood for my son 's 10 gallon tank from a local aquarium . We did not put lights in initially , so it * worked * OK . Once I got a hold of some bulbs , I decided to just install one of them , because it was bright enough . That lasted a total of 2 weeks . As others experienced , the screw base of the lamp socket just broke itself off either by corrosion or vibration or who knows what . I discovered this by attempting to unscrew the bulb , but not encountering any resistance whatsoever . It only was held there in place by the cheap plastic water shield.I then tried the other side , and got at least a few more days out of that compared to the other side before the exact same thing happened . Horrible , horrible design . I can not believe how anyone could think a design like this could possibly work . A complete waste of materials and energy to make and sell this product , only to have it land in a dump somewhere within a few months . I 'm only hoping my local aquarium will take it back for a refund .
 It 's a nice light cover with a good size feeder opening and a few knockouts in the back for tank accessories . It 's inexpensive and sleek . I could n't give it a 5 * since this is a replacement . The lights to my previous cover fell out . The metal sleeves that hold the bulbs in fell out . But at ~ $ 20 lasting a few years is n't too bad.UPDATE
 I have my 10 gallon aquarium set up with a new filter and this new hood , and for a few days I thought it was my filter making that TERRIBLE grating rattling noise . It turns out it 's the hood , my filter just hums and bubbles . I tried everything to fix it , replacing light bulbs and tightening screws , but NOTHING would make it stop . I 'll have to buy a new one , my fish tank is right by my bed !
 Our kitty loved this toy but it fell apart within the first 24 hours . : - -LRB-
 I have Rhodesian ridegbacks . I have purchased this item twice . Every time they have bent the door opening so then it sags on top . The supports are not strong at all . I could see if my dog was a huge dog but they are not that big yet just a nudge with the nose they bend it all up . I like the convenience of being simple to put up . I show my dogs so it makes it nice for shows . However now having a sagging top they do n't want to get in it . They need to find a way to make it sturdier .
 Looking for a portable crate for traveling with our medium-size -LRB- 45 lbs -RRB- Portuguese Water Dog , decided to try this Midwest item , having had good success with their folding metal crates . This model arrived promptly , but during the very first test setup indoors one of the zippers used to assemble the fabric structure ripped out at a corner -- an obvious stress point . In addition , as other purchasers have noted , the corner supports are quite thin , so the structure shakes and seems insecure . Even with the weather flaps raised , the interior is dark and poorly ventilated . Given the poor engineering and our dog 's penchant for chewing , we did not even try to put him in it and sent it back to Amazon for a refund . I would add that while it has a nice carrying case , it is quite large and heavy due to the one-piece wood floor needed for structural support . It may weigh more and take up more space when folded than a comparably-sided wire crate . After seeing it , my impression is that a smaller wire crate would work as well or better by providing good ventilation and less feeling of confinement . If shade or weather protection were needed , a fabric cover for a wire crate would serve the purpose and take up less room when packing .
 i 'm not sure if it made my dog 's ear infection worse , but it surely did n't get better . for the price it was worth a try , but learn from my mistake
 The product description made no mention that it can not be used on cats . It was n't until I received the item that I read on the label that it 's not for use on cats . I complained to the seller -LRB- Probiotic Smart -RRB- and then had to jump through hoops to get a refund .
 Like all the dog ear medicine I have tried , this seems to do little or nothing to alleviate the itching . Perhaps it is a food allergy .
 I bought this product for my Sun Conure . She absolutely adored it . Without my noticing she had chewed a small hole in the center lining . I woke up this morning to find that she had crawled through the hole and was completely contained within the center lining and was helplessly trapped . I had to cut the lining to remove her only to discover that she had also become entwined in threads that were wrapped around the base of her wing . These had to be carefully removed to prevent her from breaking her wing during her panic . She was very quiet while she was fully inside the lining . My casual observation just indicated she was sleeping in late . If I had not noticed she was trapped before leaving for work she would not have lasted the day . If you have a bird that has somewhat destructive tendencies , PLEASE be careful with this product or any other similar products that are sewn to create pocket of material . I will not replace her house with this or any similar houses based on the design , much to her dismay .
 Do n't know whether it 's just my dog , but Pet-Ease did nothing , repeat nothing for calming my 13yr old Lab 's separation anxiety ... she literally bent the bars of the wire kennel , a la Popeye , and escaped one day I was at work .
 I purchased this product in hopes that it would help my dog 's hips and joints . I 've given it to her a total of three times and she puked it back up twice . Needless to say , I 'm not going to keep giving it to her if it makes her throw up , so it was a waste of money for me and no help to her .
 They appear to be very good chemically , and thats why I ordered em , but Muffy wo n't eat em in ice cream , and that must mean they taste bad to her .
 Unfortunetely , my pug did not like them at all . Wish I had n't bought them . I went back to what i was buying for her .
 We have been giving our old golden retriever this product for well over a month and I am not seeing any improvement in his condition . He is still having great difficulty getting up , climbing stairs and moving around . He also will not simply chew up this chewable tablet . We need to hide it under peanut butter on a spoon to even get him to take his daily dose . The dog did as well when I gave him one baby aspirin a day instead .
 Prior to trying this product , we used Pet Naturals soft chews for hip & Joint , which we purchased through Puritans Pride . They were more expensive , but appeared to work very well on our 13 year old Husky . After reading the positive reviews on this product we decided to try and save some money and purchased Nutri-Vet Hip & Joint . Our dog is not a fussy eater , and has never rejected any type of medicine or treats . She spit these out immediately and refused to eat them . I broke off a piece and tasted it myself and found that it had a very , very strong citrus flavor . I can never recall seeing anything citrus on any dog food or treats . I absolutely can not understand how all these other reviewers could possibly endorse this supplement -LRB- I can , but it would only be unfounded speculation.Please consider my advice and avoid this medication .
 Even though they were advertised as replacement parts they were hard as the dickens to insert and make work . Finally with great effort they finally got placed into the razors but took too much time .
 This item did n't do the job . It did n't smell like the previous bottles I received and it did n't help the fishes to regrow . I always use it in combination with the pimafix and was not satisfied at all . Both fish died of the fungus .
 This is a great idea , and I love the collar . But for the price we paid it is not up to standard . It has already almost faded completely and we have not even had it for a month , it has faded so bad that it is even white in some places . I would not by this product from this seller again , but I am still going to try and find a nice saints collar . Like I said love the concept , but for quality it should be cheaper , or for the price the quality should be better !!
 I bought this collar for my little peekapoo puppy who is named after the old New Orleans Saints mascot . He is barely 5 pounds and was able to break the clasp with his teeth . I can understand a big dog able to do that . . but not my tiny puppy . It was cute while it last , but that was n't long at all . : -LRB-
 I tested this product during a 4-day weekend , only to find that it did n't dissolve past the first layer , which is just the white filler material . My poor fish was very hungry when I arrived back to work.I 've given it 3 stars because my tank does n't have an aeration system , which the package recommends . It may work for you but it did n't for me . -LRB- I 've edited my review to one star - please see my comment -RRB- I recommend a test run before using any of these feeders for a long-term absence . At the very least , ensure someone can check on them every few days to ensure it 's working .
 This is not the best grooming book out there . Many other products have significantly better illustrations and are much more comprehensive .
 These bars did not stay in place no matter how much I adjusted the screws , etc. . My dogs had them down in less than a minute . This thing now sits in my basement unused .
 I bought this because I have a very weak stomach . When we got our puppy I figured this would be my best bet when it came to avoiding picking up after my dog with just a bag -LRB- by hand -RRB- . When it came in the mail , the forked edges were bent over and not straight . This made `` scooping '' almost impossible also it usually ends up making a mess then it 's worth . DO NOT USE ON FRESH MESS ! YUCK ! The only way I could recommend this would be to use it after the mess has been sitting for a few days . It would work much better in that situation .
 This hood has poor quality . I had my old aquarium hood for 4 years and it worked well . But this one I only purchased it for a month and the light stopped working . Waste money .
 This light is a cheap made junk . Had it for about 2 weeks & the light stopped working & the lid does not fit a 20 gallon tank ! Had to have plexi glass cut to set the lid & light on top so I could have a lighted tank . Bulb was fine . I thought it was the switch & I took it out & just wired the light so you could just un plug & plug in whenever you want to use the light . Did not work . DO N'T BUY ! Save your money because not only did I waste $ 42 , buy another $ 12 to get plexi glass cut & now I have to buy a new light ! What a rip off !
 I choose this lid because of the picture . It 's shape , the woodgrain , the color , all exactly like one I have on my 55 gal . Unit arrived , was black , no woodgrain , a different style that wo n't even fit , and worse quality than what I had . Rather ticked off , I just threw the whole damn thing in the garbage . Could have easily done a return or chargeback for false advertising but frankly do n't have the time .
 I bought this because my ferret Lola likes to be around the house freely playing with my cats all day until is bedtime . I needed something with a bell to now where she is at all times . This collar comes of easily . She takes it out even though I tried thigh it in up almost to the point of choking her lol it did not work . Her head is smaller than her neck so she easily push it out of her neck . I do not recomment this collar or any collar for a ferret .
 I bought this because my ferret Lola likes to be around the house freely playing with my cats all day until is bedtime . I needed something with a bell to now where she is at all times . This collar comes of easily . She takes it out even though I tried thigh it in up almost to the point of choking her lol it did not work . Her head is smaller than her neck so she easily push it out of her neck . I do not recomment this collar or any collar for a ferret .
 Bought at 6 months ago - it came with the tank as a kit . Aqueon T8 17W 24 '' bulb in All-Glass hood . Turned on/off once a day , run average 6 hours max . Thought bulb had gone out -LRB- after only 3 months -RRB- . Finally just bought a new one , but apparently it 's not the bulb!We have our entire aquarium system on UPS -LRB- uninterpretable power supply -RRB- , so it 's not a household current surge/valley issue , just poor quality . Have had 8 aquariums in about 40 years , and many units outlasted the aquariums . I never even gave the quality of hood lights a thought - until now . Very disappointed.Won ' t be trying this brand again anytime soon . You really do get what you pay for .
 Buyer be ware . This order was -LRB- not -RRB- fulfilled by Petco . Ordered -LRB- and paid for -RRB- an All-Glass Aquarium Black 30 '' flourescent hood for my All-Glass Aquarium . What I got was an Aqueon 30 '' flourescent hood . Do n't know if there 's a price difference . It sort of works OK , I need it and do n't really want to spend the time/money/horsing around to return this , wait for a refund and find somebody else who 'll stock and deliver what I paid for . Do n't buy anything from Petco on line ; do n't buy anything unless you can inspect it before you pay for it .
 I 've owned nothing but All-Glass aquariums for almost 10 years , and in my experience , the plastic hoods are a waste of money . I 've owned many , and have been impressed by none . The All-Glass VersaTops are far superior in my opinion .1 . -RRB- The deluxe hoods generally come with a single-tube strip light with no reflector , only cheap plastic above the bulb . The twin-tube strips will have a reflector to increase the efficiency of the bulb . Invest in at least a twin tube right away -LRB- make sure to get the twin-tube glass tops as well -RRB- , especially with the deeper tanks . Quality of lighting is much better without having to break the bank with specialized lighting .2 . -RRB- The access panel is clumsy and the plastic hinged joints break or crack easily . Every one I 've owned has been very noisy when opening/closing . Glass tops offer more visibility and a smoother range of motion -LRB- they 're quiet and will last longer -RRB- .3 . -RRB- More inconvenient to clean than a glass top . Visibility of water spots/mineral buildup very obvious if you do n't maintain them properly . Usually takes a lot of scrubbing to remove the deposits completely .4 . -RRB- Oak accent coating on light strip tends to wear off easily .5 . -RRB- Hood allows for a greater rate of evaporation . Glass fits snugly into the lip of the aquarium and greatly reduces evaporation ; i.e. , you do n't have to top-off the water frequently .6 . -RRB- Cutouts on the rear of the hood are inconvenient and if the outlined pattern is followed , leaves too much room for that occasional fish to escape -LRB- nobody wants carpet-critters -RRB- and restricts customization for placing equipment . Glass VersaTop has a clear plastic strip for the rear panel which is easy to cut -LRB- to your specifications , also helps with evaporation , leaves less room for jumping fish to escape -RRB- and is very easily replaced.In my experience , the hoods are functional , but I 've found glass to be far superior in performance , reliability , quality , appearance and maintenance -LRB- and I have n't broken one yet -RRB- .
 BULB FAILED AT TWO YEARSBULB HOLDER PLASTIC ASSEMBLY WHICH IS ISOLATED FROM WATER BY PLASTIC SEE-THROUGH SHIELD HAS LITERALLY DISINTEGRATED AND DETACHED FROM BLACK PLASTIC STRIP COVERABSOLUTE GARBAGE ... LOOK ELSEWHERE FOR DURABLE HOOD LIGHT STRIP
 Corn is the number 1 ingredient . If I wanted to feed my dogs corn , I would have went to Wal-mart and grabbed a bag of Ol' Roy . My dogs refused to eat this `` vet recommended '' crap .
 I had been using this food mixed with the canned science diet for my lab puppy -LRB- because that is what the shelter had used -RRB- , and did n't have any issues . However , after reading the other review , I asked the manager at a local pet food store what he thought of this brand , and he said it was NOT good - all fillers -LRB- corn -RRB- and animal by-products . He suggested I gradually shift the dog to Blue , which has a similar protein/carbohydrate mix , and then when the puppy is a bit older -LRB- around a year -RRB- , move to a food with a higher protein content . -LRB- To ease the puppy into a new diet , he suggested I start by mixing 1/4 cup new food with 3/4 old food for a few days , then half and half , etc -RRB- . He also recommended that I mix in a couple of tablespoons of canned food with some water , just to make the dry food moist . -LRB- He said the nutritional content of the canned food is n't as important , since the dry food will provide most of the substance , and that I can vary the canned food . -RRB- Finally , he also said that bully sticks are far better for dogs than rawhide -LRB- which are basically like eating leather -RRB- .
 Please do your research on pet foods and what is actually good for your dogs . Hills science diet is a horrible food filled with horrible ingredients . They charge an outrageous price because it 's the # 1 vet recommended food . This is a joke and the only reason why it 's rated # 1 buy vets is because Hills gives money to soon to be vets to help them go through school . Then they sell the dog food to them cheap so they can jack up the price and make a nice profit off of your marketing foolishness . Read the back of the labels of Hills brand and you will see that most of the top ingredients are grains or cheap meat by products which are the feathers , bones , unwanted organs from animals , basically all of the stuff we would n't eat . i would recommend going to -LSB- ... -RSB- and compare brands and see what is right for you budget wise . try something like orijen or evo .
 the fish tank arrived at the stated date , however the quality of the item was cheap . Not only was it poor quality , the item was advertised as a single 48 &#34; cover , the item i received was two 24 &#34; cover held together by a temporary tape . I requested to return the item , the return process is very laborious .
 I have 11 aquariums and this is the worst light I have . This product is so cheaply made , it does not stay lit , it is flimzy . The bulb had to be replaced the first day.I would not recommend this to anyone ,
 These pads are the worst on the market I truly believe . The only plus side and reason I ordered them were because of the tape that allows you to stick them to the floor or each other . There is only tape on two sides not four . The pee soaks through the pads and the pads remain wet and do n't dry like other brands . Also they are only good for one maybe two uses and I have a small dog 6lbs . They also do not stop the urine on the edges . They allow urine to run off the edges and onto the floor . I do not recommend this brand whatsoever they are a huge disappointment and a waste of money
 I have two 11-wk-old Shih Tzu puppies and they can tear this apart . This is just like post-it tissue paper and ca n't hold very much . I found a another brand in my local grocery store , it 's more expensive , but it 's worth it .
 Yup , this is not the pictured bag . It is inferior . The clip is weak . There is n't pockets on the side as pictured . Got the one pictured at PetSmart for $ 9.99 .
 The Biscuit Buddy that was sent to me was NOT the type pictured . The style in the picture is made of a high quality , thick , durable material . The pouch that was sent to me is flimsy , thin , and has none of the awesome features that the pouch in the picture has -LRB- no zippered pocket , no locking clip -RRB- . I have returned this product and requested an exchange for the style of pouches that are pictured , or a refund . I will leave more feedback after the exchange/return has been completed . I hope the company does not let me down.UDATE -LRB- 3/16/2010 -RRB- : Received my requested exchanged item , and to my extreme disappointment , it was exactly the same product I 'd received the first time . BEWARE
 The inner lining of this started ripping after only a month of use . I took it back and got a new one . It started ripping after about a month too .
 I bought one cause it looked like the best one to suit our needs , and now it has become a joke to us to see what falls apart or breaks on it each time we use use it !
 These pads are the worst on the market I truly believe . The only plus side and reason I ordered them were because of the tape that allows you to stick them to the floor or each other . There is only tape on two sides not four . The pee soaks through the pads and the pads remain wet and do n't dry like other brands . Also they are only good for one maybe two uses and I have a small dog 6lbs . They also do not stop the urine on the edges . They allow urine to run off the edges and onto the floor . I do not recommend this brand whatsoever they are a huge disappointment and a waste of money
 I have two 11-wk-old Shih Tzu puppies and they can tear this apart . This is just like post-it tissue paper and ca n't hold very much . I found a another brand in my local grocery store , it 's more expensive , but it 's worth it .
 This is a very cheap hood . And for 70.00 you would expect some quality . I am super upset about this hood . It is too high and looks silly on myu tank .
 I was hoping this would help my male German Shepard , but he is still miserable . I used this for 2 months and still he is scratching and biting himself . I 'll go back to getting him cortisone shots and hope that helps .
 This Stainless Steel MIRROR PET DISH 1QT 144 is exactly what it says it is , and is fine in and of itself . However , the huge advertisement sticker that covers the entire inner bottom of the bowl is impossible to remove without spending a good hour or so scrubbing it off . I actually had to soak it in nail polish remover , then scrub it no less than 12 times to fully remove the sticky residue . What a pain !
 This Stainless Steel MIRROR PET DISH 1QT 144 is exactly what it says it is , and is fine in and of itself . However , the huge advertisement sticker that covers the entire inner bottom of the bowl is impossible to remove without spending a good hour or so scrubbing it off . I actually had to soak it in nail polish remover , then scrub it no less than 12 times to fully remove the sticky residue . What a pain !
 Do n't let the star rating dissuade you , this is a great toy for a dog with a need to retrieve but who tends to lose tennis balls in the deep Maine snow . However , the tails supplied by KVpet had obviously been setting on a shelf for years as the ball part of the toy began breaking down within minutes . I chalk this up to inattention to stock rotation and to no fault in the toy design . Indeed , I am now playing with a tennis tail purchase several years ago in partnership with a hyperdog sling-shot as I write , a great combination in my wooded back yard . No my beef is with the supplier , not the tail .
 Well I purchased this for our hermit crab as a treat , but all it ended up being was a decoration for the cage . The crab has no interest in these treats , but perhaps crabs have different appetites from one another .
 I used about 1/4th of a 32-ounce bottle on a urine stain approximately 3 inches in diameter in my carpet . Although it did a great job of removing the yellow stain , the odor persists after three applications and much scrubbing and blotting . Urine Off does a better job of removing odor but sometimes leaves a brownish-yellowish stain ; Eco-88 removes both stains and odors but it is quite expensive . I would recommend Get Serious as a stain remover only .
 It discolors carpeting , making it completely worthless to me . Does a good enough job on odor removal -LRB- but so do many other products -RRB- . It does not deter animals from revisiting and remarking the site .
 Each pad is so thin that it can barely take one sqeezing . Paper towels are more absorbant than this product .
 These are way too expensive and are terrible . I have a small dog and the pads leak onto my wood floors constantly .
 i feel like this product is fake , coz i bought the same brand before -LRB- different seller -RRB- it was bigger and thick , but this one seems like so thin and smaller , and my dog doesnot want to pee on it .
 I have ordered from them 3-4 times this year since I got a puppy in May , and now my order from August - my latest box - is a rip off . It 's still `` four paws '' but it 's not the same kind of pad . The pads they used to send were the good kind that look and felt softer and actually worked . The new kind is thin and more coarse and does not absorb much at all . HUGE difference . It is much cheaper quality.This is a very sneaky move . They know that I wo n't bother sending it back because it 's not worth it to ship it and get what becomes a partial refund . I end up losing money . So you win , you can keep my money . But you wo n't be getting any more . If you had sent me the kind that I had always gotten from you , you would have had my business indefinitely . Now you ruined it . Enjoy this bad review.Oh yea , if you decide to do the right thing and send me the real product I wanted for free , I will take this down . I 'm not sure if Amazon allows you to delete a comment , but I will at the very least amend this one . But for now , everyone , DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT , as of September 2010 , they are selling the CHEAP VERSION .
 My latest shipment of Four Paws Wee-Wee Pads is a huge disappointment . I have been using them for years and this latest shipment is anything but absorbent . I have a five pound dog and find that I must change the pad four to five times a day . If they are of the sad illusion that it will make me buy more product they are sadly mistaken . Will find another vendor - Four Paws lost me as a client .
 I was disappointed in these pads , as they are thin and do not absorb very well . I find that the pad needs changing more frequently than others I 've used . After using these up , I will look for another brand that works better .
 I have been using Wee-Wee pads since 2005 for my small Shih Tzu dog and these were the best . I just ordered 2 boxes of 100 counts Wee Wee pads last week . When these boxes arrived , I notice that the box is half the size of the box I previously purchased . I opened the box right away and find the quality of the pads are terrible compare to the old wee-wee pads . The new box indicates ` New & Improved ' ` Now Quilted absorbs 10x its weight ! ' . That is absolutely not true and these are worse than the original wee-wee pads . I have to look for a better quality brand .
 I bought these pads to line the whelping box of a litter of 3 week old golden retriever puppies . They easily shred from their trimmed but still sharp nails . The Arm and Hammer brand at Target are about the same price and do not shred .
 This item was stated to be much more absorbent than the puppy wee-wee pads . I have purchased the puppy pads and they are much more absorbent the the adult ones . Do not waste your money on this product . Get the extra large wee-wee pads for puppy training for your adult dog .
 I 've been buying these pads for 10 years and have always spent the extra money because they were better quality . Unfortunately their new quilting design causes the liquid to spread more and so we go through pads much faster . The liquid also ends up on the floor much more often . After being a loyal customer and recommending these to everyone I know with a dog , I am going to take my $ 1000 a year that I spend on these pads elsewhere .
 For some strange reason , my two yorkie pups hate this style . As soon as I put it down in the holder they turn the pad into confetti ! The same company also makes `` pee pee '' pads and they have more of a quilted surface . I can use that style with out my two ripping it to shreds . I 'm hoping they will grow out of it and will try this style again on them later since I bought 100 .
 Be aware ... Four Paws has changed these pads . They are no longer the absorbent pads they once were . They are pretty worthless .
 I would like to continue to order however , these pads are the OLD version of wee wee pads . I have gotten the current pads which are quilted and much better absorbtion . I will continue to order from Amazon if I can get the newest pad , and it is the same price . If you can direct me to an outlet that sells the newest pads it would be apprectiated .
 I was so disappointed whe I received them . My puppy usd the fist one and it ran all over the floor and on to the carpet . There is no aborbance what so ever uless they are inthe midde of the pad . When you teach them how to do that please advice . I will never purchase this producy again ,
 THESE WEE WEE PADS ARE TERRIBLE AND A WASTE OF MONEY . Four Paws changed the way they make them within the last month or two and they are now the worst pads I 've used -LRB- I 've now tried 3 different kinds am starting with `` Little Stinkers '' today -RRB- . These used to be quilted but are now just stuffed unevenly in one big mess of a pocket . I called amazon to return these and they refunded my $ $ and told me to just keep them -LRB- but they are useless -RRB- . Here 's the problem -- since they are no longer quilted the pee just spreads out and wets the entire pad and all-to-often the floor too -LRB- I also get pee on my hands almost every time I go to pick them up -RRB- . One pad per pee is what you get from this new style -LRB- regardless of how much your puppy makes -RRB- . One bit of advice if you do buy these -- be careful when you pick them up !
 It seems that Four Paws has a new product formulation which I was looking forward to since recent shipments on the old formulation were often almost like seconds -- the batting/absorbency was inferior to the same product purchased for years . So , now there is a quilting or quilt-like formulation which is supposed to be better for absorbency . WRONG . I found now that the smell of urine is present after one use -LRB- which it never was before -RRB- and there is seepage since I have found several times the underneath -LRB- plastic -RRB- is wet with urine . I shall seek a new product ; shame on Four Paws .
 Picture it ... sick dog on a lot of medication and I leave home for an 8 hour day at the office . No matter what I do , she smells and knows the spot . And this hard wood flooring . You ask did it work ? GET SERIOUS !!! It did n't . I may not smell or see it . But she must because any sick moment , that 's where she goes .
 I normally am pretty happy with whatever I order via amazon.Though this product disappointed me.I really liked the image/color of the product and was lured in my the great reviews , butwhen the item arrived I got a bit disappointed . The quality is rather cheap , smells -LRB- to the point of my other , larger dog running away from it -RRB- , the material looks/feels rather flimsy -LRB- yes you can see through certain stitches and folds change color as to start getting brittle , which I hope wo n't happen ! The tires are cheap plastic , look weak and do n't turn well either . - as is the odd cup holder -RRB- The bottom piece is out of a thin piece of pliewood-ish cardboard to push into the bottom and the instructiions are quite bad ... -LRB- as remarked by many reviews of theese strollers -RRB- . The instructions also state that the max weight it 16 kgs to NOT put two or more then to pets in this stroller . . so if the max weight was 16 kgs -LRB- a lot -RRB- would it be still safe to have two pets in there that are way less ?? Because thats what I intended it for , after seeing my friend 's stroller -LRB- which was a better and more leak proof variety , better quality and sadly more pricy ... though sadly probably well worth it -RRB- . It is also advise to never lift the stroller with pets inside , as the basket is rather flippy and not locked in place besides on weak velcow latches . On the upside the color is pretty , the sizing is good and it comes with a free rain cover -LRB- not high quality/sturdy either , but an all right feature -RRB- . I will see how the stroller thing works out for me and the dog -LRB- 8 lb pomeranian , with health issues and seperation anxiety who seemed to like it -RRB- . Though should we like it , I probably will upgrade to a medium price variety with three wheels for easier movements -LRB- in fact , I wish I had ordered a three wheeler ! -RRB- . I would return this item but due to me having to asseble and unwrap everything prior to getting a good idea of it , I probably wo ' t be able to return unless I go through a lot of emailing and requesting first , since there was no invoice , packing slip OR return label on this item unfortunately . So I 'll save myself the trouble.all my frieds/dog did love it though ... I guess it will take some getting used to , probably best to get for that prize .
 What you get is two McCormick 's spice jars -LRB- exact same jars as used for spices -RRB- and two packets of bait . Add water and they will attract fruit flies , for about two weeks , when the bait will grow a thick , spongy greenish-white fungus.There is no poison involved - the fruit flies enter the spice jar through the holes , being attracted by the scent of the bait , but once they enter they are not smart enough to figure out how to get out , and eventually drown.About a week after I bought these traps , I used some apple cider vinegar and set the bottle aside . I noticed that many fruit flies were attracted to the bottle , where some vinegar had dribbled . The vinegar bottle was only a few inches away from the spice-bottle traps , so apple cider vinegar must be very appealing to fruit flies , as many flies ignored the trap and were attracted to the vinegar bottle instead.So I made my own simple and inexpensive trap by taking a small jar , punching a few holes in the top -LRB- about the diameter of a pencil -RRB- and adding apple cider vinegar . It works GREAT -LRB- as good as the commercial trap -RRB- , and the vinegar does not spoil or grow fungus , so it lasts a LONG time . And , the acid of the vinegar will actually dissolve the fruit flies -LRB- after about 12 hours -RRB- , so it does n't make this nasty mess.I give two stars -LRB- instead of one -RRB- because it works as described , but I would not recommend it to anyone .
 Was hoping this fruit fly trap was a cheaper alternative to the much more expensive trap sold by Gardener 's Supply Company . Cheaper is all I got ... requires you to add water . Yes , the trap worked for a couple -LRB- 3 -RRB- weeks , but the trap itself started smell 'n funky , so in the trash it went . Stink is not a problem with the more expensive `` dry '' type , lasts for 1 month , but mine worked for 2 months or more .
 Did n't work at all . We ended up using plain old fly paper with much better results . Very disappointing .
 This thing did n't work at all . Nothing caught . Fruit flies are still buzzing around my head .
 The fruit flies attracted by garden tomato processing and canning in my Florida kitchen this summer did n't seem to mind the presence of the `` Kitchen Fruit Fly Trap '' and went for the tomatoes instead . Really intelligent flies or maybe dumb product . Wo n't waste money again .
 The trap was place right next to where our fruit fly problem is , and it did n't catch a single one ! Very disappointed .
 Just crap ! Waste of money . We have lot of fruit flies . Its been two days ... NOT ONE was cought . This came with two plastic jars . So I placed at two busy spots . Not a fly !
 Even the minimum one star is too much to rate this product . It does absolutely NOTHING !! I purchased a competing product at the same time and that one worked.It trapped a bunch of them.With this product , out of two traps , NOT ONE fruit fly was trapped . NOTHING .
 I bought these cuz of my awful fruit fly problem , I got them and has been about a week and i think one fly went in it and died . I put a cup of kool-aid out and it has killed 100 times as many as my fruit fly traps . I would give these a half star pretty worthless
 The two Gerbs -LRB- gerbils -RRB- took care of this in a matter of a couple weeks . Why ca n't they make something unchewable ???? I wo n't buy another one , my Gerbs like to make their own burrows anyway .
 O.K. . So my pet rat Jelly Bean might be on the `` husky '' side , but he could n't fit into this igloo even if I put him on a carb free diet ! Even when i turned the igloo upside down and sat him in it , he filled the entire structure up completely ! -LRB- There is even a picture of a rat on this sized igloo -RRB- The idea of the igloo sounds good so i am going to order the Large one because he does love his hammock !
 i received this today and it was not the premier pictured and clearly stated , but instead the generic yellow refill . blatant false advertising . very unhappy to have to deal with returning something now .
 All this spray and collar taught my dog was to avoid the spray . In fact , she looks like a prize fighter bobbing & weaving to avoid being hit ! In addition , now she 's totally afraid of anything that we use in a spray form . This includes Chill Out and other beneficial -LRB- not punishing -RRB- products . I would try another form of training instead of this method .
 Just a warning that if you are buying from Absolutely Pets , you may not get your order . The money was wasted . They said it shipped and it did n't . Then they said it was returned to them b/c it was damaged in shipping and they would send it back to me . They did n't . They said they did send it back and then it was returned . I called again and they informed me that I would have to pay shipping to have it sent again and if I chose not to do that , I would have to pay a restocking fee on my order to get a refund -LRB- which was the same price as the item I purchased -RRB- . What a joke . I wish I had read the reviews on this c company first - they are NOT reliable .
 This product in conjunction with the gentle no bark collar are n't a good choice at all . The collar is difficult to load and does n't really work well . Plus the spray was n't really a deterant for my dog . The end result was my house smelled like freakish lemons and my dog kept right on barking .
 I love the collar and I love the spray that comes in the blue bottle - the ones that come in the yellow bottle/sprayer did n't work out . The spray would n't actually go into the collar for some reason - it just spritzed all over my hand when I would try to spray it into the collar . Not clear on what the issue was but it happened with the last three that I had .
 According to the directions on the bottle this product has to be applied daily . But according to the advertisement this product last one week . No where on the bottle does it says that it will last one week . The product works but the bottle do n't last for long . Not worth it !
 I was very excited to finally give my chinchilla this hideout but I opened it and two of the pegs were broken off , therefor the hut wo n't stay together !
 I bought three of these and all of them fell apart within a week . The wood split on some as well . I bought 4Lixit Guinea Pig Igloo Small Pet Homeand have 4Lixit Critter Space Podand these work great instead . If you are looking for something natural and not plastic maybe you can figure out a way to keep these together . The wood is the only positive thing I can think of about them , although I believe they are made of pine which seems weird because we are not supposed to use pine or cedar bedding for our rats so why pine homes ? I know a rat breeder who loves these and that 's why I got them , but I was not happy with them at all .
 The pieces of this hut do not stay together . I would not purchase it again and would n't recommend it to anyone .
 Bought these for my two adult chins . The male is tiny , but he was somewhat cramped in it and only used this until I added a fleece house - now he only uses this for a platform . It 's also not heavy or stable enough for them to use as a platform - on shavings it will tip slightly and startle them when they jump on it . Additionally , they jump on it with enough force that the top comes off daily , so eventually I had to nail it down so they would n't fall on it awkwardly.The female is much longer than the male , and she looked really uncomfortable in this whenever she had to turn around in it . She too abandoned it , and I did n't even give her an alternate nest box.I know the price is attractive , but now I have two houses that I 'm going to pull out and replace with more substantial , large boxes . I definitely do n't recommend this house type at all .
 My Apollo is a little bit bigger than many chinchillas , but I would still say that this hut is pretty small for a chin to sleep in . I also have concerns about the safety of this product , but my chin has n't really chewed on it . He enjoys sitting on it and somehow squeezing in through the door . I typically use it as a place to put his hay .
 I purchased this for my daughter 's birthday and we ended up disappointed . The box arrived broken down the middle . Before going to the trouble of buying one , just make it yourself ! It would certainly take less time .
 The chinchilla hut is tiny . Way too small even for small chinchillas . The size is perfect for rats . There is no bottom piece and the only thing useful for chinchillas is that they can chew on it . My chinchilla is big and poofy and he wont even go in it even though he wants to because he might get stuck . the house doesnt seem like a long lasting product just basic pine wood . Do not buy this house because you will regret it . It is way too small for chinchillas and they might get cramped or break their backs . Order a customized or bigger size house with the same type of wood not this . Not for chinchillas . He cant even go in it .
 My vet sells these and the dogs like them but there are too many bad ingredients like high fructose corn syrup and BHA to justify feeding these to my fur buddies . Why on earth use corn syrup for dogs when molasses could be used instead and has more nutrients . This is doggy junk food . No thanks .
 This is made of plastic , and if you know anything about chinchillas you know that they chew everything . Plastic will kill them . I thought i could watch them all the time i gave them a dust but in side there were still chew marks . So do not buy this . I went out and bought a Metal Cake pan . Sure it sucks at keeping the dust in but i would rather dust the house then bury one of my boys .
 This hamster cage is terribly noisy . The cage is so noisy that I have to move it to the living room . It does the job , which is minimal and pretty much expected . The cage is pretty flimsy and the parts fit loosely on . Cleaning is convenient but it does n't make the product good . I do n't recommend this if you have/are planning on getting a Teddy Bear -LRB- Syrian -RRB- hamster because its just not big enough . I do however , suggest that you just go with a good old fashion glass tank or if you really feel like shelling out the big bucks , get the HabiTrail OVO .
 I bought this cage for my daughter 's new pet mice . Less than an hour after the two mice were living in their new home , one crawled out around the door opening . The gap between the cage door and stationary wire was big enough for them to escape . There was no way to bed the wires closer together to fix this gap . Luckily the store exchanged the cage for another one since I discovered the problem so soon.I would not recommend this product to be used to house mice . It would be ok for a regular hamster or rat .
 this is too small for a regular hamster to happily live in , so i connected it to another cage with the tubes . most of the critter trail stuff i had shipped to me , including all tubes , were broken . they were easy to repair , but some are permanently stuck shut now and others fall apart easily . and they 're pretty hard to clean . maybe it would be better for mice or mini gerbils .
 I have two border collies which I purchased this stuff for ; one sheds a lot and the other has dry skin . Both of my dogs are healthy eaters and both of them walked away from their food bowls . This never happens with them . I had one pick the food out that had the oil on it and then she eventually gave up and walked away.I have a whole gallon of this stuff and tried to return it . EntirelyPets told me they ca n't take it back since it 's been opened . Looks like I 'll be pouring this stuff down the toilet !
 I was really disappointed with this product . My dog is actually shedding more after I bought this . Do not recommend at all . I want to returne it .
 Initial review Oct 2010
 I have a large dog weighing 80 pounds . I have always chosen the mega tablets . It would have been nice if they would have informed you that they were NOT mega tablets , very sneaky with picture advertised
 I bought this because my ferret Lola likes to be around the house freely playing with my cats all day until is bedtime . I needed something with a bell to now where she is at all times . This collar comes of easily . She takes it out even though I tried thigh it in up almost to the point of choking her lol it did not work . Her head is smaller than her neck so she easily push it out of her neck . I do not recomment this collar or any collar for a ferret .
 I bought this because my ferret Lola likes to be around the house freely playing with my cats all day until is bedtime . I needed something with a bell to now where she is at all times . This collar comes of easily . She takes it out even though I tried thigh it in up almost to the point of choking her lol it did not work . Her head is smaller than her neck so she easily push it out of her neck . I do not recomment this collar or any collar for a ferret .
 We have two gerbils , Guinness and Harp . Even though this product is colorful and appealing , it is better to get a 40 gallon tank with a hardware cloth lid . The gerbils chew diligently on the tubes and will eventually escape .
 most of the critter trail stuff i had shipped to me , including all tubes , were broken . they were easy to repair , but some are permanently stuck shut now and others fall apart easily . and they 're pretty hard to clean .
 for the first 6months of my golden retrievers life we used no flea and tick meds and as summer came around and he was 7months we applied his first dose . After the 2nd month of treatments he had his first hot spot , which was really bad . Knowing `` hot spots '' are common in long hair dogs I did n't think anything of it . After the 3rd treatment 2 more hot spots , and he stopped eating for over a week . 4th treatment hot spots , not eating , muscle spasms in his hind end . 5th treatment , same as above plus he lost all of the hair on his tail . We started to think it was either the advantix or the heart worm meds . At the advice of our breeder she suggested to stop the advantix . WOW what a scary time . It was definitely the k9 advantix . I know these meds are poison , but never thought all of these awful reactions would happen . If you are having problems please do some research on this product as I did , and you will find the same sort of side effects I have experienced with my dog . I 'm very lucky that my dog is recovered and back to normal , and we only use a totally natural product with essential oils . Some owners were not so lucky and have lost there pets . PLEASE USE CAUTION WITH THIS PRODUCT
 I will never purchase this product again , within 2 hours my Chocolate Lab was having an allergic reaction and within 5 hours my Black Lab was having an allergic reaction . The worst 2 days of my life !
 This is the worst flea product I have ever used . It was expensive and did NOT WORK AT ALL . My poor dogs now have to suffer for a month because this stuff did n't work and needs to run its very ineffective course . I feel so bad for them . I was hoping this product would be as effective as its competitors -LRB- same price range , but boasted repelling mosquitoes and whatnot -RRB- but , as I stated earlier , did NOT WORK for my dogs -LRB- they 're both weimaraners -RRB- .
 There is no reason on earth for this product to exist . Regardless on where one stands on the use of shock collars , invisible fencing , etc. , teaching a down-stay to a dog is not rocket science . With this product , the dog is shocked when he ventures away from the bed . This in and of itself is unnecessary and inhumane . But add to that the fact that dogs associate things that happen concurrently , and you 've got the makings of much bigger problems than a faulty `` stay . '' The dog could easily be looking at , let 's say , your child when he gets shocked , thus associating the two . This can set up a dangerous dynamic . Even if the dog is not looking at a particular person when receiving an electronic correction , this type of punishment could easily create fear or aggression issues . PLEASE consider simply training your dog instead of taking this seemingly easy way out . Training a solid down-stay is NOT very difficult , and you wo n't be risking creating much bigger problems .
 Let me be honest , with full disclosure -- I am a professional animal trainer . I write this , not from a pet owner 's perspective , but as a professional.That said , I can not imagine a single situation where I could ever find a use for this item . Using treats and a soft voice , I taught a hyperactive shelter dog to lie quietly on a mat within a few minutes as part of a demonstration last week -- it should n't take any longer to train a family pet the same thing . I travel with my own dogs and `` park '' them on mats regularly at demonstrations or inside hotels , using our own blankets , towels , etc. ; no need for an expensive gadget or special collars.At the foundation , I find it incredible that this company thinks it necessary to use electric shock to teach a dog to relax in its own home or alongside its human . This is a sign of a deeper problem which might be disguised , but never solved , with batteries and gadgets . This is the ultimate in overpriced `` quick-fix '' equipment , while for less than the cost of this mat , a pet owner could hire private training with a professional to teach more than a simple down on a mat .
 Safe and Comfortable ? What 's comfortable about electrocution ? It will surely cause more problems than it could possibly solve . A few treats and a few minutes will have any dog place trained , while this claims to take 2 weeks to train . So not only is it inhumane , it does n't save time or money . You do n't need to harm your dog . There 's loads of great POSITIVE training books or videos that could be purchased for much cheaper . Save your money and your dog from this atrocity !
 There is no need whatsoever for a product like this . Teaching a dog a down stay is a very easy thing to do without need for punishment of any kind . If you are even considering a product like this , imagine the following scenario . A child approaches a dog on this mat and the dog gets up to greet them just as the child reaches for the dog . The dog is `` statically corrected '' -LRB- otherwise known as being shocked -RRB- and associates the shock with the child . The dog can become fearful of , or aggressive towards the child . There are several books and DVDs on Amazon that can safely help you teach a down stay to your dog without punishment . Please consider spending your money on them instead . If you are having problems with your dog , please consider the services of a good , qualified , trainer .
 As a Certified Professional Dog Trainer , I am rendered speechless at the thought of this inhumane product being offered on the market.One of the many problems I see with the product , is that how easily it could cause a dog to become fearful or even aggressive . It is impossible to predict what the dog might associate the shock with and consequently become aggressive or fearful . Perhaps it 's the child in the room or another beloved pet.I do n't even want to think about the torture that the use and misuse of this product could subject dogs to.Let 's give dogs credit for being intelligent creatures . A down stay is not hard to teach . It 's not the dogs here who lack intelligence . Please take this product off the market .
 Why not call it the `` terrorize your dog '' mat ? Aversion training never , ever works as well as positive reinforcement ; you need n't be a professional trainer to know that . This mat should be taken off the market immediately .
 There is a reasonable and rational argument for using shock collars & treatment - when you want to CREATE fear in an animal to prevent a behavior . Some trainers use it for `` snake-proofing '' when the possibility of encounters w / venomous snakes are likely , such as those living in the SW or other infested areas . This creates an `` aversion '' or fear of the thing that is paired with the shock . And yes , previous reviewers noted the potential for an accidental pairing which happens very commonly & easily with shock use . These have to be used by experienced dog trainers with care & diligence!Apart from a life-threatening situation , I can think of NO reason to use shock mechanisms & even then , there are usually reward-based alternatives . Do you really WANT to create a fearful and aversive situation for your dogs rest time ? If so , please seek mental health treatment immediately ! Amazon offers many books that explain positive training techniques and how dogs learn . I highly recommend Culture Clash by Jean Donaldson which is just one such book offered that will help teach FUN and scientifically proven teaching techniques that you & your dog will LOVE .
 What an overpriced , unnecessary piece of `` training '' equipment . Whatever happened to training your dog - it does n't take long with treats , clicker or other POSITIVE rewards . If you do n't have time to spend teaching your dog the right way to behave , then you do n't have time for a dog . This is definitely a one-star `` I hate it '' item .
 I gave this item 1 star only because i did not have the choice to give it a negative star !!! how can anyone even consider using such a product ? might as well strap your dog in a strait jacket and chain it to the wall rather than giving is a shock for moving . what happens if a child is in the room and does something that makes the dog move and the dog learns the shock comes from the kid -- very serious problem there . how about just training your dog to ` down/stay ' .
 There is no other word for it ... this is just horrifying . I cant imagine doing anything so cruel in the name of keeping a pet in one place .
 I am a Professional Dog Trainer and I am sickened over this product . This is cruelty to animals plain and simple and speaks to the laziness of our culture . Only someone too lazy to train their dog would even remotely consider this product . Anyone who would use this should not have any living creature in their care .
 Believe the product name/description ... they are mini ! They are only about 1.5-2 '' in length . Not worth 20 cents a piece
 I should have read the other reviews more carefully before purchasing these for our Australian Shepard . These bones are so tiny he just looks ridiculous with them . Even more , I have to watch him with them because they are so small that I am worried they are going to get lodged in his throat while he is trying to eat them -LRB- which takes less than 5 minutes -RRB- .
 The inner bag in the packaging was ripped open , so bones were everywhere upon opening . The inner bag looked like it had been sealed at one time and cleanly cut open . Thought I was buying new bones ? Also , I feel the price is a bit high .
 Ridiculously overpriced for how mini they are ... could have bought a bag of these at Target for less than $ 10 .
 Great timely shipping . The rawhide was very thin and brittle . Other rawhide bones of this nature that I have purchased before from other vendors have been a littler thicker for the same dollar value .
 I have received several orders of the 2x180 Duralactin tablets . They are shipped quickly by the reseller and packaged well enough , but each of the last few bottles has had several broken or crushed tablets . The previous shipment had more than six smashed pills , and the bottle I checked at random in my most recent order had only 177 pills out of 180 . That may sound like I got 98 percent of my order , but to me it sounds like I got my Big Mac with a bite taken out of it . It 's a day 's worth of pills for my dog . The vendor needs to consider if he should send out a free bottle of 60 tablets for every ten of the 180 's a customer orders ! And Duralactin needs to figure how to deliver 180 pills , when that 's what they say they 're selling !!
 My dog is big and likes to chew . He would n't take this at first . It has a weird odor to him . It 's made in China , so it could possibly not be made of a typical farm animal or has a weird preservative coating ... ? The braid design is cool though .
 there must be a smell or something as my dog has n't touched it . He usually eats them up esp if I get them from the pet store . but this must have had a smell or something because he wo n't go near it .
 This bones seemed like a great deal but I should 've known when they said `` mini '' that they were INCREDIBLY SMALL ! I have a 20 lb small dog who loves bones but he devoured these in five minutes . If you have a dog who eats bones really slow then they might work OK but I would go with something a bit bigger .
 When I first saw this package , I thought the outside of these bones would be able to be broken down once my dogs began chewing them and their saliva helped to break them down . After opening the package I found they are as hard as stone and , I 'm sure , if chewed vigorously , a dog might even break a tooth on these . As for the marrow stuffing , who would be able to access it inside such a long shin shank ? My dogs struggled with trying to get as much out as they possibly could -LRB- about an inch and a half -RRB- then began tossing the hard bones around in frustration . NO , I am calling the manufacturer to see if they will reimburse me or I 'll try to return them to where I bought them .
 ... but they ARE harder than dog 's teeth . It is the only toy my dog has that is harder than a Nylabone , and today the vet discovered she has a lateral crack through her largest molar when he cleaned her teeth . It is now in the trash , and she will never get anything harder than a Nylabone or Kong again as long as she lives , no matter how much more they cost or how quickly she destroys them ... : - -LRB-
 I bought this for my 90 lbs Catahoula American bull dog . He is very strong , and he broke it in few minutes . Moreover , he eats about anything , but he was not too thrilled with the stuffing inside . He didnt even eat it and went back to playing with his kong . So , honestly , my dog eats everything , its not worth the price . I would pay $ 2 for it , if I had too .
 I bought 2 clamp-on lamps and 2 guards . The guards do n't fit the lamps . I asked for authorization to return the guards , but the company charges an 18 % re-stocking fee and does n't pay for return shipping -LRB- almost $ 13 -RRB- , so it would have cost more to return the guards than I paid for them . I ended up attaching the guards to the lamps with nylon cable ties . An aggravating and imperfect solution . I do not recommend this company .
 My seller , I chose , stated this came with 3 - 15 watt tubes and an aluminum reflector . Both of which was false . It did come with one tube which looks used by the darkness on both ends of the tube . The `` reflector '' is a piece of white plastic which my current one has . Over time , this plastic becomes very brittle and pieces have actually fell into the water . I guess they do n't make quality like they use to .
 I was definitely sceptical to give these to my small dogs for fear of them choking even a large dog would probably swallow whole with out a care in the world . But a good portion of the bag are pieces less than and 1 '' so in my opinion a choking hazard .
 These are the worst `` bully '' bites I 've ever purchased . They seem to be like the scraps of the batch and they have an extremely unpleasant odor . Also , the bites size pieces in the advertised picture do n't look like what I got . Last , but not least , the price is too high ...
 This stuff really works but unless you want your home smelling like a terrible chemical industrial plant do not use it for indoor plants . I tested it out by spraying it on my cats favorite plant and brought a piece back inside . He instantly sneered . This is wonderful and I am so glad it works ! I just wish it did not smell so bad because now I can not bring my plants back inside until they air out . I hope the sun does not kill them !
 I should have known when I saw my cats batting the can around like it was a toy that this was n't going to be very effective cat repellant.The odor was tolerable , in fact I hardly noticed it unless I was right on it . My girlfriend who is fussier then I am said it smelled horrible . I do n't know . I barely noticed it.What I did notice was the fact that my cat 's completely ignored the stuff . I sprayed it on our door to keep them from rushing to the door when we open it . When I cam home from work , ran right up like always.I 'm giving this product one star because it seems to have no effect whatsoever on my cats .
 My 25 lb . cocker/eskimo had this toy shredded in less than a day . Granted , she does tend to chew her toys up , but I wrongly assumed from the other reviews that this one just might last ... not so !!! If your dog tends to chew up toys , this is not the toy for you !
 My 9 month old labrador loved this toy but in only a couple of hours itcame apart and she tore an eye off . I might be able to re-sew it but I would n't recommend it for a dog that likes to chew things . I have a Dr. Noy soft toy that has held up much better .
 I bought this product and it was delivered with speed to my house , however the cheap plastic tabs that hold the front of it together broke apart as i was setting it up ... . WITH NO EFFORT ! not really pleased about this .
 I had the same experience as the other reviewer , Xavier . The cheap plastic clips that hold the front hinged hood broke off with little effort .
 I was trying to try something you for my birds I purchase this but once I give it to them they will need it for some reason so sometimes these birds I think they want to eat what they used to and of wasting my money and i throw it away
 Be aware that this probe pack does n't fit the Petsafe PIF-275-19 Wireless Radio Collar , even though it `` implies that it does . `` Just under item 's description there is a section , `` Frequently Bought Together . '' This has the PIF 275 in that section suggesting they can be bought together . It 's obviously an over site and only a $ 3 one at that but it 's not worth the effort ... The black plastic plates that fit under the probes are NOT SLANTED like the PIF-275 requires . I hope this helps someone not to make the same mistake . I wish someone had put this in the reviews earlier .
 I should have read the reviews before buying , but I could n't imagine why this product would n't fit all collars since it states it on the description . If you have the collar with the slanted washers , this pack will NOT work with it . Returning the product today .
 I also have the angled washers and the collar probes are black plastic cones Witt the metal contact at the very end.Luckily , I had to purchase a new collar , and found a customer service number on the back :800 -732 -2677 . M-F - 8am-8pm / Sat . 9 am - 5I spoke to someone who identified the correct part I needed . The pack came with two probes and two washers . Hooray !!!!
 The interior space is less than 11 '' ... . I guess when they gave the size they meant the fabric before it was sown together ... . there is no way my 40 lb terrier get fit in there ... It is well made just very untruthful about the sizing in their ad ... I am saving it to re-gift for Xmas to someone with a cat ...
 I was very disappointed with this purchase . The bed does not have nearly enough filling in it . I have ceramic tile and when my dachshund goes into it she sinks to the floor . No , she is not one of those grossly overweight ones that you see waddling around town . LOL I guess if you have padded carpeting then the bed would be fine but if you are planning on using this bed on hard surfaces then I do n't recommend it .
 product shows tunnel top standing up . . well it dosent . . my dog wont even lay on it ... donated to charity . . save your money
 1 . I bought this bed totally because of the hood , which is shown standing up on its own . The only problem is that it does not stand up on its own . My two little dogs lie on top of the whole thing with the hood folded under them . If I had known this , I never would have bought it.Obviously if your pet -LRB- like mine -RRB- does not burrow , this bed will not fulfil its advertised function .2 . A second issue is the fleece , which is cheap and sheds easily . After only 3 days of use , the bed is covered all over with tiny bits of it.If my pooches learn to burrow , I will follow up with a review of the bed 's durability and washability . -LRB- In the meantime , anyone know how to teach a dog to burrow ? -RRB-
 this bed was significantly smaller than expected -LRB- from size listed and PRICE -RRB- ... Also , my dog found the surface uncomfortable and scratched at it immediately . The fabric did not hold up and it had a hole in it by the end of the day . I am disappointed .
 This pet bed was pretty good quality from what I could tell when I first got it . The size was perfect for a smaller dog . I have a chihuahua mix and it 's slightly too big for him.However , the real test came when I let him sleep in it . He figured out how to use it in no time , but my little beast likes to play with his beds too . The bed did n't last a week before he ripped it to shreds . Most of the filling is out and the zippers were ripped off -LRB- which is a nice feature -RRB- . This might be a great bed for a gentle dog , but not for one that likes to rip things apart.I just wish this bed was more durable . It feels like a waste of money and would not purchase again ; at least for my dog . It might work for yours .
 I bought this and my terrier loves it . It does have some issues . The piling from the fleece ends up all over . It 's a bit smaller than advertised and the flap above it does n't cover much . I was thinking about buying another one since my cats like to also try to cram in there with the dog . Since they did n't have a large in this item I found the Snoozer Cozy Cave which also comes in large and xlarge . Night and day in quality and durability . The top flap covers more and it has a plastic insert across it that keeps the flap in place . This one can be washed in the wash machine unlike the Petmate . It 's expensive on Amazon but I found the LARGE for 59.00 including handling from Drs. Foster & Smith . Well worth every penny . The dog and both cats can easily fit in it .
 I have an 11 pound mini dachshund who LOVES to cuddle under the covers . She has her own fleece blanket that is always with her , and she 's always under it ! -LRB- The couch , her crate , the floor , anywhere . -RRB- I 've been looking for a dog bed for my bedroom - the navy color of this bed matched my bedroom well and it seemed to be stylish and good quality . Once I read the rave reviews about how so many dogs -LRB- particularly dachshunds -RRB- loved this bed , I ordered it.Well , it is quite cute and good quality and looks very nice in my bedroom ... empty . My little Rosie explored it , but would n't stay in it . The padding in it is SO thick , it 's really kind of ridiculous . At 11 pounds she really was n't even causing the padding to sink much , and as she crawled in and tried digging around , as soon as her weight got off center the bed would fall to its side . Plus the drape on top of the bed that 's supposed to act as a cover does n't give much - there 's basically enough there for her to just crawl in and lie down . Not enough fabric flex for her to stand in the bed and find a comfortable spot . Plus , once she 's in it , there is n't even enough fabric to completely cover her - it lies on top of her , but does n't fall down to the bed padding on the other side of her , it just kind of floats there so you can clearly see her under it , so she is n't completely covered like she likes to be . Not to mention there 's really only one way to lie in it - curled up . She ca n't stretch out or really even roll over or turn around . Once she 's in it , she 'd have to get completely out and go back in to be able to change positions.She was n't a big fan , and I ca n't say I blame her . She definitely likes to burrow , and this bed really does n't allow that . I 'll stick to a `` normal '' dog bed with her fleece blanket on top . I do n't think she 'd have it any other way .
 The product does not have enough filling to make in comfortable . I have two doxies -LRB- Miniature and standard -RRB- when they get i the beds the stuffing is just not enough to give cushion . The beds get flat and you can actually feel the floor underneath .
 This bed seemed great at first . My doggie is 12lbs and walked right in . She seemed happy but had a problem staying in the bed . Her problem was getting comfortable in it and she seemed to slip off the center of the bed into the edge between the padded portion and the hood . I tried and tried to help her get back up onto the bed , but she just kept slipping back down . Needless to say the bed is in the closet , and her new bed -LRB- $ 9.99 at CVS Pharmacy , just down the street -RRB- is in it 's place . She loves it and has no trouble sleeping now . Sorry I bought this bed and hope you do n't have the same problem if you buy it .
 Got this bed for my little minpin who loves to burrow . Was great at first but within a months time was lumpy and uneven and substantially less fluffy . I would say that there was not enough fill in this bed and what was there was of poor quality . Bought a new bed a costco that is holding up great !
 Poorly filled and not durable . The filling in this bed is almost instantly compacted . Disgraceful . After only a month with an 11 lb dog , I had to go to the fabric and buy more filler and fill it myself . I wo n't order another .
 This bed looks as pictured , but is for a smaller dog -LRB- less than 12/13 lbs . My dog is a 19 lb . rat terrier and barely fits inside . She loves to burrow , but not inside this bed . I think the padding could be better also .
 My cats love burrowing , love sitting on fabric of mine , but they have zero interest in this . I ca n't complain much about the quality , but I ca n't give it the same rating as something they love playing with -LRB- like their cat tree or scratching post -RRB- . One thing I thought could be better was more room to burrow in . With all the fluffing materials in the bottom and size of the cover , there did n't seem much room to nuzzle inside , they preferred the cavernous grocery paper bags . This ended up being a waste of space that I gave away for free .
 A friend was browsing this item on my iPad . He is n't familiar with the iPad and ending up ordering the product to be shipped to my home in Florida . But I 'm not in Florida for another 2 months so this is a real problem . How was he able to order without entering my password ? Liver Biscotti is n't going to keep well on my front steps in the hot sun of southern Florida . I guess this is more of an Amazon problem than this vendor 's problem . It is much too easy for someone unfamiliar with the device to make an order .
 We bought this to shave the winter coat off of our miniature horse . The blades dulled in minutes ! We could not finish the job . I would n't recommend this product for use as an `` equine clipper . ''
 no era lo que esperaba , no tiene la fuerza ni para rapar el gato
 I ordered this , and the 25 inch burrow bed at the same time , thinking the 25 '' would hold my older cat , and this would work for my younger , smaller cat . No such luck . The bed barely makes 17 '' , and is so over stuffed and stiff , I ca n't imagin any cat would find it comfortable.Not only would my younger cat not even attempt to get in it , she could n't fit . She barely weighs 9 lbs , and a very lean kitty she is , but also a very long one as it turns out . She could n't turn around , nor sprawl out as she likes to do on my bed . If you consider your cat even remotely ` average ' sized , do yourself a favor and spring for the 25 '' bed .
 This purchase was a big disappointment . The bed I received was overstuffed , making it impossible for a pet to lie on it -- the stuffing rolls them off the bed . This makes it totally unusable for my 5 # chihuahua much less the larger cats.The photo shows a much less stuffed model . When I get the time , I 'll rip open a seam and pull half the stuffing out and re-sew .
 The ` roof ' part of this bed is really flimsy . It will not stay up , so my dog just lies on top of it like any bed . Maybe cats will burrow into it , but the photos make it look like it 's a bit more cave-like than it is . Construction otherwise is okay , but if you really want something your pet can crawl into , rather than on top of , keep looking .
 Bed isnt as big as it said it was , defiantely a smaller bed and if you have an small cat or dog 8 inches or longer then its definately not the bed for you , because it will be to small to fit them into it . I would suggest buying a different bed or a larger size even if you think you have a really small dog .
 There was so much stuffing in this bed that it was more like a round ball . I tried to `` flatten '' it by putting a 5-pound bag of flour in it , but that did n't work . There was no way a small dog would have been able to get into the bed and stay there very easily . I finally removed the pillow , removed the stitching to open it up and took half the stuffing out -- resewed and put back in . That was much better and my little puppy was able to get in the bed . I saved the extra stuffing to make a second pillow , either as a replacement or as a second bed if I get additional material to cover it.Don ' t know if mine was faulty and just overstuffed , but certainly was n't very practical as it was received .
 i have a small chihuahua dog and i assumed this would be perfect size for her ... and to my surprise this bed actually came up a lot smaller than i expected and my dog can barely fit in there i have no clue how a cat can fit in there.on the cardboard picture you get with the bed shows a puppy dog sleeping on it . OKAY no where on here does it show us thisnot recommended for average sized cats and description is misleading
 My 4 lb . Chihuahua loves this bed . She loves to sleep on top of it just as much as snuggled inside . I tucked a soft blanket under the top flap to make it even more appealing . Sometimes i ca n't even see her tucked inside of the bed !
 This bed is very small . My 7lb min pin does n't fit inside . Returning and will try to find a bigger one . Used to have one and she loved it .
 I have a small 12lb dog and she could not fit in this at all . The concept is great , but the sizes seem to run small , and it seemed a little poorly made . Not bad , but not great either . Thankfully amazon let me return this without making me pay for the shipping - and gave me a full refund . We were able to get a round bed with suede on the outside and same fleecy wool type stuff on the inside at Meijer for almost half the price . The bottom bedding comes out so we just tuck one end of a nice fleece blanket underneath it , put it back in and it works realitively the same .
 Awkward construction - the pillow portion is really thick , and then it 's very small in diameter , so its tippy . I 've tried it with 3 different cats , and they all hate it . Do n't waste your money .
 I got this product in the mail and thought my poor kitty would suffer from fleas no more ! However what i got in the mail was something that smelled like skunk ! I used to intern at a vet clinic and Frontline always smelled like chemicals . So I was very upset . Like other people this product had the application tubes with drastically different volumes and smelled like skunk to boot ! I just asked for my money back and instead bought from a trusted vet !
 I purchased Frontline Plus for cats -LRB- 6Pack -RRB- I have three cats and the first 3 applicators worked fine and I noticed that for about a month I did not see any fleas on the cats . Today I found 2 fleas on one of my cats and decided to re apply Frontline to all three . I removed the applicators from their packaging and snipped off the end and when I went to apply on the cat the entire foil back of the applicator came off and just got all over my hands - nothing on the cat . This happened with all three applicators.I have contacted Merial to see what can be done , but they do not always warranty items sold by sites like Amazon and Ebay . I am going to send my receipt and the defective packaging - it is worth a try.I would hope Amazon could do something , I am not sure which route to take to get a refund or replacement . I 'm thinking maybe a poor review might catch their attention.Not very pleased with the results with Frontline at this point . My cats are all indoors and I should not still see fleas after using this .
 I have been using this for years , and have several cats . This year , it DID NOT work at all , and I have wasted over 150.00 on this product . It does not work AT all . Now , I am going to have to take all of them to vet , and get fleas removed from our home ! Total waste of money , and no recourse apparantly ? I am not sure what they changed in this product , but it is not the same , and I wish they had informed customers like myself , who have been using this for years . Now , I am going to be spending hundreds of dollars to get rid of the fleas!Merial Frontline Plus Flea and Tick Control for Cats and Kittens , 6 Doses
 I need to protect my cat from the massive deer tick population in the Hudson Valley . Going on week 4 of my most recent application of Frontline Plus
 I have bought Frontline Plus for my cat from Sams Club and Amazon and I must say it is a complete waste of money . By week 2 my cat always gets fleas . I thought the first time I bought it `` Its just a fluke , I will try it again because some people have had great results '' ... . boy was I wrong . I had to fumigate my house TWICE ! I now use Advantage for Cats and it works wonderfully .
 I tried this product twice this summer on my three cats . I rescued a stray and ended up with fleas in the house . I dosed all three of them on two different occasions . It did n't even slow the fleas down at all and the problem got worse and worse . I tried the Advantage II for cats and all three of them stopped scratching within 24 hours . It has been three weeks and still no fleas . I am not sure what is going on with the Frontline Plus , I have used it for years and it worked great , but this year it was a total waste of money .
 This stuff used to work , but not anymore . I battled fleas for almost a year using this , combing , bathing , vacuuming , and diatomaceous earth on the carpet.Finally I used Capstar tabs and within an hour all the fleas were dead .
 I bought Frontline plus for cats at the beginning of the summer . Then spent the entire summer battling fleas . It seemed to have absolutely no effect . I was afraid to put another product on them so I bathed and bombed . We spent the summer frantic . I finally found CapStar - combined it with Advantage and we have peace .
 A few years ago , I would have given Frontline 5 stars . It always worked quickly and I never had a flea problem , even when I was fostering kittens that would come home crawling in fleas . Some Frontline and boom -- the fleas would be gone!In the past year or so , I 've been disappointed to find that Frontline no longer works as well as it once did , if at all . I do n't foster any more but I have four indoor cats . I work with dogs and live in a dog friendly building so there 's always a possibility that a flea will manage to catch a ride into my apartment.A few weeks ago , I noticed a small amount of flea dirt on two of my cats and an increase in scratching . I got some Frontline right away and dosed them . A few years ago , this would have been enough to stop the problem immediately but my cats still are itching and I 've seen a live flea on more than two occasions . Luckily I do n't have an infestation -LRB- I 've also been using food grade DE -RRB- but I 'm eager to kill the remaining straggler fleas as soon as possible to avoid having to take an even more chemical laden approach and flea bomb my very small apartment.I 'm going to be switching to Advantage , hopefully that will take care of the problem that Frontline could n't .
 The Frontline Plus for cats that I bought from Amazon met most , but not all , of the criteria that the US EPA says should be used to spot counterfeit or illegally imported products . See the EPA `` Counterfeit Pesticide Products for Dogs and Cats '' info at -LSB- ... -RSB- Another source of information -LRB- of unknown reliability -RRB- is -LSB- ... -RSB- My suspicion is that the product I received from Amazon was manufactured by Merial but not for sale in the US , as the accompanying information sheet did not contain US emergency phone numbers , nor did it have an EPA registration number on the box . Also , our cat threw up minutes after applying the product received following applications in two successive months -LRB- yes , I applied it as directed to the skin between the shoulder blades -RRB- . Having lived with cats for 20 years , I 'm no stranger to cleaning up kitty upchuck , but the coincidence did cause me to begin to research this subject . I also have no medical or legal expertise in this area , so these are just my observations as a concerned co-habitator with cats.I strongly recommend that Amazon should take steps to ensure that the Frontline products it sells are genuine and EPA approved for sale in the US . Otherwise , I 'll buy elsewhere from sources that do make that effort and also offer a 100 % refund guarantee . They are not hard to find .
 I have to concur with other reviewers who have given this product a low rating . I 've been using Frontline Plus for many years on my cats and dogs , and it has always worked effectively . I had always purchased the product at Petco and paid twice as much as the price offered on Amazon . I decided to order online through Amazon , and what I received was a product that is slightly different than the product advertised on the Amazon website . I ordered Frontline Plus 6 doses as shown on this Amazon page
 I 've used this product for years but for some reason this time the stuff did n't kill the fleas . I had to wait a month and then use another product that did work .
 I purchased 3 packs of 6 doses to guarantee that my four cats would be flea-free throughout the summer . However , the cats were scratching obsessively with hidden fleas darting in and out of their fur . I spoke with three different veterinarians who independently confirmed my suspicions - because frontline has not varied its formula the fleas have developed a resistance to this drug . I noticed that Frontline has a `` satisfaction guaranteed '' label , so I decided to inquire , but I must unequivocally state that they work hard to guarantee dissatisfaction . After two lengthy conversations with frontline personnel stating that they have not had `` any '' complaints they finally stated that their drug is guaranteed to get rid of the eggs , but not the fleas . They would not give reimbursement unless you had given your cat at least three monthly doses and your receipt had to demonstrate that you purchased that amount and the purchase date occurred at least three months before the date of this phone inquiry . Luckily , I had my ducks in a row and submitted an invoice with all the information they requested - only to be called and told that they will not provide any reimbursement if you purchased frontline from AMAZON.com since its a warehouse -LRB- ????? -RRB- You ca n't win - the telephone operator 's job is to ensure that your dissatisfaction is guaranteed . The vets did recommend Vectra , which is the company that last altered its formula - it has worked wonders and my cats can now sleep in peace .
 I usually do n't write reviews since there are enough of them about any one product , but I felt obligated to share my poor experience with Frontline Plus . I purchased the product from my vet and made certain that it had not been expired . I have kept the six-pack under the recommended storage conditions and have applied it correctly to two cats twice . The cats did not have many fleas to begin with . The product has not worked on either cat , one 9 lbs. , the other 11 lbs . I found live fleas on one of the cats , fat and happy , within three days after the first application . I applied the product for the second time only two weeks later , with the same result . I have brand new carpets and I know it ca n't be infested.These are either some &Uuml;ber - Fleas Nietzsche would have been proud of , or most probably , there is something wrong with the product .
 We have used Frontline for several years with our cat and had great results until a few months ago . In spite of regular monthly use , we have developed a huge and horrible flea infestation . Fleas jumping on our 8-month old baby . The cat got tape worms from ingesting the fleas ... you get the idea , it was nasty.When I went to the vet to ask what to do , I was informed that they no longer recommend Frontline because it has lost its effectiveness and no longer works in our area -LRB- northwest -RRB- . Apparently fleas become resistant over time.Based on the huge number of fleas and flea eggs shedding off our cat , I would have to say it has no effect at all . We have switch brands and I will need to throw out the $ 50 of frontline I just ordered . There should be some sort of consumer notification about this , and frankly , the company should issue a recall.Hope this saves a few of you from the mess we have gone through .
 I 've used Fronline on my cats for a few years , however recently it 's stopped working . The fleas have n't been affected by this for the past 3 months . We are going crazy with fleas ! I 'm switching to a different product !!
 I do n't think this product works at all . My two cats have about the same number of fleas whether I use it or not . Perhaps , as others have suggested , fleas have developed resistance to it , or maybe my expectations are too high . I will not buy it again .
 I bought this frontline product for my indoor cats because I heard that frontline is the best flea prevention . It smells really BAD , like a skunk . I would have bathed my cats after applying but I did n't want the prevention to wear off . I think I 'll go back to the cheaper product after this is gone.Merial Frontline Plus Flea and Tick Control for Cats and Kittens , 6 Doses
 I have 5 indoor cats , 2 long hair and 3 short hair . Noticed more fleas this year and thought of using this product . I could n't remember what worked last year and apparently this is n't it . I cleaned all the cat towers , bedding , etc. . Sprayed flea control in the yard and did the best I could . Cats still have fleas and I will purchase Advantage and try again . I believe Advantage is the better product . Frontline does n't seem to work for some reason .
 Save yourself some money and order from petshed.com . This product is on Amazon is NOT authentic-total waste of money . Petshed comes from Australia , but is authentic and just as cheap .
 Desperate to wage a fierce fight against this season 's flea ` bloom ' , we call upon the Frontline Plus product that we 've had such great luck with in the past . However , we are unable to confirm that it is working AT ALL now ! Our household is awash in eggs , my cats are very uncomfortable , and when the cats do n't sleep , their parents do n't sleep!A few seasons ago we tried Frontline Plus for cats . Previous we had terrible results from several OTHER BRANDS of ` drops ' , including horrible diarrhea , obvious discomfort , and a total failure to work . But Frontline saved the day !! NO allergic reactions , it KILLED THE FLEAS , and helped us take control of our house and make it a home again ! To be fair , the only issue is that the cat 's do n't like the goo and they will gladly lick their hair off in patches on their shoulders trying to remove it !! Well , nothing 's perfect.HOWEVER ... this past couple of seasons -LRB- 2011/2012 -RRB- it appears as if the Frontline Plus for cats drops have totally stopped working . Have the fleas adapted ? Has the product changed ? Who knows ? But us , it no longer seems to work !! Today I came to Amazon to order more , MAYBE it 's preventing an even WORSE infestation ?!?! I do n't know . But lo , and behold , I found other reviews reporting this exact same scenario !! Wow . This is scary now , to think maybe we have lost a great ally in this fight against the fleas . : -LRB- I may be buying more . We CAN NOT live with the fleas . But I can not give a good review -LRB- AT THIS TIME -RRB- for a product I 'm not even sure does anything any more . : -LRB- Good luck to us all ! Fight the real enemy !! Fleeeaasss !!!
 After I applied it on my cat , my cat always have a tingling reaction with the Frontline solution . But the one I purchased from this seller , for some reason , did not affect my cat at all . Sadly , it did n't help with fleas too.After 3 days or so , I even saw a flea -LRB- not sure really what a flea looks like but it must be flea -RRB- jumping off my cat 's fur . I will not buy from this seller again .
 I bought frontline here as an experiment for cost . This batch was ineffective . I do n't fault the seller . I threw away the packaging and used all six vials for three cats in less than six weeks . My fault .
 We have been using Frontline for our cats for years with great results . However , we started buying online the last few orders and began seeing ticks and fleas on our cats , but not our dog -LRB- we buy Frontline for our dog at the vet -RRB- . We talked to our veterinarian and to my daughter -LRB- also a vet -RRB- and they both said that online Frontline is often expired and repackaged or fake . So beware of buying Frontline online and get it from your vet . The extra $ 20 is worth not seeing disgusting ticks and fleas on your animals .
 Do n't be fooled by these bogus reviews . This stuff does not kill fleas . I have tried it twice on my cats and they got no relief either time . None . Advantage is expensive but within an hour I have seen dead fleas on my computer table when one of my cats sits there with me while I 'm online . And they 're obviously more comfortable in the days after the treatment . I do n't know if Frontline works on ticks and I have not tried any other products to kill fleas .
 Soon after applying the frontline medication my cat freaked out and went outside and has yet to come back indoors . He has been an indoor cat for over 8 years -LRB- he 's 11 now -RRB- He seems fine but the fact that he refuses to come indoors concerns me . I also found a tick !!!!! I called Merial and they informed me to NOT purchase medication on line even from `` safe '' brokers ie . Amazon.com My advice is to purchase frontline or any other similar product from your local vet . I feel almost blessed thinking what could have happened to my beloved Pekoe .
 The product that was delivered was not the product in the picture . I was trying to purchase the discontinued deodorant that was shown in the picture , but instead I was sent the newer deodorant that I could have easily , and for less money , purchased at a local store . Too expensive shipping costs to send back . Very dissapointed . Seller needs to update the picture for this product and stop false advertisement .
 My wife and i bought this product for years and lately it has been pure garbage it does n't work like it should at all . Your better off buying the `` cheap '' stuff from Walmart or so .
 I just tried to use this product , and I think it was tampered with . Half of the doses were empty , and the internal packaging that keeps the liquid secure was very easily removed . Every other package of Frontline I 've used I 've had to cut the dosages out of the package . On these ones I just bent them a little and the packaging came off . Of the 3 dosages that had any liquid , it was not very much . I will not be buying this product again .
 Approximately 1 year ago I ordered from Amazon the 12 month supply of Frontline Plus for cats , and it worked fantastic . Now , I have run out and so I placed an order again , except this time I ordered the 6 month supply . When the package arrived , i noticed it was open , and I had my suspicions that something was strange about it . I examined the package trying to find anything wrong with it , but it looked fine . It had all of the markings that it should have . Stupid me , I talked myself out of there being a problem -LRB- perhaps because i didnt want to believe it -RRB- . So , i then go to give my cat a dose ... I take the applicator out of the protective package and the backing practically FELL off . I was thinking - hm - thats weird , because usually I have to really struggle to open this . One would THINK that at this point , I would have trusted my gut - but no - I continue to put the stuff on my cat . When I went to bend back the tip of the applicator , it was just flimsy and bent all over the place . It did not snap off like it always does . Then , the solution inside the applicator smelled like SKUNK ! What else smells like skunk ? NOTHING . I was so grossed out ! not to mention I was so grossed out at myself for not trusting my instinct from the second the package showed up on my doorstep . Last night I contacted Amazon directly and they said they would send a replacement . I still need it , and a part of me is really just hoping that the replacement is the real deal.So the reason I gave this two stars is because I have bought this before and it was GREAT , now I received a knock off , and I genuinely believe that Amazon is having a supplier issue that they must deal with through their legal department . My gut feeling tells me that when they resolve the problem , we will be able to purchase REAL Frontline , that is , until they change suppliers again . Well , I guess that is what we get for living in a low-bidder-wins society . With a higher price , comes peace of mind and somewhat of a guarantee . I think next time I will just purchase it through my vet .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- listed the EPA Reg . No . of 65331-4 as a counterfeit !! Penalties for Selling Counterfeit ProductsPersons who distribute , import , or sell counterfeit pesticides such as Advantage and Frontline aresubject to civil or criminal penalties up to $ 27,500 per sale , one year imprisonment , or both.Persons who distribute or sell the counterfeit products after receipt of the order are not onlyliable for illegal distribution or sale of a counterfeit pesticide , but also for the additional violationof failing to comply with the stop sale order.Affected ProductsCounterfeit versions of the following EPA-registered products have been identified . * Frontline Top Spot for Cats -LRB- EPA Reg . No. 65331-2 -RRB- * Frontline Top Spot for Dogs -LRB- EPA Reg . No. 65331-3 -RRB- * Frontline Plus for Cats -LRB- EPA Reg . No. 65331-4 -RRB- * Frontline Plus for Dogs -LRB- EPA Reg . No. 65331-5 -RRB- * Advantage 10 for Dogs -LRB- EPA Reg . No. 11556-117 -RRB- 2 * Advantage 20 for Dogs -LRB- EPA Reg . No. 11556-119 -RRB- * Advantage 55 for Dogs -LRB- EPA Reg . No. 11556-120 -RRB- * Advantage 100 for Dogs -LRB- EPA Reg . No. 11556-122 -RRB- * Advantage 9 for Cats -LRB- EPA Reg . No. 11556-116 -RRB- * Advantage 18 for Cats -LRB- EPA Reg . No. 11556-118 -RRB-
 We will no longer be purchasing Frontline through the mail or anywhere else . This used to be a good product , but for the past 2 years , has not worked to keep my cats and house free from fleas . I will not purchase this again .
 I have used the product twice and the animals still have fleas !! Very disappointed after all the money that was spent .
 I have been using FrontLine for dogs and cats for years and have historically bought it from the vets . I am a huge shopper on Amazon and decided to do a search to compare the price and found I could save a few dollars -LRB- I do rescue so every dollar counts -RRB- . I put FrontLine on every month and always check for fleas before the next application . Two weeks ago confirmed no fleas and applied the monthly treatment . Just got back from the vets and several pets covered in fleas . Heard about black market FrontLine but thought I would be fine with Amazon . From now on I 'll stick to buying from the vet , rather pay more than fight a house filled with fleas .
 Our indoor cats contacted fleas after a relatives visit with their dogs . We bought Frontline Plus from our vet because is what they suggested . After a few days our cats were still scraching . We dosed again every 3 weeks because we kept finding fleas when we combed . We needed more so we found it cheaper on Amazon and purchased it . After 5 dose and around $ 200 later we are seeing little improvement but not enought to purchase any more of this product . Will buy another product throughAmazon .
 First the facts : Three inside cats that never go outside . In July , I noticed the fleas on them.After two doses of Frontline Plus and now into the second week , I am still finding fleas on my cats and the EGGS , too.More Facts.I vaccumed every surface of my house , threw away the bags , washed everything that could be washed , and everything else I put into the dryer for 30 minutes or longer.Cleaned scrubbed every inch of the house , drapes , etc. . Every surface the cats touched.Rinse and repeat at least four times since July.Then sprayed everything with the pesticide/growth inhibiter for fleas -LRB- NOT the bomb -RRB- . I 've sprayed three times . Just to make sure . And I wash the cats ' bedding everyday . EVERYDAY.Result
 I was using the protocol which recommends using Frontline one month and then Advantage the next month . Unfortunately , after using Frontline , my poor kitties were scratching non-stop because of their flea infestation . It seemed as if Frontline did not kill a single flea . I had to use Advantage much sooner than recommended because I did n't think they would survive until the next dose was due . I believe that in San Diego -LRB- the so-called `` flea capital of the world '' -RRB- that possibly fleas are becoming immune to these products . This is truly sad news because the products were like a miracle for my animals until recently .
 I am writing to warn people to NOT order pet meds over the Internet as most of these products are counterfeit ! A friend is a vet pharmaceutical rep who told me this information and said these products can be highly toxic and lethal . Her company has tested many of these bogus products sold online and at flea markets and their scientists can not identify the chemicals ! Many products come from foreign countries and they are not regulated . I used this product on my two cats last week and they both got sick . Thank God my cats are ok but I am so upset over this incident and do n't want anyone else out there to go through heartbreak . If you love your pet , do n't scrimp on the money - take them to a vet ! Even over the counter pet products can be deadly - the USDA does not enforce pet meds - so sad ! Note
 I 've been a loyal Frontline user for five or six years and have never had a problem with fleas on my cats . I recently placed my order through Amazon for the first time because the price was better than the one given at my vet 's office . I was SO DISAPPOINTED . My cats , for the first time ever , were crawling with fleas . Because they were n't getting better , I reapplied the treatment two weeks later - still the same . They were EVERYWHERE . I could even see them crawling on top of the application area a few hours after I had applied it . In the past when I have used Frontline , I 've literally watched fleas drop dead and fall off my cat , but this time , it did n't even touch them.I called Frontline to complain , and they told me I was n't vacuuming my house often enough , and the larvae must be burrowing in my floors . Well , I have concrete floors , and I 'm interested to know how flea larvae are going to burrow into my concrete ? When I told the customer service rep this was the first time this had happened with their product , and I explained I had been a loyal Frontline user for years , he pretty much blew me off and told me there was nothing he could do for me . Oh , after he suggested I treat my yard.My vet suggested I switch to Advantage , and I did . IMMEDIATELY , the fleas were gone . She -LRB- the vet -RRB- said she 's heard multiple complaints about Frontline being ineffective over the past few years.I 'm really disappointed in Frontline , and in their customer service . I would be happy to give the product another shot if they had offered to refund my money or replace the bum box I received , but they did neither of those things , and instead tried to pin the problem on my lack of housekeeping skills.My cats are now happy and flea-free thanks to Advantage -LRB- which is cheaper ! yay ! -RRB- , and I will never use Frontline again . It 's funny , because I used to think Frontline was a superior product to Advantage , and I happily shelled out more money for it . Not anymore .
 I have n't used the product yet , hoping it is safe for my cat . The picture of the cat is different than shown online , but it seems to be the same Frontline Plus product . If I had known this was coming from out of the United States , I would have paid more and gone with another supplier .
 This product worked great at first , but after two to three weeks my poor cat was covered in fleas again . After another application a month later , the fleas were gone at first but came back full force in two to three weeks again . I am not satisfied with this product as it did not perform as stated on the product description '' ... monthly treatment kills adult fleas , flea eggs , and flea larvae -LRB- preventing development of all flea stages -RRB- for up to six weeks and kills ticks for at least one month . '' I am hoping we can figure out how to get rid of these fleas . Incidentally , we have tried several other products -LRB- shampoo , flea collar , etc. -RRB- but nothing has been able to kill all of these pesky fleas . Bottom line , killed the fleas but did n't last . A lot of money was spent for results we have acheived with cheaper products .
 I tried this product on my cat who caught fleas recently . It has been 3 weeks and I am still getting bit , there are still fleas when I comb my cat , he still itches and scratches like crazy . This product did nothing what so ever , except killing maybe 4-8 fleas.Two days ago I purchased ` revolution ' and I can already see great improvement , I am seeing loads of dead fleas and big ones too . And my cat stopped itching and I have n't gotten bit in 2 days . This product maybe a good way to go to prevent your pet from getting fleas , but not if it already has some . Spend your money on something that works .
 The frontline capsules smelled like skunk when opened up -- I was ripped off . Go with a reputable company and spend a little more .
 I have used a couple of months of Frontline on my two cats and they are still completely infested with fleas . I have read on several postings throughout the internet that Frontline is not working well anymore form many pets , and that is definitely true for me . A giant waste of money
 We recently took in a feral kitten and of course it was covered in fleas . We purchased Frontline after reading all the good reviews . Well , it worked at first but never really got rid of them . After waiting nearly a month and bathing and using a flea comb on her daily , we tried Advantage . We noticed instant results . I suggest that if you have serious flea issues , use Advantage . I wasted money on Frontline and do n't have money to waste .
 Unfortunately after applying this , my two cats still have fleas a week later . No good!It did kill quite a few of them though
 The product I received was defective -LRB- very good chance that is counterfeit -RRB- packing look good though the safety blister package open easy . -LRB- unlike what I used in the pass that was hard to open -RRB- The smell bad , off from what I remembered . The Fleas got worst , I comb them daily for week after treating them . I purchased Bayer Advantage II ... Two day cleared them up no fleas . This is the second time I received bad Frontline Plus product from Amazon . I called Frontline to check if was counterfeit product no help , They did say that they only recommend buying from Vets . Remember this product from can not be returned to Amazon that can find.My rating is for this Amazon product . I have used Frontline Plus many time with good results just not what I purchased here , questionable supplier maybe ... So Beware .
 I think I need peoples help to do something about these people . This product did nothing for the flees -LRB- I know shes not immune to it , we bought from the vet many times before -RRB- . She also got very sick and I 'm pretty sure this is a fake product that might even be poison . Anyone else have this problem and can we sue ?
 Worked less than one week on my cat . Used to be a great product . Not sure if want I got was fake or what .
 Have been using this product for years but this vendor ??? 1 -RRB- Box did n't seem to be sealed properly when it arrived but appeared to be OK .2 -RRB- The ampules then seemed to be of a different type of plastic that had to be cut open rather than snap open as usual . Since we have multiple -LRB- 6 -RRB- cats to treat we opened them and proceeded to apply the treatment .3 -RRB- It smelled like Skunk scent!Currently unsure of any effectiveness but I will not order if it comes from this specific vendor again.Waiting on Amazon response ...
 I have used this for my cats for as long as I can remember . My cats are 13 years old and 6 years old ... this worked fine for them all those years , but for some reason the one I purchased from amazon does not work . I do n't know if the product is bad or maybe a knockoff , but this does nothing ! I put it on them , and the next day they are still itchy with fleas . I think I am going to try Revolution once I finish my 6 pack or start buying Frontline Plus from my vet !
 Hey there all cat lovers : I have always been a multiple cat household , and my babies never , ever go outside . Having read some of the one and two star reviews , I now see the light ... So here 's my story.About seven years ago , I had eight cats at the time , and I took everybody to the vet . He recommended Advantage , and applied it to them at the office . Each of my cats had a localized reaction the this stuff . The worst was similar to that which I 've read from customers using Frontline Plus . He had a serious burn , which continued to deepen and widen for about 60 days , including loss of the fur around the site . I am an R.N. , so I was using many topical medications and ointments on his poor neck . It took 5-6 months for it to heal . My cats are of various breeds , both long and short hair , so needless to say , I never used Advantage again , even if it did kill the fleas.Now , in the years since , I have purchased Frontline Plus for Cats , from the vet 's office , from PetCareRx.com , Pet-Meds . com , and most recently -LRB- July ,2011 -RRB- from Amazon.com . In every case , the LONGEST amount of time my cats were flea-free was 15 days !!! This last time , 13 days after application , one of my babies was sitting next to me on the couch , and a very healthy flea jumped on my arm and started chewing ... So I am out of ideas ; I 've spent hundreds of dollars for this product , and it does not work for the time stated ! Given it 's warning , I do n't dare re-apply sooner than 30 days for fear of over-everdosing them . If anyone has suggestions , I 'd love to hear from you.On a different and more important note , please , please , do not , for the sake of any pet you own , use any services of any BANFIELD VETERINARY HOSPITAL , located nationwide inside of Petsmart Stores . In short , they were responsible for either not diagnosing or misdiagnosing two of my cats , both brothers , now both dead . They died within 4 months of each other . The last one who died Sept. 4 , 2011 , was given a perfect bill of health , this giving me the PLEASURE of purchasing a 12month medical plan , which supposedly covered all of the basic necessities he would need -LRB- twice annually dental cleaning , complete bloodwork , complete physical exam , etc. . During his dental cleaning , he `` needed '' three teeth extracted -LRB- not covered -RRB- . Everything is ala carte . That cost an additional $ 289.00 , the medical plan was $ 300.00 / year , with a sign up fee of $ 79.95 . Medicines were additional . In April , when his dental was done , he was given a perfect bill of health . Eight weeks later he had lost alot of weight , and I knew it had to be cancer . I took him back , saw a different vet , who said he had a large mass in his colon . Five weeks later , he was gone . He held on , with all of my love and care and praying to the Universe for some kind of intervention -LRB- I believe children and pets should be off limits , folks -RRB- , but , a mere skeletal shell of the beautiful , green eyed , Egyptian marked long haired , fat tailed magnificent boy that he once was , left this plane of existence.Now , here is the kicker everybody ; I am being overwhelmed with phone calls and letters , telling me I am OVERDUE in my monthly payment of $ 30.00 , which I am expected to pay until April , 2012 !! Two vets did not do their jobs , they committed mal-practice , I have no cat , but they want their money . What would you do?Thank you for reading and kind regards , Patti Dean
 As seen after a search on the Internet - Frontline has been having some failure problems - either with their formula needing to be changed - at least with some species of fleas , or in some areas of the country . OR they put out a bad batch of product - I do n't know which.With us - it appeared to have been working and then come June it seems to have ceased working - A fresh dose from new batch -LRB- ? -RRB- on July 1 seems to have failed completely .
 The product do n't last . Or kill the fleas like it says . Do n't waste you money.not worth the money . Do n't buy .
 Some folks swear by this stuff , but my indoor cat got fleas last fall and has been on Frontline for months . Not only is it not keeping fleas off of her or killing flea eggs -LRB- I 've found both eggs and larvae on her -RRB- but the fleas do n't seem to mind it either , even with a flea collar ! I do n't know if these are super fleas , but I 'm switching to Advantage and hoping that will give her some relief since bombing , bathing , constantly vacuuming , spraying -LRB- floors , furniture and the poor cat -RRB- does n't seem to be helping . If I could keep the fleas off of her , since she is the only one getting bitten , then the cycle would stop . I realize this is a bad year for bugs , but Frontline does not work for her . If your pet does n't show improvement after one month of use , ask your vet to switch or buy something yourself . I wasted $ 60 on a useless product . Do n't put yourself or your pet through that .
 the first time I use this on all three cats it worked but after that nothing . fleas still there even after professionally having the house deflead . I will be staying with advantage for now on .
 I applied the dose on the cats and both had a red mark sore and the hair come off , I think it was too strong . Jose Arana
 I 've used frontline on my cats for years and it works great !!!! As far as where I ordered from on this site another story !!!! Ive order from amazon before just not this particular place and its come new in the box correct dosing !! So take notice on the box you see in the picture is says either 3 or 6 applicators.This is either 3 or 6 doses -LRB- full doses -RRB- if you received a vile and syringe you have been scammed ! I ordered from ALL ANIMAL FLORIDA ALLIANCE through amazon here and have been battling trying to get my money back.They are saying its brand new -LRB- which should be in the box shown -RRB- 6 doses +2 bonus doses making 8 doses . Well I got 1 applicator that you see on the box which they are saying in one email to me is 6 doses in another email its 8 doses . . so which is it ??? My vet has given this to me and each is a single dose so in the end the sent me 1 applicator -LRB- 1 dose -RRB- for the price of 6 doses . Also it was mailed to me in a manila folder with no instructions , a vile and syringe . No return slip and expecting me to pay to return . The address they gave me to return is an apartment complex in Florida -LRB- I googled the address -RRB- not to the animal shelter which would be a business.The phone numbers on their `` facebook and website pages '' are not valid numbers . Everyone just be aware if you order from this animal shelter as I do not think the are valid and are scamming people . Otherwise order this product elsewhere b/c it does work great for cats/dogs .
 I have used Frontline in the past and it worked great . But this batch was terrible . The day that I applied Frontline to my cats , they went nuts scratching while the fleas died . It worked for just a few days and by day 4 , the fleas were back . I have to comb them every day to keep the population down . As the month goes on , the fleas get worse and worse until by week 3 I ca n't wait to try another dose of something help my poor cats . But I ca n't use Frontline or another heavy duty chemical for at least 30 days . The Frontline box says it will last for 6 weeks . That 's a joke ! Same review for dog version of Frontline . I had purchased 6 vials so I tried for 3 months with the same results . And the cost is enormous !
 Frontline is only gaurenteed when bought through a vet . Well I bought through my vet and it was not cheep . 3 months and the flees have not let up . The only thing keeping down the population is me combing my three indoor cats with a flee comb several times a day . I called the company and they gave me the round about . that we must be bringing them in and that it will not repel flees if they jump off and lay eggs we would need to have our home fumagated . It will only kill the flees that stay on them long enough to die 4-6hrs . I used Advantage in the past within a day or two no more flees anywhere . I heard the flees are resistant to that now too . I do n't know what to use .
 CAN NOT RATE IT ! + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
 Poor cat never got rid of her fleas . It is frustrating bc its not cheap . Gon na try another brand now .
 do not buy this product , it does n't really work to get rid of fleas and its just poison . Do n't put poison on your furry friends !
 The product that they ship you is a VILE , A SYRINGE and two packages in which you MAKE UP your own doseage for each month ... not as shown or described .
 The last box I bought had issues . The dosage was not the same in all of the vials and it looked like some of the product had leaked out . The outer blister package was wy too easy to open . Lot # F41751ASSent the defective vials back to Merial Limited . The remaining vials would not open properly - the score that allows you to bend the end over and snap the product open was not present . Sending them back now too.So I 've spent about $ 100 on 3 doses that are likely expired or otherwise defective.Not all that happy with the cutomer service at Merial - they do n't seem to care that it takes MY time and money to send their defective products back to them . Simply replacing the product no longer compensates what I 've had to go through so far.Not sure I will continue with this product .
 I 'm just not sure that for this price there is enough product that gets to the cat 's skin . The price is low , but is the amount sufficient to work ? My cats have not thrown off the fleas and with two applications 30 days apart , they should have . I 'm going to try one more month , and then if the fleas are n't dead , I will have to switch products .
 Product did n't work called the company they said no refund because Amazon is not a valid retailer of this product .
 I was really disappointed by this purchase . I have used two of the doses , and they appear to be working , so that 's why I did n't return it . However , when it came in the mail , the box was all squished and the inside packaging was coming apart . The medicine stinks like skunk & old beer -LRB- but disappeared after about a day -RRB- , and the years of Frontline usage tells me this is n't normal . I suspect the package I bought is old .
 I purchased this 3-pack for my cat , who was less than a year old when I got him . There was evidence of flea dirt on him at the time , and I saw a few fleas from time to time , so I decided to treat him . When I applied the first dose , I noticed a few dead fleas in his fur , indicating to me that the product worked , however after just 3 days I noticed live fleas on him again . I used all 3 doses , over the course of 3 months , and they did not work . I then purchased Advantage II for him based on review from pet owners , and within a day he was flea free . He remained flea free between treatments . I wo n't waste my money on Frontline again . This product is a ripoff .
 This is not the stuff you 're looking for . Do n't be confused by the packaging that looks so much like Bayer Advantage II . I was confused and wasted my money on this . Yes , it did our cat a little bit of good , but Advantage II is so much better.Bayer Advantage II Purple 6-Month Flea Control for Cats 9 + lbs .
 My cat has fleas . That is why I bought this product . 45 days and 2 applications later , my cat STILL has fleas . I used a flea brush on him and found not only more than a dozen fleas -LRB- a WEEK after the latest application -RRB- , but to top it all off , many were egg-laden . The package clearly states that it kills fleas and `` breaks the flea life cycle '' . DO N'T BELIEVE IT ! IT IS A LIE!I have used the Bayer Advantage product in the past with good results , and thought I would try Frontline this time . Big mistake.I would strongly urge you to avoid this product . It simply does not work .
 We 've always used Frontline on our cats and dogs with great success . Our cats picked up fleas , and after ordering the Frontline -LRB- which came from the UK -RRB- and using it on them for 3 months ... the fleas are as bad as ever . I do n't know what 's up , but this product is not working any longer .
 This was a waste of money . My cat is covered in fleas and now I have to wait 30 days before I can switch him over to a product that DOES work .
 After taking my cat to the vet to have her spayed , the vet mentioned that she had fleas . I had been noticing small black dots on my cat 's fur that according to the vet were `` flea droppings '' from her flea infestation . I had also been noticing some itching , but only after she had visits with dogs , so I assumed the Frontline was killing the fleas on contact ... I assumed wrong!The vet said that she had witnessed several cases where Frontline was no longer working and that she recommended Advantage . I have since ordered it and am awaiting its arrival .
 The first week of August 2011 the secretary at our veterinary 's office told me to use Frontline Plus on my Australian Shepherd/Border Collie mix . We had been using Vectra , which the veterinarian suggested because these dogs have sensitive skin . However , our dog had gotten a tick so the secretary decided we needed to change . On August 9 , 2011 I applied the Frontline Plus . Within a week he had some reddening at the application site as well as a red site by each ear . I took him to the groomer on August 20 and showed them the spots and asked them to check to see if there were any more . When I picked up my dog the groomer said it was at the original application site and down his back . She said when dogs have double coats it 's very difficult to see the skin . However the groomer uses a blow dryer to dry the dogs after bathing them she can see the skin very clearly . We had not noticed the problem further down his back becasue of all his hair.Since August 9 we have been battling this horrible problem . The skin has crusted over , gotten infected and he has chewed himself raw . We have had him to the UW-Madison Veterinary School 3 times in the last month trying to get on top of the problem . We purchased a cone to keep him from biting himself but we still have to find out what to use to get this under control . The UW calls this mess Calcinosis cutis but it is , and was , directly linked to the application of Frontline Plus . I looked up Calcinosis cutis on the internet and what our dog has does n't look like what they show.I wish I could post a picture so you could see how horrible this is . Please take heed . If you have not used Frontline Plus on your dog think it over very carefully before you do . And , if you have used Frontline Plus and your dog has had a bad reaction , no matter how slight , please report it to the FDA . I did file a report with Frontline but was told to report this to the FDA also .
 Please note ... Summer 2011 in Richmond , VA FRONTLINE PLUS FOR CATS DOES NOT WORK !! PLEASE DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON FRONTLINE PLUS FOR CATS ... I 've gone thru $ 260 of product for 5 cats , 2 vet visits , daily flea combing , vacuuming everything everyday , washing rugs , throw sheets , etc , ... and MUCH angst every day ! Everyday I would comb & get at least 5-6 fleas off each cat ... not a great infestation but was driving me nuts . I applied REVOLUTION 24 hours ago & just combed them and got total of 3 half-dead fleas off 3 of them . They are calm & not itching/scratching . I knew something was wrong with the Frontline -LRB- the first month blamed myself for maybe getting it on their fur and not skin , so second month shaved the spot , and when I called Merial & the vet they said give it 3 months to work ! -RRB- . I hate the idea of giving animals chemicals , etc. , but when you think about it , Frontline is supposed to work by `` collecting in oils of skin & hair follicles '' & fleas die -LRB- ? -RRB- by walking thru fur . Revolution works in blood stream ... fleas bite & die ... and I -LRB- and my cats -RRB- can finally let out a sigh of relief . Please do n't waste your money & time on Frontline Plus like I did !!!
 I 've tried Frontline a couple of times at 3 week intervals . I 've treated the house and yard as well . Plenty of fleas still around . I 've been told Frontline has not adjusted their product as today 's fleas have become resistant to it , and was recommended to try Advantix .
 I hate to be negative , but this product just does n't work in controlling fleas . Had no problem with the price or receiving the product , but I thought it would work for several months . A treatment is supposed to work for close to a month , but we 've had to re-apply every couple of weeks and are still seeing fleas . Will not purchase Frontline again , I 'm afraid .
 After reading the other reviews , I still decided to purchase , hoping that I would have better luck . My cat weighs 8 pounds and has medium length fur . Used Advantage for the first 4 years of her life , but it had stopped working . Used Frontline once previously a few years prior and it did n't work , so switched back to advantage . But now advantage was n't working either so we needed to try a new kind . Frontline Plus was a waste of money . It has killed none of her fleas -- I applied the first dose a week and a half ago , and applied a second does -LRB- after researching online whether it would be okay -RRB- at the one week mark . There has been no change . I 'm glad I only bought the 3 month supply instead of wasting more money . I should have listened to my intuition , but I did n't and it was a waste of money . Our vet just got Vectra and my mom said it has been amazing on their two cats , so I 'm going to try that next . Frontline Plus is definitely not worth it .
 I would caution against using this product for more than a few months because it stops working . I had been using it on my 3 cats and noticed that after about 15 days , the fleas would return in full force . I did some research online which showed many other reports of Frontline no longer working , and when I called the vet they also suggested we move on to another product .
 Product did not work at all-I do n't know if it was expired or what but I am going to try to get my money back-my animals had more fleas after I put this on than before . I 've used Frontline before and have never had this problem
 Although the package was new in box , date manufactured on the back says `` 2004 '' . Can find no expiration date on pkg but lot # is E41907AW >> I take that to mean expiration date was 4-19-07 , nearly 4 years old ! No wonder this stuff did n't work ! So be very careful when ordering flea meds from Amazon .
 I thought I was getting a product aproximately as effective as Advantage , especially for the price -LRB- not cheap ! -RRB- . It was as if I put flea vitamins on my cats ! They went from just a few to an explosion with no period of reduction . They are scratching all night so now I am sure my home is covered with the little beggars . I do n't know when I have been more disappointed in a product ! Now I have to reach deep in my pocket again to buy Advantage .
 I bought a 3 month supply from amazon for my kitten , and it is NOT working . I 'm on month 3 and she still has fleas . She does not go outside , and I have a VERY clean house . I am not sure if this is a bad batch that amazon sent me , or if the fleas are immune to it . My dog uses it too , but he does not have fleas ... so I am assuming it 's a bad batch !
 I have always used this product , but this time , where I placed it on my cat ... his hair came out .
 I have been using Frontline for years , however recently it has not been working so well . I can give my dog and two cats the treatment each month and it does NOT last for the whole month . In fact when I brought up this complaint to my vet , he said that Frontline is only promised to work for 21 days and yet they tell us to apply it once a month !! Once I finish this box by applying it every 21 days I plan on switching to something a little more reliable .
 It was a long time between fleas in this house ... years in fact.You can imagine my dismay , when i discovered fleas on my cat , after I noticed she was scratching for a few days.In the old days , I was fortunate enough to have an online source of ` bulk ' advantage . It was inexpensive and worked beautifully . A dose of that and that was all that was needed to get rid of fleas for a long time.So as soon as I realized the cause of the problems , I came online to find the seller , only to find out that he was sued by the manufacturer for selling the advantage cheaply , and is no longer selling it.So I turned to Frontline.Put the frontline on , as indicated.N O T H I N G !!! Well almost nothing ... in that , since I had thought it would work , as i was used to , i waited long enough to now have to be combing fleas off the cat with a flea comb , daily . Got 50 `` active '' ones so far.As soon as the weather warms , I will bathe her daily , till they are gone.I am looking into carpet powder too.I do n't know if it is because the Frontline is not any good , or that since it is a lay person item , it is not as strong as the bulk preps that vets get ? Or perhaps fleas now adays -LRB- last infection over 5 or 6 years ago -RRB- are resistant to it.All I know is my money went down the drain , where I hope all the fleas will go , when the weather warms up a bit .
 My 8 year old cat suffered what my vet called ' a rare allergic reaction ' to this product . The vet also said ` too bad , too , as it is the best product of its kind on the market ' . Within 24 hours of its application , my cat had bald burned spot about the size of two quarters . The skin looks like a chemical burn - irritated , pink and bit gooey . The vet said to apply OTC topical hydrocortisone cream and that it is possible the fur will not grow back in the affected area . In any case , the cat is on the mend.I called the toll free number on the Frontline box and spoke with a vet tech . He documented the cat 's reaction and medical condition . He also said to send the remaining product back to Frontline for a full refund , which was a nice surprise.I am not saying not to use this product , just keep an eye on your pet if you do .
 I stumbled on a USA EPA -LRB- Environmental Protection Agency -RRB- page that warned of counterfeit pesticide pet products ... -LRB- cut-n-paste to browser -RRB- ... -LSB- ... -RSB- The product received from this vendor -LRB- JNS Enterprises -RRB- failed * many * of the checks for authenticity . In their defense , they did offer to let me return it . However , their business address is in Illinois , the package came from Australia , and they said they purchase their Frontline products from France . I did n't bother returning it - shipping probably would have cost as much as the product for me and would likely have been returned . Against my better judgement , I went ahead and gave Kitty a dose - I had skipped a month and spring is here . She did n't appear to have any fleas at the time but I wanted to keep it that way . So far , no fleas and no dead Kitty.I forwarded the correspondence to Merial -LRB- the Frontline manufacturer -RRB- and they replied with . . `` It is Merial 's sales policy to sell our small animal products only where a veterinarian/client/patient relationship exists . Therefore , we only sell to veterinarians . Merial believes that the veterinarian is the only professional qualified to serve the health care needs of pets , the concerns of their owners and the appropriate use of our small animal products such as FRONTLINE Brand Products . `` That sounds like it came from their legal department . Of course , in the US you can buy this retail without any consultation from a veterinarian from any of the major pet supply chains . I suppose they probably have a disclaimer of some sort to skate around the manufacturer 's `` policy '' . I gave this one star -LRB- ca n't select zero -RRB- because of the strong suspicion that they 're selling counterfeit products according to the US EPA 's website mentioned above . Use at your own risk !
 I have used Frontline for years on my pets and it is a GREAT PRODUCT ! It works every time . I have tried other flea and tick brands of one spot and sprays , and they ca n't hold a candle to Frontline!HOWEVER - the reality is that in the US , only veternarians can sell Frontline , that 's the way it works with Merial . I looked at the other reviews of the product before purchasing , because there are a LOT of blogs on the net about people selling fake Frontline that looks like the real thing . I thought I would be safe purchasing from Amazon LLC . I was wrong.The first application on my pets -LRB- keep in mind I have 5 -RRB- , caused a strange reaction in all of them that they have never had and within a week , I had as many fleas as before the application . I thought maybe it was something I had done , like I did n't apply correctly and they ingested it or something.The 2nd application brought on a strange odor on ALL of my animals . Again , I had just as many fleas as before the application.I have no intention of a putting my animals through a 3rd application . I will be going to see my vet.I do n't know what is in this stuff , but clearly it does NOT contain the same ingredients as what you purchase from the veteranarian!I see the product is now under review ... wonder why?BTW , Amazon has refused to do anything about it . They told me that because it was more than 30 days , there was nothing they can do and I should contact the manufacturer . Guess what the manufacturer is going to tell me ... `` we only sell to vets ! '' Check out the Merial website .
 When this product arrived , it was not Frontline Plus as advertised , but a completely different product , Frontline Combo . After doing research and visiting the veterinarian with the product , I discovered that this product is not for legal sale in the U.S. and , according to the vet , could be harmful to my cats . I called Merial , the maker of Frontline , directly , and they offered to replace this product for free . I will be sending them my receipt so that they can follow up with this seller . I am appalled by this , and can only imagine what may have happened had I not followed up on my suspicions . I hope that other pet-owners have not experienced harm by using incorrect products on their pets . I will do my best to help Merial get to the bottom of this issue .
 I have been buying Frontline for years now . Periodically I will buy it through Amazon when I do n't see it on sale at Costco . But this time when I received the package and opened one of the applicators it smelled just like a skunk . I thought maybe it was just the applicator material but when I applied the solution to my cat , she stunk like a skunk for 2 days . I do n't know if they changed the solution or if I got a bad batch .
 I 've been using Frontline Plus , purchased from my vet for years . The packaging I buy from the vet looks identical to the package I received in this order . When I opened the vial to apply the product , I noticed an unusual odor , like a skunk smell . I applied the product according to the directions the way I always have . At the time of application , I noticed 1 or 2 fleas on my cats . After the first application , there were no results . In fact the fleas were multiplying . I vacuumed and cleaned all rugs and furniture in the house -LRB- did n't notice any fleas anywhere accept on the cats -RRB- . I applied the product again a few weeks later . Again - no results . The cats are now infested . I am on my way to purchase the REAL product . Do not waste your money on this fake frontline .
 My experience with Frontline Plus involves both cats and dogs . From the beginning , it should be noted that every single tube of `` Frontline Plus '' , whether `` for cats '' or `` for dogs 89 - 132 lbs '' , contains the same exact substance , just in different dosages according to the size of the animal . But more on that later.My first experience with Frontline Plus was about 5 years ago . I moved into an apartment complex where many of the tenants , myself included , had dogs , so not surprisingly , fleas were a problem . I 'd never needed flea treatment for my dog before , but at that time -LRB- 2006-07 -RRB- , when used as instructed , Frontline Plus worked well to kill and prevent fleas on my dog . We relocated again in 2008 to an area where fleas were n't a problem , so we stopped using Frontline Plus.My next experience with Frontline Plus was early this year , and the results were very , very different . It never gets especially cold around here , so where fleas are a problem , they tend to be a year-round problem , even in winter . Our living situation is now very different . We still have the same dog but now have a varying number of cats , depending on how many we 're fostering at the time , but never fewer than 6 , and they all live inside full-time . We also care for a few feral , neighborhood cats -LRB- all neutered and ear-tipped , of course -RRB- in our yard , so it 's actually a little surprising that we did n't start having problems with fleas sooner since our dog spends time in that same yard . The problems started when we briefly took in my sister 's dog . Her dog tracked in fleas , and from there , of course , they spread to the inside cats and our own dog . Since Frontline Plus had worked well for us in the past , naturally , it was the first product I tried ... but it did n't seem to be working . I sprayed upholstery , curtains , and bedding with flea-killing spray with Nylar . I vacuumed frequently , even though we do n't have any carpet . I treated the yard . I even treated with Frontline Plus this one feral cat that will actually let me touch her while she 's chowing down on canned food . We would kill by hand any fleas we could catch on our pets . And I kept applying Frontline Plus every 4 weeks to every animal in our house . We gave it time , figuring that it might take a little while to kill all of the fleas on all of the pets plus any eggs that managed to survive and hatch . But never were we able to eliminate them . We just kept on finding live , jumping , biting fleas.I mentioned the problem to our vet , and she gave me lots of interesting information . She said that because of their grooming habits , cats often need to be treated every 3 weeks rather than every 4 . She also mentioned that some of our larger cats -LRB- ~ 16 lbs -RRB- probably were n't getting quite enough Frontline Plus from the standard `` cat size '' applicator to begin with . And finally , she revealed something that Frontline Plus definitely does n't want people to realize
 Think twice before buying , we have been using for 6 months and no change . Actually , we put on last dose a week ago and seems as though the fleas laugh at you . There are , it seems , as many or more fleas on the cat than if we were not to use this product .
 I ordered frontline for my cats because I am told it is a great product.I get it cost more because it is good but , why is it when I ordered the producton Oct. 1,2010 it will not be sent out until or around Oct.12-14 ,2010 ??????? I ordered it from Amazon because I needed it real bad & they have never let me down , until now.They took my money right away so why do I have to wait so long ? I just do n't think it is real fair & if I would have caught that it would take so long I would n't have ordered it from here.My cats have flea 's now !!!
 We started using this product for our cat because it was provided to us by the animal shelter we adopted him from . It worked very well for over a year and then we began to notice fleas increasing in quantity . I discussed this with our Vet , and he recommended changing to Advantage . He said that others have complained about the same situation we experienced and that he was planning on not stocking it any longer because of that . His opinion was that Frontline does n't kill fast enough and that after a period of time the fleas adapt and are able to prosper . We 've changed to Advantage and all fleas have vanished over a 2 week period . We 've used Advantage in the past and now will stay with it again . Sorry Frontline ... you need to improve your product !
 I 've used frontline plus before allowing my cat to start going outside . After that I used it once a month for the last 4 months . It 's has n't mattered at all . She got so infested with fleas and everything else too . Thanks a million frontline plus !!! UGH!We treated the house , yard and now are switching to revolution for cat .
 We had two or three months of success with Frontline before it stopped working entirely and we go inundated with fleas during the peak of humid summer weather . We applied exactly as directed , gave it time , but because the fleas became resistant to the toxin or because it stopped killing them quickly enough to break the life cycle , we got a full infestation despite both of our cats being treated , and regular diligent vacuuming . They are indoor only , so it was n't like they were bringing fleas in from outside . The company shrugged and said it just takes more time . Well when your product lets the fleas get a foothold I ca n't wait for it to start working again ! We went with a different spot treatment and Fleabusters borax powder in the carpet and now not a single flea . Never ever going back to Frontline .
 This is the second time I 've bought Frontline from amazon . The first time it worked well , this time it did n't work at all . I 'm pretty sure it did n't even kill a single flea . My poor cat is still scratching away , I 'm out $ 40 , and now have to look into other options . This is the last time I buy pet meds from amazon . I think I 'll pay the extra money to get it from the vet .
 Frontline used to do the job , but this summer and last , other than stinging my cats when it is applied , it does n't appear to do anything . Combing fleas off my cats everyday .
 My cat is STILL scratching and we have found little fleas on him ... this after 3 months of using this product . We are switching to another product . Sorry Frontline !
 We used this brand for a while but over the summer it stopped working , in fact , the fleas seem to love it . Nothing has changed on our end and our cats are strictly indoors and do not come in contact with other animals.Perhaps this company has changed the formula ?
 Got this one because it is one of top brands , this brand burned my cats ' skin at base of neck , never saw that before , so I switched to Advantage .
 My cats developed `` hot spots '' from this product . I was told by my vet that it might be a reaction to the alcohol , but they have received injections , etc. and , of course , alcohol is used on the skin just prior to the injection , etc. and there were no resultant problems . One by one they started to develop this problem . I have since discontinued use of this product and will not use it again!I did some research and the problem appears to be the active ingredients . The main pesticide ingredient in Frontline and Frontline Top Spot is fipronil . Frontline Plus also has fipronil and includes S-methoprene , a growth inhibitor targeting flea eggs and larvae . Both chemicals are regulated by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency -LRB- EPA -RRB- . Fipronil has been shown to cause adverse skin reactions in sensitive animals . Fipronil is also used to control fire ants in turf grass . S-methoprene is used to prevent mosquitoes in drinking water by the World Health Organization . Also , a chemical regulated for use by the EPA is not necessarily `` safe . `` Known skin reactions to Frontline products include redness at the application site , itching , hair loss , ulceration , weeping sores , and skin sloughing . Skin reactions can also occur away from the application site . Merial , the maker of Frontline , Frontline Top Spot , and Frontline Plus , plays it down and says adverse reactions to their product may include minor skin irritation , lethargy , and perhaps vomiting . My observations indicate the more severe reactions rather than what Merial admits to.If your pets go outside one solution to at least cut down the population of fleas is nematodes . These can be bought at garden stores and are a natural deterrent for garden pests . They attack fleas , cutworms , and root weevils . This is considered safe for pets and people . I always rinse everything down with the garden hose afterwards to make sure the nematodes go into the soil -LRB- where they live -RRB- anyway . If you purchase nematodes make sure they have been properly stored . Most garden stores keep them in a fridge .
 I had two indoor cats that somehow got fleas and this was my first experience using this type of product . It did not make a difference . Luckily I purchased Advantage Plus and it did the trick after 6 weeks of going crazy and spending a lot of money on products that did n't work .
 I bought this product because it was so highly recommended . It worked at first , then nothing ... Very disappointed ... and not pleased . . wo n't use it again . .
 Bought this product as I have used the same thing for several years on my cat . Never had fleas since the cat has never been outside but sometime this summer , fleas got inside my home I suspect on pants or socks and my cat picked them up . Ordered new product to continue with the regime but the flea problem got out of control after 2 applications of it not working . Emailed the seller who was very gracious and immediately refunded my money . Wonderful seller who I highly recommend working with . I will have to change brands since Frontline is no longer working for this house !
 not real happy about his , cat still got ticks and they did not die , they got fatter , do n't know if I like this , will try one more time and if it dont ' work I am going to a different brand ...
 Somewhat disappointing as the product was not the usual prepackaged monthly doses but rather four months supply in one large plastic aluminum flat container that needed to be transferred into a glass viile . You then needed t o use a suringe to extract a given amount to then apply on the cat . Too many steps and potential for mishandling !
 I have been using this stuff for years , for my cats and dogs . First I stopped using the Frontline for dogs when I started taking my dogs to parks and wildlife preserves and they were coming home covered in ticks . I switched them to Advantix , have n't had any problems ... until about a week ago . My cats , which are indoor/outdoor , came home with fleas . I had continued using the Frontline for them.At this point the entire house is infested with fleas , to the point that my dogs are scratching non stop and getting rashes , even though the fleas must not be on them , there is no flea dirt or anything on the dogs , just the cats.Do yourself a favor , DO N'T USE THIS ! I am a pet groomer and I have been telling people for months to try something else because it has n't been working for some of my clients , but I did n't take my own advice . I am going to the vet tomorrow to get all my animals heartworm tests , so they can all get on Revolution , the best thing out there according to my vet .
 I have used frontline for years and this is my first experience of it not working at all . I applied it and within three weeks , my cat started scratching I saw fleas and flea dirt . I reapplied a week and a half before I should have had to and still have the same problem . . I am going back to buying from the vet !
 I have been purchasing Frontline Plus from Amazon for my cats for the past couple years . This summer we noticed that we had a flea problem which led to a tape worm problem . After talking with my vet she suggested that I may have gotten some counterfeit Frontline Plus . We used the last dose thinking that maybe we missed dosing by a week and it was our fault , but after just a couple weeks we noticed fleas again on a couple of the cats . I went and bought Frontline Plus at my local veterinarian office and have not had an issue since . Of course it was at a much higher cost , but I guess you get what you paid for .
 I have used Frontline Plus for many years . HOWEVER , this batch does NOT work . I do not know if this is a counterfeit batch or something happened to it , but the flea problem has gotten much worse -- not better . Very disappointed .
 If you are looking for a flea medication that actually works and works fast , then the choice is easy - REVOLUTION . I originally purchased and used Frontline Plus for my cats and large dog with no end in sight of battling the flea infestation . I powdered , sprayed , vacuumed , bathed and spent hours flea-combing and sanitizing . The animals continued to itch and scratch and had bite bumps and open wounds in spite of all my efforts . When I purchased the Revolution brand , on my cat with ear mites first , her problems were literally remedied in hours . There is no comparison with these two products , Revolution is super effective and Frontline is completely ineffective . When I mentioned it to my vet , he said Frontline had been producing this product for a long time and agreed that it had become ineffective in killing fleas . He carried another brand on his shelf that I did not know about since I bought mine through the internet . Spend the extra couple dollars on REVOLUTION and be done with the problem once and for all , you 'll be glad you did - I know I am .
 Be careful with using these poisons on your pets . My healthy 6 year old Abyssinian cat had an adverse reaction to Frontline Plus within 3 hours of putting the medication on his skin . He had tremors , was lethargic , had trouble standing and walking , vomited several times , and had foul-smelling diarrhea . I washed the stuff off him immediately , but it took a few days for him to recover . Other pet owners have n't been as lucky and their pets have died . Frontline Plus is even recommended as being not as toxic as other meds . Be prepared to wash this off immediately at the first sign of an adverse reaction -LRB- Dawn dish detergent is recommended for its degreasing properties -RRB- , and a make quick , expensive trip to the vet .
 I 've purchase Frontline from a vet 's office before and it has always worked . However , I purchased 2 kits from Amazon as the price was lower , and it did not work . I believe I received a bogus batch or imitation of the real Frontline . When I checked the packages , there was no expiration date to be found . I tried it on my cat -LRB- twice -RRB- and she is in misery -LRB- scratching , biting , trying to run away from the fleas . . -RRB- as it does not kill the fleas . In otherwords , I 've wasted my money . I now have to go back to the vet and purchase a dose so she can have some relief . Please be careful when you purchase this type of product from someone other than a vet or a pest control retail store .
 Every reputable vet now recommends not to use this product . It has not been effective for years . Recommend &#34; Merial &#34; though slightly more expensive .
 Very upset ! 2 of the 6 vials of product were empty . I have searched extensively and can not find a way to contact amazon about this product to get a price adjustment . Because it is `` toxic '' it can not be returned . This is too expensive to be short 1/3 of the product ! -LRB- I was finally able to figure out how to contact Amazon customer service - not an easy task ! They are reimbursing me for 1/3 of the cost to compensate me for the problem . Thanks Amazon ! -RRB-
 When I opened the packaging for the first time , I noticed that more than half of the vials were completely empty . Either they had been tampered with or had leaked ... also my cat has gotten fleas for the first time ever when I started using this product ordered from Merial and we have always used Frontline and never had any issues . Beware !
 I 'm giving this 2 stars just in case it was my application that was incorrect . Followed the directions to a tee and the product seemed to work for the first week or so . Fleas were jumping off my cats instead of onto them . 3 weeks after application and I 'm still dealing with fleas , and more than ever . I understand you must be vigilant in keeping the house clean , but I think 3 thorough vacuumings killed more fleas than this product.I was warned not to purchase from unlicensed providers . Merial -LRB- the manufacturer -RRB- does NOT sell to online companies . I believe the product may have been counterfeit . I will turn to my veterinarian . Amazon is a good deal for most products , but be very careful with Frontline if you do decide to purchase online .
 Have used this in the past , and it was fantastic then . This time it did not work whatosever . Was extremely disappointed . Package arrived quickly and was satisfied with the shipping time .
 We just realized that one of the packets is empty and that there are varying amounts of the medicine in the othger packets . Can you please let us know if you can send us another box of this frintline for cats?Lot #f 41751
 bought frontline plus for cats . 6 doses . good price at 54 dollars , except half of them did not have anything in them . NOT SUCH A DEAL .
 WE have three cats . In the past , we had used Advantage , but there was a sale on Frontline and the cat on the cover looks like mine so I figured that I would give it a shot.HUGE MISTAKE . After three years of no fleas , within one month of using Frontline , we are now in a HUGE flea infestation.We re-doused them with Frontline twice to no visible effect.Back to Advantage , and we have to figure out how to de-flea our house without too much toxicity -LRB- two young children to protect -RRB- . Thanks anyway Frontline .
 I 've been buying Frontline Plus for our three cats for years . This summer -LRB- 2009 -RRB- fleas have been an issue and the Frontline does n't seem effective at all .
 Oh the rave reviews I had read about Frontline in the past . I currently have 3 cats and an Australian herder dog . I 'm also living in a rural area now as well.The dog always stays outside and the cats love to wander outside every now and then also.So flea and tic treatments were a must for them.I used Frontline . Long story short . I 'm now vacuuming several times a day and changing the sticky paper in the flea trap every couple of days in my fight against the fleas.I have another couple of weeks before I can apply some other treatment to the pets so for now they have to stay out -LRB- the cats love to relax in my bed when they 're in the house -RRB- . I 'll never buy this again and if the subject ever comes up about pets , fleas , treatments , or things to waste your money on I will tell the story of Frontline .
 I spent alot of money on this flea treatment for my cats and it did not work . I was very dissapointed and out alot of money . I did further research on this product and many sites stated that this product could not be shipped by air because it would jeopordize its affectiveness . Anyone who supplies this should make the buyer aware and only offer ground shipping .
 We have a munchkin cat -LRB- cat with short legs -RRB- . He 's just a kitten , but this product did not work at all on him . I had to use Advantage which did work .
 We have two dogs and two cats . The product has done absolutely nothing to control the fleas . Plus , my older my cat had an allergic reaction on her neck . The fleas have moved into our house and will not leave ! Can not wait until I can apply Advantix , a product that actually works . Save your money everyone !
 I used this product successfully for years however it no longer works . I even applied a second dose after only two weeks hoping for a cumulative effect but no joy . The cats still have fleas . I suppose one upside is the fact that I have n't found any ticks on them even though I live in a tick infested area and the cats do go outside.That said , I 'm going to go a different route before the little bastards give me bubonic plague .
 HORRIBLE , useless product . We have three indoor cats that we treated with this product . Here we are 2 weeks later and we now have about 10 times more fleas !!! We all , humans and cats alike , have tons of scabs from being bitten . We actually did n't have much of an issue before we treated them , but we knew this was the height of flea season so we thought better safe than sorry ... How wrong we were ! Now we 're dealing with a massive worm outbreak as well . I 'm not sure what they are doing wrong , but I 'm going to ask for a refund .
 I have been reading reviews of this product online because we have used it on our cats for years , and Frontline Plus no longer seems to work well , if at all . We have three cats , and beginning in August , 2010 , one or more started to have infestations . In the warmish , humid Virginia climate , we have applied Frontline religiously each month year round . This year has been especially terrible for ticks and fleas ; all three of our cats are infested in spite of -LRB- or because of ? -RRB- the Frontline doses . One has also had three Capstar doses at his vet 's in addition to the regular Frontline applications . One of the cats is inside only , while the other two are inside-outside about 50-50 % in the summer and much more inside in the winter . The two who go outside sleep inside at night.What I immediately noticed when I turned to the Amazon reviews is that they all seem old . -LRB- Am I just not looking in the right place ? -RRB- I wonder if there has been a deterioration in or dilution of the product now as opposed to four or five years ago . Maybe as it has become more popular , it is more mass produced and prone to fake or diluted doses -- I have been interested in the veterinary promotion of Frontline . Does Frontline support vet practices in exchange for promotion ? My cats ' vets become defensive when I point to its current ineffectiveness . Maybe it is the best product going -- but I would welcome other comments in the here and now of 2012 ! My cats are suffering ! I should add that the house is cleaned weekly , but the yard is too large to think about treating . We really need a product that works the way Frontline used to -- Could it be that global warming climate changes are creating creeping insect populations too big to control ?
 I found my 4 month-old kitten INFESTED with fleas after about 3 weeks of application !! The customer service rep from Frontline gave us a run-around telling us the eggs are still viable and they `` fell off '' and re-infested the cat . I 'm sticking with old fashioned flea baths from now on
 This product works if you dont get a placebo vial . Every time I have ordered this product and Advantage I get vial/vials that simply dont work . I think these should be investigated by Weights and Measures . I used these on my two cats in 1 month and there are still fleas . Sometimes works sometimes not . This has been the case for several years of using and this product is way to expensive to slip in placebos . Weights and Measure please check this .
 I used to use Advantage and have not had a flea problem for several years . I have two cats and got Frontline rather than Advantage this time and I 'm sitting here with my kitty in my arms and fleas jumping on my hands . Did n't work a bit . I 've just ordered Advantage . Wondering if I got the ` fake ' Frontline people are talking about . Total waste of time and money .
 I wasted my money . I 've used Frontline in the past and it has worked fine . This time the fleas thought it was dinner . They just multiplied . My poor cats were miserable . Had to wait 30 more days and spend another $ 70.00 on Advantage which is working much better .
 We have three adult indoor cats in Seattle in our small home . Recently one of our cats got outdoors and we ended up with fleas . We used this exact product and three weeks later we noticed nothing had changed . There where still fleas . So we applied the other dose and three weeks later we have seen a 0 % decrease in flea popuation . This cost us 100 $ and we do not make loads of money so to spend 100 $ on a product that did NOTHING is quite a loss . I will never buy Frontline again in this lifetime .
 I have used Frontline for years on my cats and it worked great . I could smell the product as I applied it to each cat , and the flees stayed away . Now i apply the Frontline to the cats and nothing happens . My cats are still scratching like crazy as if I had applied nothing on them but water . I can no longer smell the medicine as I apply it to the cats . Frontline must have changed its formula and it was not for the best .
 Product did n't work at all and the after a trip to the vet he told me that the fleas in my area are immune to Frontline . I called the company to try to get a refund and they said since I used 2/3 doses I was ineligible . This product was a huge waste and my cat suffered needlessly . I recommend you talk to your vet or LOCAL pet store to get the inside scoop of whether this would work in your area
 My cat is strictly an indoor cat only , but managed to get a few fleas . I noticed flea eggs on the blanket so I immediately gave him a flea bath , vacuumed & washed all bedding . I thought I would try Frontline bc they were selling it at Costco . DOES NOT WORK . Within 2-3 weeks , my cat is scratching and we noticed fleas again.Frontline does not work because it is obvious it does NOT repel fleas or kill them . I tried this product for SIX MONTHS and it failed me . Today , I purchashed Advantage II bc of all the rave reviews and people having the SAME complaints as me with Frontline . Within an hour after applying Advantage , I saw a flea on my cats face trying to jump ship !! Now that is fast !
 I 've used Frontline in the past and it has worked but this year we had an extremely warm winter and the fleas were awful . This product did not work at all . Instead use Bayer Advantage - it worked wonderfully .
 I ordered this for all four of my dogs because the price was affordable and it 's a good name . Tried the generic form and it killed the adult fleas , but that was about it . I appled the Frontline Plus and a week later , all the dogs were still itching and I found a few fleas on the three of them . On my Irish Setter there was alot of fleas and I even applied another dose two weeks later and I am still seeing a lot of fleas on him . Now he is getting the red bumps from a flea allergy . That means another trip to the vet and more expense for antibiotics . I should have stuck to the Advantix II like the vet told me .
 I 'm sure it works fine for some cats , but ours had an allergic reaction to it . Would not purchase again .
 Our fleas have grown immune to this stuff . Plus I never really liked putting this stuff on my cats . None of them liked it at all . They all ran away after applying this stuff . Try Little City Dogs product . It really works .
 The Frontline Plus was purchased with Amazon Prime 's 2 day shipping . It has been 6 days , and there is no record of package tracking since the day it was ordered . I ordered flea treatment for my pets and since it now 4 days late , they are still scratching from their fleas and now I am too.Update : It was ordered on 12/3/12 and arrived the week of Christmas . On top of that , it does not work !!! All three cats are still scratching after 2 wks and now it is too late to return item . I still have 3 USELESS doses left and have to eat the $ 60 cost of the Frontline and buy another package locally . I am a VERY UNHAPPY customer .
 Arrived timely , packaged well . Product did not have an expiration date , and did not work . I am familiar with frontline products , and expected to be pleased , but this did not help the fleas . I do n't know if it was expired since there was no date , but from past experiences , I expected better . I would not purchase again this way .
 I found thus product to be worthless on my 2 cats ! They had a few fleas each ... they go outside on occasion and it did not make a difference . I used 2 doses in a few weeks of each other on both and they are still scratching . I bought a shampoo at the grocery store that worked better than this expensive treatment . Was not satisfied at all ! I 'm sorry to have listened to reviews on this product and recommendations from vets .
 This product does not work ! I purchased this for two of my cats and I have already applied two applications and they are still scratching !
 I have to say that doing nothing about my cat 's flea problem would have done as much good as this product . In fact , none of the the flea meds I have tried worked .
 Bottomline it does n't work . Bought it for $ 40 at a store . Fleas went away for a little while but came back after a couple of weeks . Now I have to repeat the whole process again including the expense . Revolution is the only one that seems to have real results .
 If you like flees then this is the product for you . Most likely a black market product from overseas . Does not work at all ! A rip off !
 I have purchased this product in the past from a different retailer and found it to be a wonderful product . The product that I purchased from Amazon did not work at all . Possibly the product I received was expired .
 Makes my cat a little under the weather for a day , and the fleas may have jumped off for a day or two , but it did n't keep them from jumping back on her . Within days , she was being attacked again . It used to work for her , but maybe the fleas are immune or something ... so the vet tells me ...
 I bought Frontline . In the meantime I read an article in my local newspaper that discussed buying pet medications online . The writer , a veterinarian , explained that many times pet medications offered via online vendors are not manufactured in the U.S. , thus there are questions about their viability . I checked the label of what I had purchased and sure enough , it was manufactured in France . I would like Amazon to address the issue of why products like Frontline , which are American in origin , are being supplied from another country . I suppose the simple answer is that they 're cheaper -- but are they effective ? According to the above-mentioned article , the pharmaceutical company in question does not guarantee the product unless it 's supplied through a veterinarian . Next time I will purchase through my vet .
 Advantage -LRB- Bayer -RRB- is MUCH better that Frontline . Frontline worked for the first week , then the fleas came back . By week three my cats were infested , with one week to go for their next treatments . Horrible product . Advantage -LRB- the one made by Bayer -RRB- , has cleared up 98 % of the fleas my cats had in just two months , where Frontline could n't keep them flea free in the 6 months I used the product .
 Take $ 70 out of your wallet . Light it on fire . Go buy advantage . Frontline is utterly worthless . I have a 20lb indoor cat who has been plagued by fleas this winter . I wo n't go into the ordeal I have gone through for the past 3 months . But in short - I followed their directions in case of re-infestation and ended up using 6 month supply in half the time . Not only did this cheat me out of a refund but made my poor cat suffer . I would give it a Zero if I could .
 Do n't waste your money on Frontline . I put a dose of this on each of my 2 cats after discovering a few days ago that they have fleas due to thier scratching the finding flea `` dirt '' when I combed them . It 's supposed to kill 98-100 % of fleas within 24 hours . Five days later they 're still infested with them . According to the brochure and the rep I just talked to at Merial , the fleas should get hyperactive and rise to the surface of the cat 's fur before they die . That has NOT happened with my cats . I never saw a flea until tonight when I combed one of them and a flea flew off the comb . Obviously it was way down in the hair coat , not rising to the surface dying , and when it jumped 2 feet in the air , it sure did n't look half dead . Merial does n't care and just said to keep using it for 3 months and it `` should '' kill the fleas by then and the ones in the environment.I should have gotten Advantage , but now I have to wait until next month to apply it . The vets near my house do n't sell it , but I should have ordered it on Amazon and waited . Years ago my cat had fleas . I used Advantage and within half an hour , I saw tons of fleas crawling off of him and dying . It was amazing ! Now instead my poor cats are still scratching and very uncomfortable .
 I 've purchased Frontline from my vet in the past & it worked perfectly . My cats were flea-free for the entire month . I decided to save a little $ by purchasing it on Amazon . It did n't help at all . I may as well have just donated the $ to charity instead of wasted paper & packaging on this purchase . I 'm not sure if the product was expired since there was not date on the packaging . I 'll continue to purchase Frontline through my vet .
 Been using Frontline for months now . Getting it at Costco . They were sold out , so I ordered here . I read the recent reviews about less potency and just hoped I would be spared . No luck . Seemed to work for a few days ... DO NOT BUY if you want something that works . There is something wrong with the manufacturer or something . Frontline has worked for us without fail , but , based on the other recent reviews and our experience , something is wrong here ...
 I do n't understand what happened . I put a dose each on five cats . It worked for three days , then stopped . My son recommened Front Line to me . It is supposed to work 100 % for 30 days . Did I get a bootlegged item ? What 's going on ? I 'll give it one star because it worked 100 % for those three days . It bothers me , I had to wait 30 days in between treatments , watching fleas crawl all over them and the poor cats miserably biting and scratching . Ewwwww !
 I 've been using Frontline for over a year for both of my cats and it work just fine until I got Lot Number E41201 . It 's not working at all . It almost seems like the cats have more ticks since applying it . I tried to file a product complaint with Merial but I got the a long well rehearsed description of how the product works -LRB- Does n't prevent attachment . Kills the tick . Most active time of the year . Tick engorgement depends on species and sex of the tick -RRB- . Nice but not helpful . This stuff does n't smell like the previous batches I 've used . I was also informed that there is no expiry date as long as the product is maintained in it 's original packaging . So this product is good for forever ?
 Did n't last a month as advertised . I applied it per the instructions , and the fleas were back within 15 days.Time to give advantage a try ...
 Do n't waste your money on this product !!!!! Buy Advantage instead . Frontline product does NOT eliminiate the fleas and specifically state 's it only controls them . It did n't even control them for less than a month in my household . I 've even washed all linen 's , vaccumed , swept , mopped etc. . I 've used Advantage in the past and with in 2 day 's all fleas etc were gone off my cats , gone out of my house , before I even get a chance to wash all linen 's and vaccumed etc. . Not so with this product . I just found some more flea 's on one of my cats and it 's only been 3 weeks . PLEASE avoid wasting your money like I did - buy Advantage ! I just went to the actual frontline site and here 's how they reel you in about the satisfaction guarantee `` Because the flea life cycle can vary from 2 weeks to 6 months , it may take several monthly applications of FRONTLINE Brand Products to break the flea life cycle that has been established in the pet 's environment . Therefore , you are required to use one full dose of FRONTLINE Brand Products for 3 consecutive months on every cat and dog , 8 weeks of age and older , in the household -LRB- indoor and outdoor -RRB- in order to be eligible for the Satisfaction Guarantee . '' So I ca n't even get my money back as I 'm NOT going to purchase more , just to get rid of the flea 's on my 2 cats ! Ugh !!! GET ADVANTAGE ! IT WILL WORK AND IT KILLS THE FLEAS DOES N'T JUST CONTROL THEM !
 I was n't able to even use the product . By the time I tried to , I discovered that each of the applicators were empty . The packaging is covered in oily residue and smells of nasty chemicals . Unfortunately , I have only just discovered this and I purchased the treatments in August , 2012 . Suppose I am out of luck in regards to both treating my poor cat , or getting a refund for this rather expensive product .
 Since I first started keeping cats , I always used Frontline . What did I know ? Put the drops on , and no worries about fleas!It seems to work . The cats hate it . It poisonous enough to avoid touching the cats , at least for the first couple weeks after applying . But I was inexperienced and ignorant ... let 's tell the story.The occasional flea I saw was just a reminder that I had to keep putting the drops on , every single month . Or so I thought . The fleas I saw in the bath must have already been dead , right ? Or maybe they are already dying , right ? That flea I found on my leg must have been already poisoned , and was too confused to know it had jumped on a human ... right?WRONG . One day I got fed up and bought a flea comb . It took some time to acclimate my cats to this harsh metal scraping , but I FOUND MAYBE 30 FLEAS , all sizes . This , right after a flea bath . Not only was I disgusted and horrified at the notion of bloodsucking parasites in my home , I was outraged that Frontline seems to have zero effect on fleas . So even though I had applied poison only 3 weeks earlier , I re-applied Frontline again.Twice daily flea combing showed that fleas were completely unaffected by Frontline . Over the next two weeks , to this day , I find new healthy fleas on my poor kitties . Much less , of course , as I have been religiously vacuuming and combing , etc. . But everything that Frontline says about their product is untrue.Fleas DO NOT die after biting your cat . They continue to lay eggs , and eggs continue to hatch . Poisoning your cat to help fight fleas is the devil 's bargain
 My cat is still bringing in fleas . She has been treated 3 times with this UK equivalent that says that it is the same . BUT IT IS NOT !! She has had 3 months of fleas . We 've been to the vet . She still has them . I 'm now buying a new kind from a different seller and hoping for a better result !
 Be warned
 My indoor cat started getting fleas while living with another cat who was escaping outdoors . Both my room mate and I treated them with Frontline because that is what she could find at the time . I trusted that it was working but to be honest I never really paid attention because both cats rarely spent time in my living area . My roommate was always making comments about finding flea eggs in her room which I thought was weird because the vet told me Frontline destroyed flea eggs . When I ran out of Frontline I purchased advantage instead because that is what my vet office carried . Lo and behold , no more flea eggs ! No more ` flea dirt ' either ! So I thought , `` Great ! We have defeated the fleas ! '' A few months later I move and suddenly my cat has fleas again . I go to the pet store and all he has is Frontline so I buy it . I treat all of my furniture , sweep and mop meticulously -LRB- I have all hardwood floors thank god -RRB- and spray flea spray everywhere . Now it is 4 months later and my cat has so much flea dirt on him , I dont even want to pet him . I come home from work the other day and see that where he has been sleeping on the couch is covered in so many flea eggs it looks like a salt shaker spilled on my couch . Absolutely disgusting . I ca n't give hime a bath because it is too cold where I live this time of year and thanks to Frontline , I feel like I am living in a flea circus . I will definitely be an Advantage customer for life .
 We tried this over Advantage , and I honestly can not tell if it works.We have two indoor cats and one clipped feral outside.Maybe we have super fleas , but right now it 's a nightmare.It just did n't work for us . -LRB- Central Florida -RRB-
 The product I received from these people was counterfeit ! The Lot numbers inside did not match the lot number on package , which Frontline states NEVER happens with their product . I will attest that they did take it back for full repayment , but I would not purchase from them as they made up stories as to why their product was okay ... it is NOT ! -LRB- `` The Environmental Protection Agency warns pet owners to be wary of counterfeit Frontline products for cats , including the Top Spot and Plus formulas . Even products purchased from pet stores should be checked for legitimacy . Determine if your Frontline package is fake by first checking the lot number . The number on the carton should match the number on the individual applicator and applicator package . Be sure instructions are included with the product and that the applicator is child resistant . There should be notches between applicator packages in legitimate Frontline , and each applicator should have a label with Merial , the EPA 's registration number , the fluid ounces of product contained in the package , the name of the product , the active ingredients and warnings to keep it out of childrens ' reach , to see the label for additional directions and to take caution . '' -RRB-
 I have purchased Frontline Plus for my cats for the past two years . Usually I purchase through PetcareRx , but Amazon 's price was better . When I got , some of the little vials were not filled the same , some had less than the others . No big deal , then I opened the stuff and it smelt like a skunk . I did n't remember the others smelling this way , so I went to Petco in my town and bought another package , sure enough it did n't smell . I tossed the whole thing and am going back to PetcareRx to purchase again , no matter what the price .
 I am giving this 1 star for this individual order , not necessarily previous orders of this product . I have purchased this product once before on Amazon and had no problem with it for my 2 cats . This one is made in Europe as other reviews state . I have also used the same product from other venders . Today I opened my recent order and did not notice until after I was opening the individual doses that it looked like there was less liquid then usual in the dose . And when I was opening it , it was moist/oily on the outside and hardly anything came out onto my cat . Usually it seems like there is a ton coming out and the cat 's hair sticks up spiky from all the product ! Even the sticker sheet for your calendar that is in the box was discolored from the doses having leaked out previously ; it had an oily stain . It also smelled like a skunk ! I have never had a flea and tick treatment , this brand or others , smell like this before . I had put a dose on my other cat as well and that was when I started to really notice the smell because even she smelt it and made a face and backed away before I could pick her up and put it on her ! I luckily have some cat coat refreshing spray I use once in a blue moon -LSB- vet approved -RSB- to help cover the smell for them and us . My advice would be to purchase any of these products from a store because then at least you can bring it back and show them at the store the faulty product/bad batch and get a replacement or another product from them . Amazon informs you that since it is a hazardous material you can not return it . I can appreciate that , but want the seller to know that something was wrong at least with this package 's dose packaging because the outer packaging looked fine . I just hope my cats are ok after having put this on them today since even if you bathe them , it is made to be absorbed into their skin.Side note - My cats have very sensitive skin and are indoor only cats in a very very clean home , but they were still scratching after using this product for three months -LSB- one 6 dose box shared between two cats -RSB- ; I think after today 's dose I will start purchasing another product entirely . I hope this helps other owners with sensitive pets .
 We only use FrontlinePlus and used to only buy at Amazon.The last package of six contained three empty containers ! The three with medicine did not have scored necks which would open when folded ... Very necessary to deliver the medicine with one hand.They can not be returned to Amazon , so we have been burned by Merial 's terrible quality control.Now I 'll buy at COSTCO and check the packaging in their store .
 I 've always used Frontline sparingly on my cat because I noticed he would be listless and quiet for a day or two . However , I used it two days ago and now he shys away when I try to touch his head or when I try to touch him on his shoulders where I applied the Frontline , he will move his skin away from my hand letting me know he does n't want me to touch him there either.My cat who loves to be petted , and rubbed and massaged all over , ca n't stand it now . If it keeps up he 's going to the Vet . I know he is miserable and I ca n't let it go on much longer . I do n't know what to do about fleas but this stuff is too strong . Think about it . All this stuff for fleas and ticks is poisoning your cat or dogs blood to kill parasites . The last time I heard when they do it to humans they call it cancer treatments and it makes most people very sick . There must be a natural way to do this . By the way my cat is 15 years old and weighs 8 pounds . Maybe that 's why he such a bad reaction this time . I read that other cats have had the same problem . Maybe half the dosage will be ok . I do n't know.I 'm going to try some natural remedies.Oh yes , Frontline does work to prevent or eliminate parasites , but it can make your cat sick.It has been six days since I applied Frontline on my cat . Thank God he 's ok this morning . He jumped in my lap and I was able to pet him everywhere even on his shoulders . In the future if I decide to try this product again I 'll use half the dosage and see if he will have less of an reaction but still be able to control fleas and ticks .
 This product did not work . It did not kill the fleas fast enough to prevent the life cycle . I applied the Frontline Plus to my cats as soon as I noticed one flea in my house . 3 weeks later , I was dealing with a full blown infestation . When I contacted my vet , she said Frontline is a waste of money . It takes up to 24 hours to kill the flea which does not prevent them from laying eggs . And the longer the product is on the cats , the less effective it is . So by week 2 it may take up to 48 hours for the flea to die . My vet highly recommended Advantage , which kills the fleas within 5 minutes of biting the cat . I applied the Advantage and 2 days later , not one flea in site . AMAZING . Do not waste your money on Frontline ... buy Advantage , your cats will thank you .
 Just opened one vial of Frontline Plus for cats we purchased through Amazon . I immediately noticed it smelled wrong . We have used Frontline for our dogs and cats for many years , so I am very familiar with it . Upon further investigation , I noticed one sealed vial in the package was completely empty and all of the rest had uneven amounts of liquid in the vials . Not sure if this is a defective batch or some knockoff product . I called customer service and was able to get a refund even though it is not returnable -LRB- hazardous material -RRB- . VERY disappointed in this product and I hope Amazon immediately checks and verifies the quality of their remaining inventory .
 I 've always found Frontline to work very well , but this particular pack had some of the tubes already loose from the blister pack , and one one of the tubes ' , it appeared that there was no fluid in it at all.We tried this over three months on two cats , and did not even see so much as a sick flea - we saw no reduction in fleas at all.We just ordered Advantage II - it was packaged perfectly and within less than a day we are finding dead and dying fleas.With the success we have previously had with Frontline , I am just suspicious about the authenticity of the item we received.I will be ordering directly from reputable suppliers only from now on .
 I went to go put on the flea medicine on my cat and squeezed the medicine out and nothing came out . I looked at the other bundle of three and another one was empty .
 This product worked on my average to small cats but it did not work on my large thirty pound cat . If you have a large cat then The product that splits dosage according to wieght works better
 I purchased a 3 month supply of Frontline for Kittens & Cats for my son 's cat . After completing all three doses on a monthly basis , his cat still had fleas . I called the Merial Customer Service Department , directly , and was told `` they only recommend purchasing their product directly from veterinarian 's '' . Enough said .
 I am not happy with Frontline . I will not be using it again . I will advise my friends not to use it . A week after I treated my cat with frontline she was covered in fleas . Bessie is HIGHLY allergic to flea bites and each one results in an oozing sore and hairloss . Her health was becoming so bad from the fleas that I was afraid we would be reported for animal cruelty . I had to resort to shampooing my cat . When I read frontline 's literature it said that if the cat still had fleas it was probably because of the environment ... OK so why is it when I moved my cat to a different environment she still had fleas ? I went through a 3 month treatment for my cat in six weeks . During this time she lost about 4 lbs ... She is not an obese animal so she really did n't have that weight to lose . She became lethargic and disinterested in playing . Then I ordered advantage and now I 'm having no problems at all . She 's gained her weight back plus a pound or so . She 's active and back to her playful self.As I treated my cat , I treated my yard with OrthoMax and I used a bit more than recommended . I also flea bombed my house several times during this .
 I used this products on my cats . At first , the flea number declined . But in just a few days they came back . I also use the Frontline spray on all carpet and bedding . It might also be too irritating for cats . One of my cat throw up three times after applying . Not recommend .
 Used Frontline years ago and it was wonderful . With only one application , all fleas were gone and the cats were happy . This is the second time in more than 15 years that my cats have had fleas . I purchased Frontline again , expecting to get the same wonderful , immediate results.What a huge disappointment !!! My cats continue to suffer with fleas . I 'm very frustrated and the cats are miserable .
 My cats still have fleas . I give it one star because there are not as many . I found out later that my vet does n't recommend Frontline at all .
