 I have had the charger for more than two years . It charges AA batteries just fine , but has a huge problem securing smaller AAA batteries . To charge the smaller batteries you need to flip down the little button at the positive end . In the beginning one of the four AAA batteries would pop up , and now three out of the four wo n't hold . The problem is the flip mechanism became loose , and any horizontal pressure would push the buttons back up . What I have to do now is using duct tape and a segment of crayon , apply the crayon on the buttons , and wrap the tape around . You know how painful that is .
 I bought one of these chargers . . the instructions say the lights stay on while the battery charges ... true . The instructions doNT say the lights turn off when its done . Which is also true . 24 hours of charging and the lights stay on . I returned it thinking I had a bad unit.The new one did the same thing . I just kept it since it does charge ... but the lights are useless since they seem to always stay on . It 's a `` backup '' charger for when I manage to drain all my AAs but I would n't want this as my only charger .
 I read the reviews , made my purchase and was very disappointed . The charger is convenient by charging all four batteries at once but the charge only lasts a very short time . I now have to go and find batteries that will give me longer life than the kodak NiMH AA batteries .
 I bought this charger in Jul 2003 and it worked OK for a while . The design is nice and convenient . However , after about a year , the batteries would not hold a charge . Might as well just get alkaline disposables , or look elsewhere for a charger that comes with batteries that have better staying power .
 I 've had this for just over a month . I had read other reviews on this product prior to purchasing , and to me it seemed like it had received good reviews as simple-to-use machine with good attribues for not-so-electronic-literate person like myself . It had been working just fine , until few days ago I was playing a DVD and all of a sudden it would freeze , and on the TV screen there would be many different colored squares , completely distorting the image . And now , the Dvd player does not even recognize any format -LRB- I 've tried CDs , DVDs , and even VCDs -RRB- , as it only says `` Incorrect Disc '' . I just now found another review where the person had the same problem , had to take it to a local service center , got fixed , came back , and the exact same problem popped back up three weeks later.Reading that , I do n't even know if I want to even bother taking it to get it fixed . Since it still plays VHS perfectly fine , maybe I 'll just invest in a simple DVD player , which defeats the whole purpose of why I bought a DVD/VHS combo player in the first place ...
 I also began having the incorrect disc problems that I 've read about on here . The VCR still works , but hte DVD side is useless . I understand that DVD players sometimes just quit on you , but after not even one year ? To me that 's a sign on bad quality . I 'm giving up JVC after this as well . I 'm sticking to Sony or giving another brand a shot .
 I am a big JVC fan , but I do not like this model , I was suspiscious when I saw several units in the return section of the store . I bought one anyway -LRB- new -RRB- and must say I am not happy . The unit sends out clicks to the receiver once in a while , the transition between scenes is not always smooth , -LRB- like a little pause -RRB- and while it is still fairly new I ca n't get any DVD , CD or even a DVD headcleaner to work . All I get is a `` incorrect disc '' message .
 I love the style of this , but after a couple years , the DVD is giving me problems . It does n't even work anymore and I use my broken PS2 Now . I would n't recommend this , I 'm just going to upgrade to a recorder now . I wish it would work but I guess i 'm giving up on JVC . I really did like this one ... before it stopped working . The dvd player gave me problems probably after a year of having it .
 I can not scroll through a DVD menu that is set up vertically . The triangle keys will only select horizontally . So I can not select anything on most DVD 's besides play . No special features , no language select , nothing , just play .
 My experience
 I purchased my 6620LDG , like other reviewers , to replace my old kitchen TV . I really wanted an LCD with a built-in DVD player . While I like the TV just fine , the remote is another story . I actually wrote to the manufacturer about the remote and gave them quite an earful . Included in my e.mail was the following : `` While I find the overall TV to be good , I am appalled at thequality and functionality of the remote that operates and comes withthat particular model . I simply ca n't believe that a name brand likeSylvania would provide such a poorly designed remote to accompany ahigher-end TV . '' '' ... this remote is very uncomfortableto hold and operate . It is as if your designers made no accommodationsfor how people hold remotes , and what makes them comfortable . '' `` Seriously . I cantt imagine who designed the actual size and shape of that remote or which idiot approved it 's public distribution , but the entire lot of them need to find other professions if they think that this remote is at all acceptable . '' `` A remote should be , at the very least , functional and comfortable enough to go unnoticed , dont you think ???? Aside from the horrid shape , size and weight of the remote , this remote has an absolutely terrible layout and lacks some of the most basic buttons that come with the cheapest of remotes . I was shocked and horrified to realize that this hideous remote had no `` last channel '' button . Are your designers living in the 70s or do they just have their heads up their butts ? '' `` I havent had a TV remote in my hand without a last channel button in at LEAST 20 years . Since the remote is so huge , how could it not have one of the most traditional buttons on it ? I consider the very lowest and feature-less remotes to be those in hotel rooms . They look like top-of-the-line models when compared to this piece of crap.On top of not having the basic buttons , and amongst other issues , the remote is frustrating because
 I bought this for my wife for her birthday , and had toreturn it because the DVD palyer would not work . I returned it and got a repalcement , which once again the DVD player failed to work ! It is a piece of junk .
 This TV is set so that it is not capable of a `` recall '' function . If you want to flash back between channels , this TV is not going to give it to you . The remote control that comes with the TV has no recall function , so I bought a Sony universal , which is a much better remote , that had the recall button on it . However , I soon learned that the TV is set at the factory to not have the capability to flash-back . It may not be a big deal to some , but this user found it very annoying .
 Was hoping that this drive would run off of bus power , but it required the adapter to actually work . :-LRB- I sent it back .
 I am disappointed in its performance . It seems underpowered and is constantly trying to read CDs , half the time unsuccessfully . I am going to try to return it to Amazon .
 Bought this camera for Christmas . Had her open it first so she could film the nights party & NO TAPES ARE INCLUDED ! Of course all stores are closed Christmas day so the thing is USELESS until the day after . Shame on Sony . How much would a tape included in the packace cost them ? Not included Battery chargers are ...
 This product description is WRONG . I purchased this product because of this `` $ 25,000 '' equipment warranty . Product received only states that the actual surge protector is under warranty and has no mention of equipment warranty . Is Amazon starting to make stuff up now ?
 I 've had the camcorder for a while now , and was hoping to be able to use the USB streaming feature to make small computer movies and send them to my friends and family overseas . Although the camcorder is good the included software is weak and the USB streaming makes a very choppy poor quality AVI file . I recently got a new computer and could not find the device driver disk that came with the camcorder . Sony technical support was a joke and they ended up trying to sell me a driver for my camcorder . So now I have a camcorder that I can plug into my TV or record onto a VHS -LRB- Do people still use VHS ? -RRB- but any dreams I have of putting something on my computer are fading fast . I 'm going to have to find a new way to send my parents the video I took of my new house.Frankly in this day and age an analogue camcorder is a waste of money .
 While this is a decent Analog camcorder , do n't expect much from the USB streaming feature . The maximum frame size over USB is 320x240 , which is half the minimum recommended for creating a DVD out of a home movie . If you want to get the video from your tapes onto a computer or DVD , expect to purchase a separate video capture device or card.To make matters worse , the bundled software does n't let you capture more than thirteen minutes of video at a time before it crashes and claims the drive is out of disk space , regardless of how much disk space you really have avaliable . This happens even when recording to NTFS volumes , which do not have the 4 gig file size limit of Fat32.Most third party programs will also have issues using the camcorder 's USB streaming features . The drivers create an eclectic audio device that many video capture programs ca n't see , so you 'll have to use a separate audio cable unless you like the idea of not having any sound . Roxio 's products are among the many that ca n't use the audio driver.In short , it 's a decent camcorder , assuming you compare it to other devices as though the USB streaming feature did n't exist , because for all practical purposes , it does n't .
 I bought it new in 2002 for $ 400 . The color is pretty good . The resolution is very poor , only close shot get you satified . Other than that you get blur edge and barrel distortion sometimes . I did n't use it a lot for the first 3 years , only the last 2 years I used it regularly to tape my daughter 's piano class homework every 2 weeks for 5-8 minutes each time . Recently I have to knock this camera extremly hard several times to make the recording start -LRB- It 's common issue as the piano teacher told me . -RRB- . So I have to find a new camcorder now . I do n't know what can I do if it refuses to work one day in my daughter 's piano class .
 This would be a nifty little contraption if it was n't for the fact that you ca n't change the top -- my primary impetus for buying it.I have a Handspring Visor and lost my stylus . I did n't want to pay for shipping on a new stylus 3-pack from Handspring , so I went to Best Buy and purchased this instead . Not only can you not change the top so that it fits in the Visor properly , but now the entire headpiece falls out constantly so that the bottom part of the stylus gets stuck in the stylus-holder . Oh , and did I mention that the light function only works part of the time?Not worth your time or effort .
 This power adapter has only half the Amp rating needed to power the powerbook G4 17 '' . It took 14 hours to charge the battery and still used the battery partially when the computer was in use and the power was connected though the adapter . I noticed that they left out the Amps it has in the advertising . The other reviews below must be fake or they have a smaller G4 powerbook or an iBook .
 I decided to give this a try after taking a look at the Apple price for their replacement -LRB- averaging $ 80 , s/h NOT included -RRB- . The reviews helped ease my mind about using another party replacement for the adapter as well , and for the 1st few months everything seemed ok , although I kind of wished the connection seemed more secure . Unfortunately , in the past 2-3 months or so , I 'd noticed the somewhat ` loose ' fit of the plug had gotten worse , so much so that just adjusting the laptop on my legs would mean it often falls out . At this point , now I have to keep checking the connection to make sure it 's still inside the Mac . I 'll glance up at the battery indicator and wo n't see the charging icon , but rather that my battery 's being used for God only knows how long . Then I 'll have to press the plug back in again . I took the Macally adapter out one day to look at it closely and discovered what the real issue is
 In a complaint to Macally regarding intermittent charging , their response was : Macally PS-AC4 AC Power Adapter for Apple G4Thank you for contacting us.Our PS-AC4 has problem with the 12 '' PowerBook G4 . At this moment , we do not have any working one for your computer .
 This charger worked fine for a few months , but now charges so slowly that using the computer while it 's charging drains the battery . Very frustrating . Very poor quality .
 I bought this to replace the supposedly same power adapter that I purchased last year . This is NOT the same adapter as pictured for the item -LRB- I see that a customer has added two pictures of the true product -RRB- . I was not concerned with this difference but would have preferred to have a light indicating the power is on . At first , it seemed to power my powerbook G4 fine , but later it started to cycle as charging and not charging , thus making the screen brighten and darken . When I shut the computer and let it charge , it did charge some , but I 'm concerned about ruining my battery -LRB- which is also a replacement -RRB- . It simply does not work when you are using the computer . . and I 'm ALWAYS using my computer ! I will have to find an alternative to this product . I thought it was bad enough that the one I got last year quit working , but this is ridiculous .
 Be careful . The box packing for this says it works with a PowerBook G4 or an iBook G3 . It will not work for a iBook G4 . The Amazon product page does not make that clear .
 I bought two of these in the last year and a half ; one to keep with me when I travel and one to leave at home -LRB- replaced the original one from Apple -RRB- . I loved these ! They were the same model number as the one I ordered in the last month . I had to buy another one b/c I dropped one of mine once too often . I plugged in the new one , and it started charging , but then it started going on and off and the screen was dimming back and forth . The battery indicator kept going from charging to discharging . I did n't think that this could be good on the computer and/or battery . I closed the lid , left it to charge overnight -LRB- thinking I had drained the battery too much -RRB- and it charged the battery , but again , once I had discharged the battery about 25 % and tried it again , it surged again . I ordered another one and sent the first one back and it did the same thing . I really disappointed ... the charger looks different than my first ones , but it looks sturdier and better . Why does n't it work the same ?
 I am on my third cord , after returning it twice -LRB- within one year ! -RRB- . This cord does n't charge consistently , and so it makes your screen flicker , and music and videos skip . You have to fiddle with the cord for 10 minutes to even get it to charge at all sometimes . Believe me , it 's not worth the lower cost for this - just get a more expensive one that actually works .
 I 've now been through three of these cords . they seem to last around a year before just dying . The first two eventually had fatal connection issues with the piece that connects to the computer , however my third one has just died and is actually not getting any power from the wall . The little indicator just fades out , and now wo n't come on at all . Yes it 's a lot cheaper than the other cords , but I 'm just not sure its better . I know lots of people have problems with the apple cords as well .
 This power adapter charges my 17 '' Powerbook G4 excruciatingly slowly and , now 6 months after purchase , it does n't always even charge.Flakey charging issue
 Bought this guy for a Mac PowerBook G4 Titanium -LRB- the description clearly states this power supply works for the PowerBook G4 -RRB- . Never worked . Could n't say if this is a fluke or if they are all of comparable quality .
 You are n't saving any being this adapter . I purchased this for a 12 '' G4 Powerbook . The power it supplies goes on and off constantly . This ca n't be good for the computer . It certainly does n't charge it . Do n't waste your money on this Macally adapter . Try to find an original Apple adapter if you can .
 Ever since I bought this and charged my ibook with it , my ibook has n't worked ! Do n't buy it .
 I never should have bought it . It broke after using it a week .
 As others have experienced , mine starts a a charge/battery/charge cycle that is maddening , and probably no good at all for the battery . Do n't buy .
 This adaptor and Apple 's adaptor are not going to live long . They are all pretty worthless , except for the fact that you HAVE TO HAVE ONE.I just buy the cheapest 65 watt adaptors I can find -LRB- for both 15 '' iBook G4 and 17 '' PowerBook G4 -RRB- and plan to replace them within 6 months . Every now and then I find them for $ 20 - 40.00 , and buy 2 to 4 at a time . Next time I 'll buy a new laptop with the magnetic plug ! Am very disappointed in Apple . I love my Mac , but quality is definitely going down .
 I read the reviews before purchasing this adapter , and I guess I simply got a dud . That happens , but the tech support is horrible . The support staff was very unhelpful and told me it would take weeks to replace.The other adapter replacements do n't seem much better , given the poor reviews for Kensington 's model.Just hope you do n't get a dud .
 I bought this adapter for my 12-inch G4 powerbook , one of the computers listed as compatible with this AC adapter . The specs all match up and it SHOULD work . But it did n't . The power would fluctuate and the computer would go back and forth between AC power and battery power , making the screen flicker and the battery never charged . I contacted MacAlly and they said they 're aware of the problem but do n't have a solution . Their answer to the problem was to return it , which I did.If even MacAlly admits it does n't work , they really should n't keep selling it . All I can do is say do n't buy this AC adapter .
 Many positive reviews seem to indicate that this charger works handsomely for some folks and some laptops . It did not , however , work for me or my 12 '' Aluminum Powerbook G4 . Prior to purchase I visited the MacAlly website and found this line regarding compatibility : `` AC adaptor works with G3 iBook and G4 PowerBook only `` I assumed that my PowerBook G4 would fit under the definition of a `` G4 PowerBook '' and proceeded with my purchase . The adapter arrived quickly and smartly packaged , but when connected it would continuously cycle between charging and not charging or connected and disconnected . This seemed to be the case even when the laptop was powered off , but was particularly apparent when the laptop was running as it would cycle between full and 3/4 screen brightness and the charge indicator would bounce between `` charging '' and `` calculating -LRB- ie running from battery -RRB- status . When I contacted MacAlly via email about this I received this marginally helpful response : --------------------------------------- Dear Customer , Thank you for contacting us.If the adapter you purchased does not have a blue LED light on the white Brickbox , it may have charging problem with 12 '' PowerBook G4.Please return to your vendor and buy another brand charger for 12 '' Powerbook G4 if this is possible.Sincerely , Michael Huang , Tech SupportMacally USA4601 E. Airport Dr.Ontario , CA 91761 --------------------------------------- I replied , attempting to clarify that he was essentially instructing to buy from someone else . And received the following `` clarification . '' --------------------------------------- Dear Customer , Thank you for contacting us.Clearly put , this adapter is designed for powerbook G3 and G4 series , no problem about it.Recently we have received some feedbacks , just for 12 '' screen size PowerBook G4 only , that some 12 '' powerbook G4 -LRB- not all of them -RRB- might exists some powering flickering issue between charging and battery . Currently we are still under the investigation phase for the cause for this issue.Customers who had bought this AC adapter with eligible warranty can mail the adapter back to our company for us to duplicate their scenario to troubleshoot the cause . -LRB- powerbook model , operating system version , etc. -RRB- For those customer who are in dire need for such adapter , if it is possible , they can contact the vendor for return or exchange for another brand which is working problem-free with powerbook 12 '' . Either way will do.Please advise.Sincerely , Michael Huang , Tech SupportMacally USA --------------------------------------- So , I can return the charger to MacAlly for `` troubleshooting . '' But no mention of repair/replacement/refund and some vague hinting that perhaps the charger does not work with the range of laptops that they claim.Ultimately this charger may provide a good value for some , but seems to be somewhat particular ; even above and beyond the well covered 65W-45W distinction . Lastly , MacAlly did not provide a particularly satisfying customer support experience .
 This product does not work with my ibook G4 . As stated by some earlier reviews by other customers , the charger toggles between charging and not charging . Occasionally , if it is left on , it will continuously charge . I thought about keeping it , but it is unreliable and there are other third party options for $ 10 more.This one is going back to Amazon .
 It worked well for a few weeks , but then the battery of my iBook G4 stopped being re-charged .
 Recently purchased this . It charges my powerbook G4 intermittently , charging up and stopping every 2 seconds . Very annoying and not helpful at all . Could n't charge the battery of my computer up . Also , it makes a buzzing sound every time it `` charged '' for the 2 seconds . Maybe mine was faulty , but I would rather find another brand than exchange it for another one . I 'd put zero stars , but you ca n't put up a review without one.I instead , bought a BTI -LRB- brand -RRB- charger . Many people will give a bad review without giving you an alternative or solution then . I recommend the BTI powerbook charger . You can find it on Amazon for CHEAPER than the Macally by searching `` Battery Technology AC Adapter for Notebooks -LRB- PS-MC-G4 -RRB- '' . It cost me $ 27.84 instead of $ 33.24 . Not a huge difference in money , but there is a huge difference in performance . The BTI charger works quite well and does n't heat up badly . FINALLY AN ADPATER THAT WORKS WELL ! I 've had 2 apple adapters , a Macally , and now the BTI . Try the BTI .
 I bought one of these adapters about a year ago to replace the original apple charger that came with my ibook G4 . The Macally worked fine for about a year then died ; since it lasted as long as the pricier apple one , I decided to go ahead and get another one . The new adapter - which is listed as exactly the same product I bought the first time - is physically different , and I think is not really compatible with the ibook G4 ; the charger does n't always connect firmly to the laptop . And it could be a coincidence , but in the month since I have had it my computer has started having sudden power failures when running off a/c power -LRB- but has no problems running off battery -RRB- . I guess I will be shelling out for the apple adapters in future - this one seems too risky .
 I read reviews of this product before I bought it that mentioned that it makes a high pitched sound . I figured these reviewers probably had defective adapters . However , mine also makes a high pitched sound . It does n't do it all the time , but I worry that as it gets older , the sound will get worse . Although it charges my computer fine , if I could do it over again , I might pay the extra money and get a different brand ... unless you do n't mind high pitched noises .
 Bought this about a month ago as a back-up adaptor . When used on my Powerbook G4 and my wife 's iBook G4 , it does not charge them when in operation . It supplies power so that the units are functional when plugged in , but it will only charge the units when they are closed or turned off . I 'd give this a one star , but at least it powers them when they 're on , even without the charging .
 Nice form factor etc. . . but bad function . Product appears to charge my Powerbook G4 12 '' when it is off or asleep , but when working it cycles on and off and emits a faint buzzing sound from the brick . Try another product .
 my ac adapter broke down as well , the tip going into the computer simply fell out of the plastic plug . do n't get it . it 's basically $ 40 wasted .
 I received a different adapter so I can not really tell you about the Macally adapter . I received an adapter from Inspire and it does not have the longer cord , the velcro strap or the led lights . But it does charge my computer and it arrived quickly .
 This adaptor does not work with the dual USB iBook . It looks like a good product , but the plug does n't fit .
 I had to return it and order the original one
 This product should have arrived at least 12 days ago ... I may be out some money .
 I take back my previous comments as now this adapter is dead , and MUCH faster than my original one . I await Macally 's response to my request for a new one .
 I 'm sure this product is great for G4 Powebooks and G3 iBooks , but nowhere in this product description does it say that this adapter is NOT for use with iBook G4s . I tried this on my iBook G4 , and the computer kept switching back and forth between battery power and the power supply from the adapter . I 'm returning this to Amazon tomorrow , but am upset that I wasted $ 20 overnighting this adapter because I absolutely need to use my computer this weekend . I wish they would update the product description to make it explicit that this is for Powerbook G4s and iBook G3s ONLY .
 Look carefully at the pictures for this product . The initial picture , without the brand name and with a blue LED light , is the product that works on iBook G4 . The customer photos show a completely different product , one that is not recommended for use on iBook G4 . I did not receive the product in the initial picture , but thankfully I noticed this before I opened the package -LRB- the package says iBook G3 -RRB- and I called the support line . They said I had not received the right product and could not guarantee that the product would work correctly -- or at all , so I ordered a replacement through Amazon . Still , I did not get the right product . Amazon told me they would stop selling this product as there is a problem with what is being shipped . I got my money back and went to our local Mac 2nd party store to find something reliable for the G4 .
 I 'm now on my third charger for my Powerbook -LRB- my dad says I 'm rough on equipment -RRB- . Let me tell you , the Macally is NOT it . Like others , it fluctuates between charging and battery every 1-2 seconds and the brick makes weird squeaky noises . After not having a computer for a week and being so relived to finally get this charger , I was almost in tears to find that it is a piece of crap . It charges when the computer is off or in sleep mode , but that 's not going to cut it . If you have a Powerbook G4 , do n't waste your money on this .
 I bought this charger thinking that it would be compatible with my late 2005 iBook G4 . The description page has nothing stating that it is not for ibook G4 but only for Powerbook G4 and ibook G3 . Also , after only about 3 weeks of use the charger died completely . This is by far the worst charger I have ever had . Pros
 Ordered this item in October 2008 , as my original iBook power adapter had developed a short . The first Macally adapter I received powered the computer fine , but as soon as I let the battery deplete and expected the adapter to charge the battery , it failed . It would alternately go on and off -LRB- the power icon in the menu bar indicated this , toggling between `` powered '' and `` battery only '' every second or so -RRB- , and the white brick was making odd clicking noises.Returned it . Received a replacement . Same problem - as soon as it needed to charge the battery , the adapter failed . I gave up , asked for a refund , and purchased an Apple charger instead -LRB- with only a failing adapter for power , I was not inclined to give the Macally adapter a third try -RRB- . I should also note that the `` new '' design for this item does NOT match the photo shown here
 this charger does not have enough power to charge my Powerbook G4 while it is running . it will show the charger indicator back and forth from battery power to charging.But when I charge while it is off , it works perfect.I had requested a replacement once and the result was still the same .
 I have been very unhappy with this product because it :1 -RRB- makes a high pitched buzz2 -RRB- intermittently stops providing enough power causing my computer to constantly switch back and forth between battery and wall power .3 -RRB- the cord is difficult to wrapI 'll be trying to return it through the warranty process , but I wish I had just coughed up the -LSB- lots of -RSB- extra money to buy an Apple one .
 Well , it was a good deal and seemed to work well for a month ! But after the stated time it quit . I noticed that the charging/battery guage on the tool bar was flickering back and forth and noticed a quiet humming sound coming from the power adapter . Since I live in Eastern Europe and someone brought this here from the US for me to use as a second adapter -LRB- to use at work -RRB- it will be hard to return . Maybe it was a fluke , but now I 'm down to the original adapter and no backup . Hope you have better luck .
 I have been through two of these , each one only worked for a few months before going bad . After three months and only sporadic use , the first one I bought started cycling on-off continuously . This is n't apparent unless you are using it while plugged in , but the battery icon will show it is charging for a couple of seconds , then flip back to the battery icon for a couple of seconds and so on . I contacted the company , which confirmed it was faulty , so I sent it back to them for replacement . I received the replacement from Macally and after a couple of months , the second one started doing the same thing . I have read this is a pretty common occurrence with this product . I suppose there is a reason that it 's a third the cost of the Apple product .
 My Apple charger broke and I needed to buy a new one . Thinking it was ridiculous to spend $ 80 on a charger , I went with this Macally charger . I read most of the reviews here on Amazon , including the one and two star reviews from people who said the charger did n't work and , when plugged in , oscillated between charging and not charging the computer . I figured they might have received a dud and decided to try my luck anyhow . I have now received two of these items from Amazon both with the same problem . When I plugged it in and was using the computer at the same time , the power oscillated between charging and not charging every second or two . When I put the computer to sleep or turned it off , it seemed to charge the computer . Anyhow , after having the same problem twice , I decided to shell out the bucks for an actual Apple charger instead of having to deal with the annoying charger and keep sending them back and forth to Amazon.I do believe , however , that this charger fried my computer 's battery . After using this product a few times , hoping I could get it to work , the battery meter would read 70 % charged but the computer would just shut down because , in reality , it was not charged . The guy at the Apple store said that I would have to replace my battery eventually but that the charger probably helped speed that process along.Anyhow , I am now poorer from having to purchase both an Apple charger AND a new battery , but now I 'm happy that I can actually use my laptop ! I would not recommend this product to anyone not only for the inconvenience of having to deal with a faulty product but also because it can actually mess with your laptop.On a side note , Amazon returns were GREAT . Very efficient ... I have not had any problems with them . They even sent me the replacement product before I had a chance to mail back the first one . Something I was not expecting at all .
 I purchased this adapter to replace another PS-AC4 that worked for about 18 months before going belly up . This one lasted two weeks . I called MacAlly and quickly got an RMA number , then I overnighted the defective item to them . That was ten days ago , and I 'm still waiting for the replacement to arrive .
 I bought this because it was a cheaper alternative to Mac 's -LRB- ridiculously priced -RRB- $ 80 charger . At first it worked pretty good , but about a week or two after i got it it seems to not be working like it should . i think there is some kind of warranty , so i should try and exchange it ... but sometimes when it is plugged into my computer it will charge for one second , then stop for one second , charge for one second , stop for one second , etc. . It still manages to charge the computer , but im not sure if all this on \ off stuff is necessarily good for my computer ...
 I used one Macally charger for my G4 for a month before it died and stopped charging my computer . Amazon replaced the product and my second one lasted one day . I returned it and am now using an apple charger .
 I read the reviews on this site and noticed that some said they received the wrong product . After looking at mine i noticed i too had been slipped the Inspire adapter , not the Macally that i ordered -LRB- which is far superior to the cheap knock off -RRB- . I have been trying to contact Clear AV but they are never available . . am off to contact Amazon next .
 I plugged this item into my laptop and nothing happened . No power - nothing.When I unplugged this adapter the negative metal ring from the plug stayed lodged inside of my computer , I had to remove it with needle nose pliers.I had to call the company 5 times before getting a rep on the phone as I was continually placed in automated limbo for about 15 per call . The rep actually admitted to me that this happens alot because the rings are too small and fit to tight in the computers.I was really looking forward to saving some dough . But this adapter was surprisingly worse the the original that came with the computer.They are sending me return authorization .
 I bought my first Macally a year and half ago , and it worked great for about 7-8 months . After reading all the then recent bad reviews , I decided to risk it and order another one ... it 's not worth it . My second Macally acts exactly as all the other defected ones
 This charger is horrible . Worked for long enough for me not to be able to get my money back from Amazon . Makes the screen blink while charging and flashes back and forth from charging to not charging . Customer service at this company is horrible . After waiting two weeks for a response they wanted me to send it back before I get a new one . Who knows how long that will take . I am probably going to have to trash this waste of money for the more expensive Apple one . I guess you get what you pay for .
 An AC/DC power converter is a very basic item , so I had little doubt that this sub for the expensive Apple original would be effective , though not stylish . Unfortunately , we have had problems . The Powerbook started delivering electrical shocks and inconsistent charging with this adapter , and they got worse when we moved to a country on 240V . I know that the shock problem comes from the Macally adapter because I have another PB and an original Apple power supply , so can do all combinatorial tests . I like Macally and have several of their other products . I probably just got a bum unit but unfortunately can not deliver a positive review based on previous experience with the company .
 The adapter worked fine for my power book g4 for a few months and then it broke . Nothing physically happened to the adapter for it to break , but suddenly it just would n't charge any more . What 's interesting is that the blue light on the brick goes on when plugged in to a power source , but if I plug the cable that attaches the computer to the brick in , the light goes out and it does n't charge .
 We ordered the Macally PS-AC4 power adapter and received an entirely different product from a differnt comany . As noted by other Amazon shoppers we received th Inspire M8482 . This adapter is differnet in the following ways . . instead of the 10 ` cord with a velcro wrapper , it has a short cord that leavesthe transformer hanging from the input of your computer . This will ultimately break the DC connection from the board . . this is not repairable . Their is no led power light as advertised leaving you wondering if it is on . It is clearly a cheap knck off and we are taken for idiots who might not recognize that . I am mad ! I just went through a similar thing with Overstock . Months of emails , calls and waiting on hold ... for a grain of satisfaction . It is insulting to think that these big companies have so little respect for us !
 As someone who uses her laptop for several hours each day , being without an AC adapter can be a painful experience , so when I need a new one , I like it to show up in a timely manner and to actually work when I plug it in . This adapter ... not so much.When I plugged it in for the first time , it charged my laptop battery for about a second before clicking off . Then on again . Then off again . Every second or so , there was an annoying little clicking sound as it switched itself on and off , and the battery continued to drain itself very slowly . In sleep mode , it would charge , but only after almost a full day . Eventually , it started working properly . For a couple of days , anyway , before it defaulted to the previous condition . In a word
 I bought this adapter almost two years ago and it still works-kind of . The insulation on the area of the cable where it enters the brick has become damaged , exposing the outer wire . I taped it up , but there is always a connection issue , where the AC indicator at the top of the screen will often flash to battery power and then back to AC . I keep the AC adaptor in the front compartment of my backpack , so it sees some but not major abuse . I 'm sure this wo n't be an issue if you are n't traveling with it , but I just thought I would relate my experience .
 After using the charger for about 2 weeks I started noticing drops in the power feeding to the iBook . After about 2 months the charger stopped working altogether . On inspection I noticed that the metal part of the plug was separating from the plastic part and I suspect this is causing the disconnect . MacAlly has no warranty information on their web site and I called them several times only to be diverted to a messaging system and I never got a callback.I 'd say avoid if you can .
 I too have the same problem most recent reviewers have had
 I bought one of these in July after my original one of three years went on the fritz . At first , it seemed to work fine on my 12-inch Powerbook G4 . It had to turn my laptop over to see the green light and insure that it was charging . It 's a bit inconvenient since the original one lit up at the connection so that I could immediately see it 's charging state . The Macally Adapter charged my battery and spare with no problems.The real issue came when I wanted to use my computer at the same time as charging it . The screen flickered dim and full , every few seconds . The effect is just like the difference when the original charger was plugged in with the computer power-saving feature on . The screen goes from power-saving dim to full power , only this time , it keeps cycling . When I opened the Powersaver I could see that the charger was cycling between charging and not charging . Then I read on another web site that the Macally Charger does n't work with Aluminum powerbooks , which mine is.If you just want to charge your powerbook when it is off , the charger seems to work okay -LRB- at least , after a month of use -RRB- . But trying to use the computer with the power plugged in , like you might do giving a presentation , is most annoying.I wish I had check this one out a bit more . It 's not easy finding a charger now that Apple no longer makes the 12-inch . I ca n't vouch for how this might work on other laptops but I sure do n't recommend it for the 12-inch Powerbook G4 .
 I read the first few reviews on here and decided this product was a good buy . I could n't have been more wrong . After a few days of usage it started to charge for a second , then stop for a second , repeating on end . I 've read some more reviews , and it seems this is a common problem . Though it seems other people are satisfied with this product , so my advice would be to stay away from a product with such an evidently high percentage of lemons unless you feel like rolling the dice .
 The Macally PS-AC4 Power Adapter would not charge my PowerBook . I tested it with a multimeter , and found that it had an open lead.I contacted Amazon -LRB- even better , through their web site - no waiting on the phone or waiting for an email -RRB- , and they shipped another.This second one had the same problem as the first.I contacted Amazon again for a refund.The product was junk , but the service was excellent !
 I had the original Apple charger that came with my Powerbook G4 . It lasted me about a year and a half . I opted for this Macally charger , for two reasons , 1 . the price 2 . the great reviews on Amazon . I have had the charger for less the 6 months and it is already non-functional . Yes it is cheaper than the Apple charger , but it really comes out to the same price , considering that an apple charger costs about $ 90 and lasts 1 1/2 years and the Macally costs $ 30 and lasts six months .
 I bought this plug as a substitute to replace the Apple one that blew out . Unfortunately , this plug seems to have problems . I noticed that it heats up really badly when plugged into some plug outlets and causes my laptop to heat up as well . Once , I also heard some noise coming from my iBook G4 that was n't there before . This noise went away when I unplugged the power cord . What I 'm most upset about though is that it seems to have shortened the battery life of my computer to about 50 % now ! I think I should have bought the Apple plug instead .
 Unfortunately I shall not be able to review the Macally Power Adapter . I did not pay due attention to the fact that the AC adaptor works with G3 iBook and G4 PowerBook only.I plugged it in with a G4 iBook , it made some complaining noises and it died . Maybe it would be proper to really WARN that it will NOT work with a G4 iBook in CAPITAL LETTERS . $ 40 . - down the drain !
 Its hard to find these types of chargers since Mac switched to the magnetic type . Its hit and miss with the working . My battery indicator switches from charging to not in a blinking fashion .
 After 4.5 months , the adapter died . I contacted Macally about the one year warranty and learned :1 . the only way they will issue a refund is if the adapter causes a fire ! 2 . I needed to send the adapter to the manufacturer in California for them to evaluate -- I would be without a power cord for a week . They said the replacement adapter might be refurbished.Ultimately , I went to the Apple store and purchased a Mac power cord .
 its is unclear rather this really works with G4 Powerbook . the connector that plugs in to the powerbook fits , but the connection itself is unstable and easily disrupted by just a little wiggle or touch of the cable or connector . If you are looking for a replacement cable go with Apple branded . that one works .
 This is one of the most poorly designed and implemented chargers around . I own a 15 '' Powerbook G4 -LRB- which this is listed as being compatible with -RRB- . The problem is that this is n't actually a 65watt power cord ... so do n't expect to use your computer while it 's charging ... and do n't expect to be able to touch the `` brick '' as it 's plugged in , you 'll burn yourself.I 've returned this item and got a charger from another company for just a few dollars more that works a TON better .
 Macally is a terrible company . NOT worth the money you save . I recently bought a power cord thru them that emits an electrical current thru my computer . They will only send me a replacement but wo n't give me my money back . Not worth the risk . Buy Mac!Macally PS-AC4 AC Power Adapter for Apple G4
 I bought this power adapter and it worked just fine at first . I took good care of it and after about six months it just stopped working .
 just got this charger yesterday to replace my broken apple charger.All this charger does is allow me to turn on the computer -LRB- sometimes -RRB- , it does NOT charger my powerbook g4 .
 Spoke praises too soon after owning the product for just a couple of days . Turned out , after about five days of use , the adaptor would not charge my battery -- I 'd plug it in , but the battery icon and the a/c power icon -LRB- lightning bolt -RRB- kept flickering back and forth as the battery drained down . I guess in this case , `` adaptor '' is an acronym for A Disappointing Amazon Purchase To Obviously Return . I packed up the product , returned it , and was promptly sent a new one , which had the same exact problem after only one hour of use -- if you read the other one-star reviews here , you 'll see that this is a very common problem with this product ! I 'm nutty enough to give it one more try , if they 'll send me yet another adaptor -- will post again with review , and if the third one does n't work , either , I believe the seller has a moral obligation to remove this product from Amazon . Oh , and for the record , I tried my old original Apple adaptor and , despite it 's loose , wobbly connection , it charged my computer just fine ! -LRB- So the problem is definitely their product , not my computer . -RRB-
 I just got the adapter today , I plugged it into my iBook G4 , and I was able to turn it on , but the battery does n't charge , and after a minute or two , the screen dims and the laptop goes to sleep . Buyers beware ! You might consider an official Apple adapter !
 I had this charger for over two years . Last week while it was plugged into my computer , it just died . No blue light no current . I ended up splicing the connector to my old frayed Apple charger . The connector is much better than Apple 's .
 Everything the other reviews say about this product is largely true
 i bought this product when my original ac adapter was destroyed by my dog . even at the price i paid , this was an awful product . most of the time i had to spend forever to jiggle the connecter into my mac to get it to even stay connected , and then it would just spontaneously stop charging and i have to jiggle again . it 's awful ! i never had any problem like that w / my original mac ac adapter . it 's gotten so frustrating that i think i 'm going to take a hammer and smash it into pieces . and technical support does n't reply my inquiries . do NOT buy this product , even if it seems cheap ! stay away from it ! look around on craigslist and buy a used adapter instead . this adapter is garbage
 I bought this to replace my ` falling apart ' original charger . Worked like a charm for 3 months , then I found my computer dying on me . The charging signal would change frequently from charging to not etc. . I ordered a new battery , as i thought it was on its way out . I downloaded coconutbattery , and that explained all i needed it to . It showed the charger as connected , BUT not charging . I scrounged up my old charger , hooked it up , and sure enough , connected AND charging . It is without a doubt the macally charger . So i recommend it if you only plan on using it for 3 months or less . So not only am I out a charger , i ordered a battery for no reason .
 Adapter worked flawlessly for six months , then became intermittent . Seems to be broken or shorted somewhere near the connector to the computer . Even the ridiculously flimsy cord from Apple lasted longer than six months , so I ca n't say I 'm pleased . Macally says they 'll sell the connector cable separately for $ 17.00 which is not much of a bargain .
 I have a powerbook g4 . after my apple chargers broke twice within 2 years -LRB- once the tip broke off inside my computer and would have cost $ 1200 to repair-but only cost $ 200 due to applecare ; the other time the charger randomly started shooting bright orange sparks inside the point that connects to the laptop -RRB- , i decided to try this one . in january , i bought one of the original chargers as described in this listing from microcenter , with the blue LED light . during the first half hour , i got the endless charging/not charging/charging cycle , but eventually that subsided and it worked fine for about 2 weeks . I ended up buying a different charger from ebay and returned the macally charger , because i was n't confident in the durability of this product.now its may , and the charger i bought off ebay completely stopped working , so i returned to microcenter . they have the NEW macally chargers that do n't have the blue light . I bought one to hold me over until i can find a better alternative , and after 24 hours being plugged into my computer , it NEVER stopped the charging/not charging/charging cycle . it powers my computer just enough to keep it from completely running out of juice . about an hour ago , i went to microcenter AGAIN to exchange it for an identical one , and this seems to be doing the same thing . that 's 3 products , from at least 2 seperate batches , that all have the same defect . i have one more hour to get to microcenter and I 'm going to exchange this piece of crap for another apple charger . i expect the $ 80 apple charger to last me about a year.thank god the mac books have magnetic chargers . i 'm sick of this crap .
 Do n't buy !!! This charger does not work . It broke twice before Amazon told me they would not send me another . The customer service was excellent from Amazon .
 I was hoping for a cheaper replacement , but what I got was a charger that was not much more reliable than my previous Apple charger.The problem with this connector is that it does n't always seem to make a good connection with the computer . When this happens , it sends the computer into a powered-charging-battery loop . I have to fiddle with the connector to get it in just the right spot to keep a good connection . While this is only an annoyance to me , I wonder what it 's doing to the internals of my computer .
 I bought this product to replace the original battery charger that came with my 12 '' Powerbook G4 . Unfortunately , it seems that it only will add charge when I have the computer closed or off . If I have the computer open while the charger is plugged in , it not only does n't add charge , it also makes the screen brightness oscillate.I would n't recommend this product for anyone who needs to charge their Powerbook while using their Powerbook . Wish I would 've just spent the extra money on the Apple charger .
 When I purchased this , it said that it was compatible with the ibook G4 . IT ISNT .
 Short and simple
 I bought this charger near the end of May of this year and it stopped working about 2 weeks ago . It is not the same charger as in the picture with the gray cord . It looks just like most of the other generic chargers available on Amazon . It charges quite slowly -LRB- ibook g4 14 '' -RRB- . I have a brand new APPLE brand battery , so I do n't think it has anything to do with that or the computer . From now on I will stick with the cheaper generic chargers until my computer is totally dead .
 This product is advertised to work with the iBook G4 , but it does NOT.This plug looks fine , but despite what the product description stats , it is n't compatible with the 3 - to 5-year-old version of the 12-inch iBook G4 , which I own and now must buy yet another plug for after this one did n't work.Consider yourself warned .
 Having the same problem as others mentioned here . Does not work on my iBook G4 . Alternates between battery and power adapter .
 The product link says the cable is detachable from the computer end to the brick , not true . It says it has an LED to show when it is charging , not true . It says it is for a PowerBook G4 , not true -LRB- From the start I had to twist it to get it to tell my computer not charging . it does n't have the power to charge -RRB- . I returned the first one to get what was listed but Amazon sent the same thing out . I could n't be bothered so I just stuck it in the corner.DO NOT GET IT , its too overpriced and does n't do what it says . PRODUCT INFO IS FALSE !
 After two go bad experiences with this product , all I can say is do not buy anything from Macally , at all . The first AC adapter for my G4 laptop went bad within 6 months and the second AC adapter was shot in less than five . When I say this product is junk , I 'm not exaggerating . Basically , when you started to hear a high pitch whine , that was all she wrote . Within a week or so , the unit was dead . After the second one went dead I contacted Macally 's customer service representative which was an exercise in futility . I was stonewalled at every turn . I finally just asked them to send me a new unit and they demanded proof of purchase . I then offered to send the old unit in but they wanted a receipt . All of this for a twenty dollar AC adapter . I 'm sure this guy has a lot of practice giving his customers the shaft by virtue of the other bad reviews for this product . Do yourself a huge favor and do not buy anything from Macally .
 Out of the difficult to open package , this adapter worked for a couple of days.I missed the light on the end of the standard Apple adapter -LRB- yellow for charging , green for charged -RRB- . But the price was right , until , it started cycling on and off . The Mac screen would dim and brighten dim and brighten . Boy , was I glad to notice that the on screen battery light was cycling between a/c and battery . Unplugged the Macally , computer ran fine on just battery . Runs fine on the Apple charger I had left at home.The good news is the return to Amazon was extremely easy , presuming the lack of destroyed packaging does n't void my refund.I 've ordered a different brand -LRB- with light ! -RRB- . This one may have just been a bad example . I 've had good luck with other Macally gear .
 We plugged this on only to have it spark and not power our ibook G4 . It went back the next day .
 This product would intermittently charge my computer , charging about half of the time and not charging the other half . It has 3 1/2 stars as an average from so many reviews because you get exactly what you pay for with this one - a cheap alternative.I was happy with the first one I bought . It lasted about a year and a half with heavy use . I thought I 'd try another one but odds are you 'll end up with a defective one of you buy a few of them .
 Like every other Mac user , I think the replacement power cord with the bulky , cumbersome block is overpriced and less than durable , so I decided to outsource . What I got was never quite up to speed , but since my laptop mostly stays plugged in , the quick charge was n't a must . Unfortunately , after a scant 8 months , with very little movement or unplugging -LRB- I 've packed up my laptop for travel exactly twice in that time -RRB- , the power cord has given out . There seems to be a short between the wires , with the hazardous side effect of causing random sparking at the connection between the computer plug-in and the wire . Needless to say , I 'm not going back to this product !
 This is my second PS-AC4 . The first was exactly as pictured here and on the MacAlly website . It worked great and I would highly recommend it -LRB- I purchased it about 3 yrs . ago -RRB- . However , the most recent one -LRB- ordered from Amazon -RRB- has been redesigned . There is no blue light , it 's slightly smaller in size and DOES N'T work with the G4 iBook.I only use this power supply when I am on the road , so I only used it a couple times in the two weeks I 've had it . Recently I was doing a Keynote presentation and noticed the iBook switching from battery to power supply every second and repeating , endlessly . I reset the Power Management Unit -LRB- PMU -RRB- on the iBook , but that did n't solve the problem . When I contacted MacAlly , they informed me that this model does not work with the G4 iBook . I was told `` You need to return it back to your vendor for refund or different brand . `` Both MacAlly and Amazon do not reflect this new information on their website . MacAlly 's site even says it 's recommended for iBook users.I am still in the process of getting this issue resolved . My advice after messing around with 3rd party power supplies ... buy a genuine Apple as a replacement . It 's worth the money in the long run .
 I bought this boombox for a kitchen that I knew needed to be loud . While the Hummer MusiXstation looks amazing and has pretty good functionality , the sound quality and volume is very low . To be honest , I wish it sounded like it looked . The radio is not very good at picking up FM stations , either . It does have a Audio in jack , which was very helpful and not available on a lot of other models.I was not impressed overall , and we switched back to our 1998 boombox in the kitchen.Pros
 I was amazed to find out that this cable was so cheap and would work with my 1080p tv . Much to my surprise , the cable did n't respond too well to my tv and left me with black screens every so often . When I did my reasearch , I realized that not all HDMI cables are the same ! If the cable is anywhere from $ 1 to $ 40 , chances are it wo n't work well and is n't HDMI-Certified . Does n't seem strange to only have to spend $ 1 on a High Definition cable when your tv and sound system probably cost around 3 grand?THERE ARE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN HDMI CABLES ! NEVER BUY A CABLE UNLESS IT HAS BANDWITH , SPEED , COLOR , SOUND , AND FREQUENCY RATINGS ON IT ! Also remember , the longer the cable the less data makes it out of the other side!Watch videos on Monstercable.com to learn more about which cable is best for you and you tv .
 We purchased this tripod for one of the larger Sony cameras that we also purchased through Amazon . The camera is awesome . The page for the camera recommended this tripod so we bought it from Antonline . This tripod is not nearly strong enough for use smoothly with our camera and when I contacted Antonline for a refund they refused to deal with me , even if I paid the shipping back to them . If you buy this tripod , beware that truly strong remote control tripods can start at $ 300 and go up from there .
 My friend bought this monitor for me -LRB- from Fry 's Electronics -RRB- as a Christmas present . It worked fine until the screen started going black for no reason . I would just switch it off and then back on to fix that problem . But later I heard a `` poof '' and it went black , and then there was a burnt smell coming from the monitor . It is now dead -LRB- after less than 6 months of use -RRB- . I will see what Soyo can do for me , but it looks like I am out of luck without the receipt . I know I 'll have to pay for shipping , and I do n't mind paying for some repair/exchange , but I hope they can work something out for me since their product was defective . ** Update 10/26/07 ** After several calls/e-mails , it looks like SOYO is going to help me out in my predicament . I ended up talking it over with someone on the phone and he was very helpful . While I ca n't change the rating on this item , it does seem that SOYO customer service works if you stick with it . I will further update if there are any other developments . ** Update ** I received the new/fixed monitor after about a month . Costs to me were shipping the monitor , $ 5 standard charge by SOYO , and $ 35 missing receipt charge -LRB- so since it was a gift it was cheaper for me to do this process than to buy a brand new monitor -RRB- . It works well , again , and I hope it continues to do so .
 I bought the Soyo 24 inch monitor based on a $ 100 reduction in price at Office Max and what appeared to be a review on the internet . Previously I had a Viewsonic 17 '' LCD monitor which was pretty bad too . The Soyo has a bad stand that is supposed to be adjustable , but I could not do it and had to prop it at an angle with a book . The User 's manual is nearly incomprehensible . The speakers have to be the worst sounding ones I 've ever heard . I am going to repack and try to return it and buy something better ever if I have to pay more .
 After reading the great reviews regarding the VCT870RM tripod -LRB- here and elsewhere -RRB- , I decided to purchase one for my Sony HDR-HC1 camcorder.When I first opened the box , the VCT870RM seemed sturdy and well made . The tilting action was smooth and had a nice touch , and the remote controls on the handle worked well . However , the panning action was so stiff that while attempting to pan , the main column would twist and the handle would bend slightly . It felt like the tension control knob was tightened , but that was not the case . In fact , the panning continued to drag severely even with the tension knob completely removed.I recently found a VCT870RM review from about 5 years ago where somebody else was having the same problem with stiff panning . However , due to all of the other great reviews for this tripod , I 'm assuming that I just received a bad one.I 'm now in the process of working with Amazon to get a replacement sent to me . So far , Amazon has been great , as they 've already scheduled UPS to come to my home and pick up the defective tripod the very next day . They say that I 'll receive my new tripod next week . I 'll post here on the status of the new one when it arrives.UPDATE
 This tripod is out of production , although I bougth it because the price and the need of lanc connection for my camcorder Sony DSR PD170 , was the only model with a reasonable price . The desadvantage is that it can not hold stablity for the camcorder , too light , not enough hight , and the locks for the vertical and horizontal moves are not good enough , you loose in trying to loose or tight the buterfly nuts . The only advantage is the remote controller and the price . I hope Sony can improve it like the next level but with more confortable price .
 I think this is my first review in the years I 've been on Amazon , but for once I feel that I need to speak out on a bad product.I bought both the DGK and theWhiBal White Balance Reference Card - Pocket Kit -LRB- 2 `` x3 .5 '' -RRB- and I have to say that the WhiBal just feels better and feels that it will last a lot longer -LRB- the DGK cards are only about the third of the thickness of a WhiBal -RRB- . However the Digital Grey Kard has one thing going for it , it has a superior laynard.I would recommend spending a few bucks more and get theWhiBal White Balance Reference Card - Pocket Kit -LRB- 2 `` x3 .5 '' -RRB- instead .
 Works as described . I am just so annoyed that Sony would lure me into buying their video camera for a competitive price without including this cable , making the overall cost of the camera no longer competitive . It 's smart for Sony to conduct business this way , but only in order to earn profit in the short term . You can bet I wo n't be suckered in to buying any more Sony products in the future , now knowing that this is how they run their business .
 I was shocked at how expensive this is so I searched other sites for one . I found a 4-pin to 6-pin firewire at CompUSA 's website for $ 3.99 TOTAL -LRB- free shipping ! -RRB- This Sony cable works great , but I ca n't tell the difference between it and my cheap one ... thus the one star .
 Cable is sold as having the ability to transfer video from a camcorder to a PC.It does n't do it . I spoke to the company and they told me that there is no cable that does that . I asked them why thet advertised this cable as being able to do it and he told me I should have known better . They then charged me 15 % to take the cable back . You would be smart to shop elsewhere . They do n't know what their products do and they charge you for their lack of knowledge .
 It worked for about a month . Even when it did work it was a hit or miss thing . I had to fool with it for a while . Maybe it was because I bought the cheapest one available . Maybe it was a knock-off , who knows ? I have yet to try it on another computer to rule out it not being the cord . Fair warning .
 If you have a new computer or maybe newer that 2003 this cable will work if you are working with one older than that like me it does n't work . So now I have this wonderful cable and waiting to get an upgraded computer to match .
 I spent a couple hours , trying to get transfer DV from my camcorder to my mac powerbook . After hours and hours I had to realize that the USB cable delivered with the sony camcorder was absolutely worthless . If you do n't own a sony VAIO -LRB- which in my opinion just a overdesigned peace of fancy 007 gear with an i.Link connection , which no other PC/MAC has -RRB- your getting frustrated pretty quick . I would have given the cable a 5 star rating , but the way I had to get the cable , by having to buy it seperately , is a big rip off . However I found the exact same cable in an apple store called `` Thin Fire Wire '' . The exact same cable -LRB- 1.8 Meter 4 to 6 pin to be exact -RRB- for only $ 29 and it works just fine . So check out an apple store near you and save some money.Shame on you Sony .
 Like many of the other reviewers , my ZR40 is now giving me the infamous `` Remove cassette '' message and is mangling tapes . I have used it to record maybe 7 hours worth of video over the last two years . Search the web for `` canon zr users group '' and `` eating tapes '' to hear similar horror stories . Stay away from Canon camcorders .
 Things I like ... - price - sizeThing I did n't like and made me return - performance under regular indoor house lighting very grainy and considerably worse than my 8mm analog . Doing further research it appears this is likely not unique to Canon but common to DV camcorders . I am going to stick with my 8mm for a couple of years until DV tech improves since much of my use is indoors filming kids , etc. .
 Things I like ... - price - sizeThing I did n't like and made me return - performance under regular indoor house lighting very grainy and considerably worse than my 8mm analog . Doing further research it appears this is likely not unique to Canon but common to DV camcorders . I am going to stick with my 8mm for a couple of years until DV tech improves since much of my use is indoors filming kids , etc. .
 world ... do noti repeatdo not get this camcorderthere is nothing worse than thisi wasted -LSB- money -RSB- buying it from amazon.comi could have gotten the same thing -LSB- for less -RSB- including firewire , 4 dv 's , and a carrying caseIt is honestly the worst , disgusting , and despicable electronic out thereif you get this you will have literallyliterally threw -LSB- your money -RSB- into the atlantic oceanDO NOT GET THIS EVEN IF SOMEONE PAYS FOR IT . RETURN IT . GET YOUR MONEY BACK !!!!!!!
 Unfortunately I had a very bad consumer experience buying this camera . I had borrowed a ZR20 from a friend the year before and liked it , so when the ZR40 came out I wanted to buy it . I read online that some people were complaining about motor noise with this camera , but I figured I try it anyways . I bought it at Best Buy -LRB- should be called Worst Buy -RRB- , and when trying it out found that it does have super bad motor noise . You ca n't hear it while recording - it 's when you are watching a tape you recorded playback on your TV etc that you hear it . The motor noise is recorded in with your audio , so you hear a loud hummmm in the background . It was too loud for me to live with . If I was recording something with no background noise -LRB- like my baby playing -RRB- , then it was as loud as his voice ! ... I have now ordered the Panasonic PVDC152 which is supposed to have good sound . We 'll see ...
 I bought this model 18 months ago . Now it has big problem . I ca n't rewind the tape well . `` remove the tape '' mesasge always pop up . I sent it back to Canon for repair . They asked me $ 169 for repair . What can I say now ? Too bad camcorder .
 Well where do I begin ? After a month of use , the battery stopped working . Contacted Canon via email . They replied battery is not under warranty . Would you like to buy another one ? Please .6 months later . I started transferring video to my computer only to find out this stupid camera eats tapes . I have lost two tapes so far . One of them was my son 's birth !!!! The eating tapes issue is a major problem with this unit . They have known about it and continue to ignore it . Do a search on `` zr40 tape problems '' to see what I am talking about . There are even more results on sister product , zr10 . I will never buy a product from Canon again . They are idiots for doing this to their customers .
 The camcorder was little dirty , and had a missing lens cover ... Joanne did not have the missing cover and did not know why it was dirty ... The power cord was defective ... ordered a new one ... Looked like it was chewed into ... The case -LRB- cassette -RRB- compartment was slightly bent and unable to open at first ... made some adjustments to it ... Fred
 As many others have reported , this Zr40 began eating tapes with only a few hours of use on it . I have lost many precious moments recorded on tape because of the tape loading problem.The only good thing I can say about this camera is the bag was large enough to hold my Nikon P100 . The Canon is going in the trash .
 I own one of these cameras and it has very low hours on it . The transport mechanism has failed and will not properly load and play tapes . Not only that , the tapes now appear to be damaged for playback on another machine . I have owned many Canon products and have been satisfied with them , but this unit at $ 600 should be avoided .
 Things I like ... - price - sizeThing I did n't like and made me return - performance under regular indoor house lighting very grainy and considerably worse than my 8mm analog . Doing further research it appears this is likely not unique to Canon but common to DV camcorders . I am going to stick with my 8mm for a couple of years until DV tech improves since much of my use is indoors filming kids , etc. .
 After about a year of use , ZR 40 started eating tapes . Do a google search on the topic , there are hundreds of people with the same problem . ` Remove Cassette ' and ` Eject ' -LRB- use those as keywords combined with ` Canon ZR ' to view message boards postings -RRB- will appear on the screen , and that 's the end of the toy .
 I just received my ZR 40 and really liked its size and low weight . But once I tried it , the fun was quickly over . Low light recording -LRB- in my apartment with lights on -RRB- was horrible and even with low-light mode selected , it was unacceptable . And in night mode , everything moves in slow motion . Overall , the quality was not that great , even in day-time shooting.I have a regular Sony Hi8 cam , and its low light and night capabilities are 100 times better . I would seriously hold out for a better camera , even if it costs a bit more.The image stabilization also makes the picture look strangely un-lifelike .
 Like many who have found this camcorder , I liked the canon name and bought based on Canon and value . It was a mistake because I do n't feel I should have already used up the life of this camera yet . If you go to several discussion groups you will see it has several issues with the deck , i.e. `` transport '' . Just google zr20/40 etc. and `` eat tapes '' . Suggest you try Sony or Panasonic .
 IT IS NOT WHAT I THOUGHT IT WASIT DOSE FIT THE CAMRA BUT I THOUGHT THAT IT HAD A USB END ALSO , SO THAT I COULD HOOK TO MY COMPUTER
 Buying a Sony cable was n't worth it . I could have spent less buying any 4pin to 4pin 1394 firewire cable . Search around . Buying name brand may not be worth it .
 I purchased this for my sony camcorder . I have windows XP on my laptop and this cable does not work . My laptop does not even detect my camcorder when attached ... Its a waste according to me
 I ordered the Sony 4Pin to 4Pin Digital Video cable for my Sony digital camcorder and it came with a bent pin in one of the connectors . I specifically ordered the Sony rather than a generic one because I thought it would be more likely to be of higher quality . It was advertised as new . When I plugged it into my camcorder it did not work . On examining it I found that it had a bent pin . When I looked at the camcorder connection I found that the bent pen had ruined the connection in the camcorder . What a bummer . I contacted the seller and they were willing to send me a replacement for the cable but took no responsibility for the defective one ruining the camcorder connection . I did not bother to get another one for obvious reasons .
 I have 2 outdoor Lukwerks cameras and 2 indoor cameras . I 've had them since September 2007 . They were easy to set up and the new software -LRB- version 2.5 -RRB- seems stable with fewer cut-outs . However , I 've had hardware failures . Within six months of purchase , both power supplies to my indoor cameras failed . Replaced.In June , 2008 , one of my outdoor cameras died . I contacted customer serviced and gave the information . Three days later , I got an email from Lukwerks tech . support with an RMA number . I packaged the dead camera and sent it in . About 10 days later , I received a replacement . In all , I was without the camera for about two weeks , but I DID get it replaced.In July , 2008 my second outdoor camera failed . I have not yet had it replaced . I purchased it in June , 2007 , so it 'll be interesting to see if they will replace it since the warranty is only 1 year . I will update when I have further results.All of these hardware failures are troubling . I speculate that it is caused by electrical noise or surges that are frying the fragile components in the cameras . During the summer these are fluctuations in electrical power caused by all of the air conditions and the switching going on by the power company . Since you can not put line conditioners or surge protection on the cameras , they are fully open to this noise . It 's either that or just the heat of the summer . Either way , the components in the cameras seem very weak and fragile . To have a 100 % of my outdoor cameras fail within 14 months is disturbing.When the cameras work , they do an adequate job . Other than the hardware failures , I am pleased with the picture quality and the functioning of the cameras.I would be hesitant , however , to invest in this system again since it appears that the component quality is severely lacking . At least , that has been my experience .
 I have four of the outdoor units that are as good as a paperweight . At over $ 200 a piece , I 've wasted over $ 800 on these . Do n't waste your money . I 've never wrote a review on any product before , and I 've bought a lot of things off of Amazon , but these are the worse items that I 've ever bought . Avoid at all cost .
 The Logitech Wilife outdoor cameras have a known defect -LRB- caps melting -RRB- . -LSB- ... -RSB- They fail in about a year . This is due to the following four 1000uF caps
 The drive lasted 3 days before the flash fell off and was lost from the encasement . The encasement was examined and appeared to be flimsy plastic . I do n't recommend this product based on a lost unit .
 I was installing these chips in a G4 Sawtooth macintosh computer and the chips did not work . I had kernel panics that eventually left the operating system unusable . The hard drive had to be reformatted and the OS re-installed . A great headache and PITA . I need to return these memory modules , how would I do that.best regards , vilppu
 At first this printer worked well , but after a year it is nothing but trouble.To begin with , you ca n't print more than 4-5 pages before the `` page grabber '' will start to grab more than one sheet of paper at a time , and the text ends up going across both of them.Then there is the printer driver , which is also not up to par -- where is the manual two sided printing that has been in the classic Mac OS for all of these years?In short , this was my last HP printer . The jamming paper feed is too much for me to handle .
 This thing works sometimes , and its cheep . Other then that I do n't have much good too say about it . It uses up the ink in the expensive cartridges like water . And is so noisy it sounds like a truck going off road . I 've owned quite a few cheep HP ink jet printers , and I 've been disappointed by them all . I am going with Epson or paying a little more for a higher model HP . In the print world , you get what you pay for and buying cheep is a bad idea .
 I 've had the P1000 for a couple of years . Worked great with WindowsME . After installing XP on my desktop I had to reinstall the printer software to get it to work . Just got a new laptop and it does n't work at all . . in fact , the P1000 causes my Dell Inspiron to crash whenever I disconnect the USB cable . When the cable is connected the laptop never recognizes the printer .
 I really liked this printer when I first got it about 3 years ago . Sure it was loud and a little slow , but it printed pretty good . Well , after about 1 1/2 years of VERY light duty , I all of a sudden start getting error messages on my PC telling me the printer is not connected to the computer . First I changed the cord to no avail , then I tried different open USB ports on my computer , so it ends up I just have to position the USB cable perfectly to the back of the P1000 to get it to work . At least it would still work , right ? Well that got me by for about six months and now it just will not connect at all . Now my HP P1000 has a nice new home in the trashcan and I 'm giving Canon a try . If HP puts as much thought into printers as they do computers I definetely do n't want to buy another HP product again ...
 No Mac support . Boooo Hissss!No Win95 support ? GOOD ! Why are you still running that outdated OS anyway ? At least upgrade to Win98 .
 When I run the software installation , it loads it 's two executable files into my startup directory . This should n't happen.When I try to launch the emarker software , it says `` Can not initialize encryption , Application shutting down '' . I e-mailed their tech support for some ideas and the responder said they did n't think the software would work with Win98SE . ?????
 I got one of the earliest examples of these new devices . They are simple to install and fairly simple to use . In essence , you put it on your keychain , and anytime you hear a song you like -LRB- and perhaps want to buy -RRB- , you hit the button . Then , you attach it to your computer via the cradle , log on to Sony 's eMarker website , and by selecting your city and station -LRB- you must remember what station you were listening to when you hit the button -RRB- , it checks the time stored in the unit against the playlist supplied to the Sony website from each radio station . You can get some info on the song/artist , hear some clips , and if you 're so-inclined , you can buy the complete song from Sony via download . This is a ` free service ' , unless you decide to buy the music . In that sense , the eMarker is a clever tool for Sony to sell direct-to-consumer , avoiding the other means of internet distribution now available , as well as circumventing the retailer .
 i brought this gift with high hopes . Sadly , those hopes came crashing down pitifully . I admit that sony had a great idea . In fact , it would have been perfect for me because I 'm always wondering who sang THAT song on the radio.It 's cute and small , but not for a keychain . In addition , the USB capability is really handy -LRB- at least for newer computers -RRB- . The product is a lot like its website -- cute , stylish , but not practical . I disliked having the radio station settings so limited and the song information arriving so slowly.I would recommend holding off for a better product .
 Save your money . It 's pure hype . If you listen to more than one station , you have to wade through several audio clips to figure out which one you liked . If you listen to anything but pop , it 's useless . It 's just a gadget to get you to buy CD 's through their web site .
 The Sony eMarker is an awesome idea , but understand that it is nothing more than a stopwatch that depends on data from a website powered by Sony and Broadcast Data . This information seems to need some help , as the `` 24 Hour '' wait for playlist updates is sometimes taking 5 days . The product is cool , but Sony needs to keep their end of the deal and update the website ... I 'd wait for a few months before buying another one so that Sony can iron out the bugs .
 I 've had many problems with Sony computer items before , but I thought I 'd give this one a try . After being on the phone with Sony -LRB- who did n't even know what the emarker was -RRB- for over four hours , I still ca n't the thing to work . There 's some problem with the program you download from emarker.com . The program has problems loading the emarker USB drive into your computer . Thus , you ca n't use it at all . If I were you , I 'd wait till they develop this product further and work out all the problems . Sony told me they would pass my problem on to the Research and Development team , who would try to get back to me as soon as they can -LRB- I hope this team knows what the product is ! -RRB- As for me , I plan on returning my emarker today .
 Great idea or so I thought . I fell for the marketing hype . This little gadget is nothing more than a time stamp . You plug it in and it reads the time stamp and shows you what was playing on the radio station that you pre-selected when you registered on the web . If you were listening to a different station , you have to look it up on their site , which defeats the purpose of this thing . You can already look up songs on the net without this gadget . In fact , you can do it better without the gadget , because , emarker 's coverage is limited -LRB- No AM , jazz , classical , or music videos -RRB- . Save your money !
 Before you buy this thing , understand one thing . When you mark a song , you have to remember the station you were listening to at that time . So if you have 10 emarks , you have to remember the station you were listening to at the time of each of the emarks . I wondered about this detail before I bought the thing and found no mention of it anywhere on their website . I assumed it would mark the station somehow . My mistake . Learn from it .
 Once you get past the hype , you will realize this device is a . . clock . When you press the button on the e-marker , it only records the time , not the radio station . When you download the information to your computer and connect to the website it looks for the song that was played on the station how many hours/days ago you pressed the button . If you selected the wrong station you will get a different song.If you use the scan button on your radio , this product is not for you
 I was sold this item only to learn , after opening the corresponding Web site necessary for eMarker function , that Sony was terminating the corresponding Web service in 45 days !! A great idea but no support .
 The eMarker is a wonderful and innovative idea . The size is right and the price is reasonable -LRB- a little cheaper would be nice , but its acceptable -RRB- . The big problem stems from the fact that Sony has no Mac support ... or support for a number of other platforms as well . It 's not like its hard to make the eMarker compatible with these systems . Sony is only shooting themselves in the foot . If this product were to support the Mac , it would be a 4 or 5 star product .
 Do not buy the emarker . It is being shut down by Sony on 9/30/2001 . I received the following email from emarker.com on 9/5/2001 : We will be permanently closing down the eMarker.com service on 9/30/01 . To keep your eMarks information , just print the screens from your eMarks pages.For eMarker refund information , please click here . -LRB- emarker.com -RRB- Thanks for your support.The eMarker Team
 I live in Phoenix , AZ and we have quite a few radio stations that are listed with E-marker . The main problem is that you have to wait 24 hours before the radio and song information is updated on E-marker 's web page . Also , if you listen to more than one station it becomes a problem to remember what station you were listening to at the time you heard the song and pressed the E-marker . Trust me , it is hard to remember which one of your 3 listed radio stations you were listening to , especially if it was more than 24 hours ago - I thought the whole point behind this product was to let you not remember !
 The set up is real easy , the site is too flashy -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- and the play lists are never updated . I have NO idea what the other people who give this good reviews are thinking . I live in NYC , media capital of the world , and if it does n't work here with hip-hop and Latin stations , it wo n't work anywhere . If you r into Latin music the site tells you the stations are supported but when you mark a song it gives you the popular songs not necessarily the songs playing . It is very unreliable , I have yet to see it work more than 3 times , and I have owned it for well over a month . If you want to get it , DO N'T . At least wait until they start working on getting the play list on point .
 Do not believe any of the so-called good reviews ! This product is nonsense and simply DOES NOT WORK . I was able to install it rather easily . However , the flashy sophisticated website is NEVER updated ! The play list are NEVER available ! I am very dissappointed in Sony . Great concept , good looking product as usual fom Sony . Typical lack of performance . My experience is 180 degrees from the good reviews and I do n't believe they are real or honest .
 This was bought for me as a gift , but it is completely unneccesary . It 's simply a case of a company using widely available technology to make some money off of peoples ' ignorance ... If I hear a song that I wonder '' ... hmm , what was that ? '' I simply log on to the StarCD website and choose the radio station I was listening to and the time . It uses the same data that this device does . The only thing this device does is record times . If you think its worth spending the money for a keychain timestamp-thingermajig , go ahead . Ill just jot it on my hand with a pen . -LRB- I have no commercial or otherwise affiliation with StarCD , I 'm just an impressed user . -RRB-
 When I first heard about this I was elated , no more guessing what the song I was listen to is called . Then I connected to the website . At the time I had a 28K modem . Trying to access Sony 's flash-enabled site was undesirable , if not impossible . I had to wait half an hour just to figure out what a three minute song was called . Also , the fact I still had to write down the station I was listening to . Doesn ' that defeat the purpose of this toy ?
 I thought this product would be great , and help out my kids a lot !! My daughter hates it and it is so confusing . We ca n't find a lot of just regular songs . It is easier just to call the radio station and find out yourself .
 Nice idea , poor execution . It simply does not work well , and is therefore much more trouble than it 's worth .
 This was the biggest waste of money ever created . If you want to know the song that much , call the station and ask them , they do n't mind , really .
 I 'm sure you can see by now with everyone else 's reviews that this product is garbage . Well , hey , if you pay close to nothing , do n't expect anything much in return ! Just save yourself the money and DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ... instead , put some gas in your car or something !
 I too bought into the hype that the emarker presented , but after using it for a week I realized how pathetic this product is . Its nothing more than a clock that marks the time of day you here the song and NOTHING ELSE ! You have to look up everything manually including the radio station and the appropriate time . Not only that but you have to memorize which mark stands for which station , it doesnt even do that !! How stupid , does sony believe they can just sell products by putting their name on it . Tsk Tsk . The product is also really dependent on the internet , so if you dont have a good connection like me you can forget the practicality of the emarker . Actually , even if you do have a cable or dsl line , its still useless .
 I 'm a gadget nut and this sounded like a great idea . Unfortunately , the execution of the idea was less than what I would have expected from Sony . Here 's why the eMarker only gets one star :1 . Windows 98 only . No Windows 2000/ME/95 / Mac support . What were you thinking Sony ? Why is it so difficult ? USB support is there ? 2 . Only a handful of `` big '' cities are available real-time . Even though I 'm in the 7th biggest city in the country , I guess we do n't count . The rest of the `` 100 + cities '' require that you wait for 24 hours before you can get the song info .3 . You can only store 10 songs at once . Considering the fact that I have to go home to use the thing -LRB- no Windows 98 at the office -RRB- and I have to wait 24 hours to get the 10 songs this is a horrible limitation . This device is doing nothing more than storing date and time stamps . Why limit it to 10 ? That 's ridiculous .4 . The website where you get the info is `` pretty '' but from a usability perspective it sure leaves a lot to be desired.Bottom line ... . Wait until they get it right .
 Do n't let the sleek look of the emarker fool you , it 's got bugs a-plenty and some serious design flaws . Here 's what the other reviews -LRB- written by Sony employees ? -RRB- and the literature do n't say : * E-marker does n't seem to work with AOL ; you have to not only use another browser , but also set that browser as the default . * When you plug the emarker into your computer , it `` automatically '' loads your marks into the site ... or at least that 's what it 's supposed to do . On 3 browsers and 2 different computers , I have n't quite gotten this to happen . * Sony seems to be more concerned about being cool than functional - to top off all the emarkers ' inadequacies , they -LRB- over -RRB- designed a Flash interface to get your songs that does n't quite work either . Simple HTML would have been fine , guys ... Spare yourself the agony and wait for version 2.0 ... this is the first time I 've been irate enough about something to write a review and I assure you everything above is true ...
 Where is the space for a zero star ! Just purchased a emarker and ill tell you one thing , I should have read these reviews first . All the bad you hear about this little thing is true . I am not priveliged enough to live in an area Sony feels compelled to offer service in , so I dont even have one station to mark . The site is terrible and I cant even get the program to `` enable '' itself . Whats the difference though , cant do anything with it anyway . This is typical Sony . My advice , check out all the ratings here and go to the website and see if they even offer any stations in your area . Believe me , they wont tell you it will not work in your area . It , however , is a neat idea . Needs lots of work .
 I bought the Sony E-Marker because I thought it was a great idea . I am the type of person who does not remember who sings what and the title of songs . I was estatic when I received it in the mail and could not wait to start using it . To my disappointment when I went to download the driver I found out that it is only compatiable to Windows 98 . I am currently running Windows ME . I tried to contact emarker for support with no luck or response . I have no idea when an update will come out so basically I have a product that I would love to use just sitting on my desk taking up space .
 no place in the ad does it say the use of this depends on the radio stations in your area must belong to their service for this to work none in my area of south west florida seem to least of all my favorite stations and it seems that the music you listen too must be of the lastest out or there is no info on it or where you can buy it so yes i feel like i got ripped off ... thank you sony
 eMarker service will be end by the end of September.Refund service has already started.I just got the device last month and am ready to refund now .
 Know this the web site for this gaget may tell you that the radio listings information is updated every 10 minutes . That was not the case with the radio stations I tried the emarker on . The only song information I could get was `` information unavaiable check back in 24 hours '' . They dont even promise to have the information in 24 hours . This is not the fault of emarker my understanding is most radio stations only update their play lists every 24 hours . So the problem is the misleading information provided by the emarker site . Caution if you buy this product dont expect timely information from emarker .
 This product is no longer supported by Sony , therefore it will not work .
 If you are lucky these days the DJ will tell you a little about the song you just heard on the radio . If you are REAL lucky you will remember what he said by the time you pull into the driveway . If you are even luckier , you will remember it the next time you are at the record store.What a great idea for those of us whose just arent that lucky.When I first got this thing I thought it was great AND I thought if anyone could pull it off it would be Sony . Well ... . as with many other companies in this economy - rather than be creative and try a different approach , they quit . I just recently received an email from eMarker -LRB- Sony -RRB- claiming that they will be '' ... permanently closing down the eMarker.com service '' even though they claim that it generated a '' ... good deal of excitement '' . It used to be that companies tried a little harder at making something a success - willing to operate it at a loss for awhile until enough momentum builds to fuel success . I think Sony gave it a whopping 9 months or so to catch on ... wow . My guess is that not many people purchased CDs from their eMarker website . But they never did try anything else to make it profitable - they just decided that the current business model for this thing did n't work so they quit.Until a month ago their site was HEAVY with Flash media . I have a cable modem and it was somewhat slow for me - I cant imagine what this would have been for 56k users ! But they changed this - made it simpler/faster . And then they gave that a mere month . Nice execution guys ... thanks for the disapointment!I really hope someone else picks up this idea , I am sure that with a little creativity it could be profitable.Anyway - dont buy it . You will only be getting back in line for the rebate .
 eMarker has been discontinued by Sony , here 's the noticeThis is to inform you that we will be permanently closing down the eMarker.com service on 9/30/01 . You will not be able to access your eMarker.com account after 9/30/01 . If you have eMarks that you would like to save , simply print the screens from your eMarks pages . You will only be able to save hard copies of your eMarks information .
 E-marker started to lose it 's appeal when I had a problem with the driver . Sony provided little assistance with the situation and I basically had to solve it through trial and error . The website was easy to manuever through , but receiving the proper listings was n't constant . I will give Sony credit for coming up with the idea , and respect it 's potential . However , for now it serves as a interesting eye candy piece for my key chain .
 Sony just stole the idea from Xenote , iTag was far better and it was Free . iTag was working and has far more station , it was so simple to use that you just needed a single plug to work . They steal idea and they are not even abble to steal it correctly . It 's just a shame for a such big companie as Sony .
 I often listen to the radio and do n't know what songs are called so I could download em . I saw an advertisement for this product , and decided to try it out . Everything went well until the first time I uploaded the emarks . For some reason 3 or 4 of each song was comming up . I deleted them , but was unable to delete the emarks on my emarker . I was very dissapointed in this product , espically the software and I strongly dissuade you from buying it .
 I can tell you that I used to have a small smart device called the iTag from Xenote and that worked VERY well . Plus ... it was FREE !! I used to use it in the Bay Area and the selection of the radios was great , the Web site very easy to navigate on . I could even get my info in real time which was great . Unfortunately , this start-up , as many others , had to close doors for the lack of $ ... . Too bad that those guys at Sony have too much money but do not care enough about their customers to launch a decent product ... After the PlayStation 2 fiasco launch , they keep going on ... : - -LRB-
 Use of the eMarker depends on the eMarker website . However , Sony has just announced that they are discontinuing the website , and so eMarker devices will now be useless . Do n't buy one unless you want a museum piece.For those of us that already own an eMarker , Sony has graciously offered to provide a cash refund for every eMarker returned directly to them .
 This product works exactly as advertised . Click the button and find out what the song is . The website is n't set up very well , and it 's slow because of all the annoying flash stuff , but with broadband it 's definitely usable.Unfortunately , it 's only usable for the rest of September . Emarker.com is shutting down , and that makes the eMarker useless . Thus , the 1-star review . Current users are being offered a refund , but my guess is if you buy one now you wo n't get that.I 'd write more detail , but I have to go print hardcopies of my eMarks . : -LRB-
 Check their web site at www.emarker.com . A pity . This looked like a good idea . : - -LRB-
 Once you get past the hype , you will realize this device is a -LSB- $ -RSB- clock . When you press the button on the e-marker , it only records the time , not the radio station . When you download the information to your computer and connect to the website it looks for the song that was played on the station how many hours/days ago you pressed the button . If you selected the wrong station you will get a different song.If you use the scan button on your radio , this product is not for you
 I bought this thing to get the names of songs on the New York spanish stations . I checked it , double checked it , called customer service , and STILL I got incorrect song information . Maybe its the radio stations fault , maybe its E-marker 's fault , all I know is that it DOES NOT WORK .
 It was most disapointing to learn that EMarker only services the top 10 major markets with ` instantaneous ' song titles . The rest of USA will have to wait more than 24 hrs to get any information . The web site www.emarker.com is slow when working within your ` account ' and the email support is poor with EMarker engaging in finger pointing blaming problems rather than addressing a resolution.I purchased 5 of these for presents this holiday season with expectations that this unit was a neat solution to hearing a song and wanting to know the title later when I got home . I did some research and my zip code was covered , the demo showed a hip session of information exchange . Only after searching for a reason to why my music did n't display did I learn the exclusion to non top 10 markets.Don ' t waste money , time etc waiting for EMarker to come up to scratch . This product is only for those in the top 10 US markets . However , if you 're not one for instant gratification , and you like to wait more than 24 hrs for an answer to a web based music device then I guess you 'll be ok .
 Sony has stopped supporting the e-marker and is offering refunds to anyone who already has one .
 This unit is quite difficult to use . The button is very sensitive , which sometimes causes false entries . The website is complicated to use . I think with a little work E-marker will be a good product to have .
 Before buying this product I read all the reviews . Unfortunately , I did n't pay enough attention to the warnings that the product does n't work . I thought I could trust a company like Sony to deliver a reliable product and figured that the poor reviews were the result of consumer error . I was wrong . The complementary reviews on this site just ca n't be real . The product looks nice but works like a piece of junk .
 These eMarker guys are out of business , so not sure if this thing even works any longer .
 its unbelievable to me that you still have this available to purchase . After 9/30/01 , you can not use this , so why is it on sale still ? and why is it going off the market ? Its a great idea , I hope someone else picks up where sony leaves off .
 Pretty cheap for a Hi8 camcorder , but quality is unacceptably poor . The zoom lever is hard to operate , and when you put in a tape the mechanism makes tons of noise , really making you nervous . LCD screen is a little flaky , deciding to quit working occasionally so you have to turn the machine off , wait 10 seconds and turn it back on . It also destroyed a new TDK Hi8 tape this past winter . I think I wasted my money , and look forward to getting a Sony this summer when I get a new job .
 The on/off switch is stuck . I can not therefore record or review tapes . I pried the switch and made a temporary contact and confirmed that the camera can record and play-back I would like to be able to return it for full credit or have it repaired .
 it sounds great im just wondering y it did not already have 5 stars ! di u think it would be great 4 my 12 year old ?
 Bought this item in July and it stopped working in December . Specficially , the playback function stopped working .
 This camera semed ok at first ... but less than a month after I bought it , the eyepiece viewfinder broke and only displayed a white screen . In bright light -LRB- like outside -RRB- the entire screen is unfocused and a light object being filmed ends up looking like you filmed the sun , it does not filter the light very well . The battery lasts for about and hour and fifteen minutes when the viewfinder is open ; this is not so great when you are out and about and can not re-charge . This camcorder is the lower class model for Samsung , overall I thought it to be cheap and a waste of money . For only a few dollars more you could get a reliable Sony.The camera did have a few pros though , the mirror , negative , mosaic and art effects on the DSE button were fun , but not worth the hassle the camera gives overall . My advice
 The camcorder worked only a couple of times.Then the playback picture was totally ...
 Like Korean cars , this Korean camcorder does what it says , but it 's not something you 'll be proud to own . The controls are awkward ... even Sony 's compact minidv camcorders have better buttons . The video quality is sub par , and my unit , which I received as a factory-sealed gift , broke after about 6 months , a first for all the Asian electronics I have owned . For a little bit more money , you can buy much better camcorders from Japanese manufacturers .
 I bought this printer new , when it was HPs top of the line . I have been very disappointed in it from day one.The print quality is fine . The duplexer is a joke . It needs the bottom of the page to grip the paper , so it can not print on that area . The driver software gives you two options to deal with this - print everything at about 90 % scale to squeeze the content into the printable space , or re-sort the pages allowing the SW to move the page breaks . Neither is appealing , so I found that I reverted to manual duplex mode - taking the paper out and reversing itself myself.The biggest problem I have with the printer is frequent paper jams . Even when using HP brand multipurpose paper , I find that the printer jams about 25 % of the time . In the quest for speed , the paper load mechanism is just too fast , pulling in many sheets of paper instead of just one .
 I bought this printer new , when it was HPs top of the line . I have been very disappointed in it from day one.The print quality is fine . The duplexer is a joke . It needs the bottom of the page to grip the paper , so it can not print on that area . The driver software gives you two options to deal with this - print everything at about 90 % scale to squeeze the content into the printable space , or re-sort the pages allowing the SW to move the page breaks . Neither is appealing , so I found that I reverted to manual duplex mode - taking the paper out and reversing itself myself.The biggest problem I have with the printer is frequent paper jams . Even when using HP brand multipurpose paper , I find that the printer jams about 25 % of the time . In the quest for speed , the paper load mechanism is just too fast , pulling in many sheets of paper instead of just one .
 This has to be the most horrible printer in the world . If I could give it -5 stars I would . I just got a new digital camera and of course just got this printer . Now when I print my photos it has blurred lines through it and is all messed up . Its print quality is horrible . It may be a bad printer - but HP is no help at all . They keep saying to install new drivers , when it is clearly a hardware problem . I want to throw this thing away , unfortunatly I got it on clearance and I 'm stuck with it . Do n't buy this pile of junk .
 I have a small business and it was important that the envelope feeder work well . From day 1 , this has been a nightmare . Components of the printer block the envelopes/labels and they do n't feed properly . If you use internet postage , you lose money with the misfed labels/envelopes . I 'm very disappointed and am shopping for a new printer now , only a short time after purchasing this one .
 This printer has been a nightmare . First I can not usemy Visioneer scanner . They say it is not compatable.I removed a jammed paper , and since then anything I print , such as invoices , checks and such , come out with blotchedprinting and paper tears . I get NO help from technicalsupport -LRB- They 're learning -RRB- . No 800 number , which means youhave to call CA on your buck.I used to swear by HP . Now I am convinced that theirproducts are close to junk . My opinion is STAY AWAY !
 The printer worked fine for about a year -LRB- no borderless prints though -RRB- . After 15 months it started jamming every single time that I tried to print . I expected a ... repair bill -LRB- replace the roller -RRB- since the printer is out of warranty . According to HP , no 1215 printer can be repaired . Their only option is an exchange . They will send you a new HP 1215 for -LSB- price -RSB- -LRB- retail is -LSB- price -RSB- -RRB- and you return your old one . Apart from a ... coupon this is the ONLY option . Buyer beware .
 Until this product , I was a huge promoter of HP printers , but the HP 1215 apparently was designed with little attention to Apple compatibility . Unpredictably it refused to print first in 0S9 and then in 0SX . I 'm frankly sick of downloading and reloading new drivers only to find they do n't work and/or freeze up my entire computer . Because of this printer I 've cleaned off my entire hard drive , lost valuable files and programs , and still wound up with a non-functional machine . It 's been in my closet for 6 months , and I 'm considerably happier with a new bottom-of-the-line Canon printer .
 I had had two HP printers . Both broke in the same places - where the paper shoots out from the printer ; the wings or the `` arms '' which guide the paper from the printer - both broke easily.Also I get an annoying message on my computer that the `` yellow box marked ! '' is on and therefore I have to exit out of the printer mode and reset the yellow box so that the ! is deleted . Then go back into the printer mode . This is so annoying that I am never getting an HP Printer again.If you look on the instruction book , the annoying message can never to resolved - only by resetting the message yellow ! again , and again !!!!!!!!
 On 04/03/02 I bought a new printer hp photosmart 1215 , it installed perfectly , now , suddenly it decided to stop dead!I have contacted Hp Customer Care re the problem ... timeout settings ... no help availadle ... also my PC tells me there are now no drivers for this device installed ! How can this be ???
 I purchased this printer with high expectations . But was very disappointed . Right off , I had problems with paper jamming and printer errors . I even think it jammed so much that a small piece broke off . When it prints the quality is great but I have had a lot of trouble with it when trying to print on card stock . It does n't appear to be very sturdy and makes me very nervous every time I try to print more than a few sheets at a time . Even regular bond paper has a tendency to jam if printing more than a couple sheets at a time . I 've always thought HP printers were the way to go , but after this one , I do n't know if I 'll buy another HP .
 We have had this printer about 3 weeks and the cartridge already needs replaced . We do not do an excessive amount of printing , so I think that is a little too soon to run out of ink.Also this printer jams up very easily -LRB- one of the reasons I was replacing the last HP printer I had -RRB- I feel I have spent as much time fixing paper jams as I have printing . It is easy to fix when it does jam up , but a little frustrating that it happens so often.The print quality is good -LRB- just make sure you have the paper settings set correctly to the type of paper you are using ! -RRB- and it does print quietly and is easy to operate . But overall I would not recommend it .
 I have owned an HP 940c now for about a year , and as it 's now 4AM in the morning and I have a long project to work on , the printer has given me a hardware failure.Having said that I 've tried it on different computers , with different cartridges -LRB- thought maybe the OS X driver was to blame but evidently not -RRB- , and it 's dead . Now it 's 4AM and I 've spent 2 hours troubleshooting the printer only to have it dead.To top it off this printer uses the HP # 15 cartridge which is a # 45 cartridge with half the ink at the same price . . you can not use a # 45 in this printer.I highly reccomend against buying this printer . Not only is it subject to the expensive ink cartridges but it has been widely known for paper feeder problems -LRB- a school district recalled theirs -RRB- , and they are all eventually prone to this sort of failure .
 Lasted six months . Never worked exactly right since I purchased it . I think it had software driver problems . Would work sporadically , then lock up and paper have to be cleared manually . Final straw , no matter what type paper it was fed , it would catch in the feed path underneath the print head for no apparent reason . Of course the paper still keeps trying to feed , so the machine just wads it into a mess . In addition to the software driver problem , I think it has a significant design problem with the paper feed as it often trys to feed up to five or six sheets at once , even the HP desk jet paper designed for such printers . I will say that when it did work , it printed well .
 My 940C lasted five years , but ate up its paper drive mechanism yesterday.The prints were very good , although color quality was sometimes off.Hard to complain when it came free with the Mac , but it is a slow printer and with amulti-color ink cartridge , somewhat more expensive than a printer using more individual cartridges.Always had minor paper feeding glitches .
 I spent over 2 1/2 hrs . -LRB- after 1 hr . myself -RRB- on the phone with HP trying to install this printer . It never would work right . The HP tech said there is a problem in the software program of this printer . This HP DESKJET 940C is everyone 's worst installation nightmare !
 This is our 2nd HP printer . Only to say , we regret buying it . The 1st HP printer , was purchased over 3 yrs ago . It 's an 1100c series color printer that is on a `` higher '' end of the printer line.Buying a G3 PowerBook had us looking for a USB compatible printer . At first , we purchased the LexMark Z55 , which worked GREAT for almost year , before a faulty part went out . * -LRB- we do a LOT of printing -RRB- . So , thinking about how a former HP product was great , we got this one at the store when we were in a rush . We did n't even look at the demo . BIG MISTAKE ! 1 . SPEED , was the first disappointment - way too slow . LexMark speed is way better , even for photo quality pics . The ole 1100c is faster than this one too .2 nd disappointment was HP changed the printer cartridges . These are NO LONGER refillable . They have metal clips on the sides , and there is no way to refill them .3 . There are n't enough printing options available . Sometimes I wanted to makes changes that I could do easily with the older 1100c series printer . I found that the options change depending what program I am on , therefore making it more confusing . -LRB- to go into detail on this subject , I 'd have to write a long long explanation -RRB- . Basically , it was a LET - down , I do n't even want to keep this thing . I 'm better off buying a different printer , with refillable inks . Ink is just too EXPENSIVE to be purchasing and not refilling .4 . When the Black ink starts running low . It Basically makes you change the cartridge . It does n't allow you to run the printer on low black ink . The machine stops functioning , and the big ink light blinks , and sends a message to your computer , saying STOP ! Color inks run low , and the computer allows you to function with low color , but different story on the black ink .
 After returning two malfunctioning HP960c printers due to frequent paper jams , we bought the HP940 hoping it would work better . It was worse . The paper jammed or was shredded every second page . It took a great deal of time to print even one document . We tried the more expensive HP paper and the paper jams continued at the same rate . We were unable to print any envelopes at all due to repeated jamming . It is clear that the paper feeding mechanism is defective in these HP printers.We 've had HP printers for years with no problems . We were loyal HP fans ; however , we 've had to return THREE of their printers in the past few weeks . That 's unacceptable . We just returned the HP 940 and bought a Canon S630 . So far , no problems with the Canon -- a relief !
 Despite the great rating and rave reviews , I curse the day I brought this one home . I have gone through at least a ream of paper in the three weeks I have had this printer -- not because I am so productive , but because the paper jams so often and the printer actually shreds the paper as it tries to eject . Several cries for help and complaints to HP customer service resulted in `` that 's a common problem . The arm does n't detract after each page . You will have to manually reset the arm whenever that happens . '' So far , that means 6-8 times per day . No more HP for me ! This is my second bad experience . You would think I would have learned by now .
 I decided to get a new printer for picture reproduction and small business projects . The printer shredded 40 % of the print jobs I sent . The roller jams the paper in back , forcing you to remove a panel and ripping the sheet from the teeth of this monster . It is like playing toy-tug with my dog . If it does not eat your print jobs , then the sheet is fed in cockeyed and it prints off kilter when a lucky sheet makes it out of this beast . I was very dissapointed after only one week of ownership
 This is a great printer for any use up to 8X10 photo production . The `` But '' in the review is the cost of ink and the fact that it uses a single cartridge . I run out of one color ink even with it set to a lighter setting in the printing menu and I am out of luck . The rest is wasted . The two sided printing is great ... particuclary with all these programs now having the ` manual ' on the CD to print ...
 My 940c stopped working completely 3 days after it was installed . Apparently , the power supply went bad . It could get no power . After spending a half an hour on the phone -LRB- my dime-long distance -- HP does not provide a toll free service number -RRB- waiting to speak with a technician , I was told the first thing they 'd have to do was to send me a new power cord ! Even though that clearly was not the problem , I had to wait 2 weeks while they shipped me a power cord -LRB- that turned out now to solve the problem -RRB- . Then , they decided to send me a new -LRB- ? -RRB- unit . It arrived today . The only thing that came in the box was the printer . No print cartridges . You see , they expected me to remove the print cartridges from the original printer and place them into the new unit . That was n't possible since they were locked into place underneath part of the printer housing and the original technician was told that this was the case . I just finished another call -LRB- on my dime , again -RRB- to HP and was told that they could ship me another set of cartridges that would arrive in 10 to 14 business days . Hooray !! It has been eight weeks since I purchased this dog of a printer and I still ca n't print ! Now it is my job to pack up the old printer and find a FedEx drop off site so that they can get their old printer back !
 I owned this printer for more than a year . It worked fine until I bought a new computer , I unplugged it , moved to a new place , and replugged it . The power supply burnt out . The printer was dead . I wasted 2 packs of unused expensive ink cartridges .
 Apparently a replacement for the terrific 932c printer , this `` upgraded '' model is a bomb . Jams , ca n't print straight , picks up multiple sheets , and horrible service all add up to a misfire . I went through the hassle of getting two replacement units shipped to me , and both replacements had more problems than the original ! I 've written off my 940c . I do n't think anyone should waste their time -LRB- and certainly not their money -RRB- on this one .
 I bought a new laptop and wanted a new printer . This wone came highly recommended from the story . It worked great for three months -LRB- of course , the length of the warranty -RRB- . It now only states `` paper jam '' and after hours of time on the phone and with the hints on the web , I am going out to buy a new printer - I would certainly not buy this one , again .
 Recently my 2 + yr old hp printer died and I purchased the hp940c.Installing the software took approximately 1 day . After spending over 1hr -LRB- my nickel -RRB- on the phone with hp -LRB- no -RRB- support -LRB- due to system error msg 's caused by the installation -RRB- , I hung up and determined the cause of the error msg 's . I also have a problem with paper jams due to what appears to be a design flaw . I suggest hp quit focusing on the compaq/hp merger and get back to designing reliable printers . If not , you might just call yourselves UNEMPLOYED !
 This is the 3rd HP printer I have owned and it has broken the fastest . My first one was around for four years of college , then it died . The second , an 820 Cse lasted about 18 months . The 940c lasted me just over a year and died . Add to this the fact that the cartridges are expensive -LRB- I 'm stuck with 6 of them -RRB- and do n't last terribly long.I 'm thinking laser to replace this one , and a Canon inkjet for color printing .
 My HP Deskjet 500 worked for more than seven years before I finally traded up for a color printer - the 940c . I 've had the 940c for just over 1 year and it has broken . I 'm buying a Canon this time and keeping my fingers crossed for better quality .
 After using this printer for one year -LRB- home use -RRB- , a plastic bracket to which a spring attaches to maintain belt tension on the print cartridge carriage broke . Rather than try to get a new part , I 'm going to throw this printer away and buy a new one .
 I have had mine for about two years . I love the color it gives but it has also given me a lot of problems . Something has gone wrong with the memory inside making it impossible to print in `` best '' quality . An error message will pop up on my screen and then it will start printing out garbled junk . I 've down loaded the latest driver -- more than once -- but with no success . It has been a waste of money to me -- especially when ink cartridges are so high for it !!
 Do not buy this printer . I have had nothing but trouble with it - it jams every other time I print , and most of the time , it grabs 3-4 papers at once , and prints on all of them . I certainly expected better quality from HP , and this did not deliver . The printing is decent when it works , which is not often . I will be looking for a different company next time .
 I hate this printer ! It is nothing but problems . Every single time I go to print even a single page , there is some sort of problem ! The paper jams , I get timeout errors , the ink runs out too fast and I am unable to fill it with the refill kits . The thing has a mind of it 's own and starts spewing out pages even when I 'm not trying to print anything . It would n't be so bad if it did n't put trash on each page wasting my paper . It 's a piece of junk ! 1 Star is highly overrating this product !
 STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRINTER , I have had a Hp 1100 and had moderate success with it , after a few months the multiple paper pickup and jam problem kept occuring with no satisfactory fix , I just got this printer and it is even worse , it does not print correctly and multiple jams even after two hours out of the box , the copy was consistantly misaligned . I am sending it back .
 I replaced an EPSON about 6 months ago that worked for about 9 months before the paperfeed went out . I thought I was `` movin ' up '' by purchasing an HP , well , this one stopped working after 6 months
 I bought this printer based on the reputation of HP -- not again . I have had it for 5 months and it just stopped working . I went to the web site to get troubleshooting info about the error codes . I have spent an easy 6 hrs working on it and nothing worked . It suggests calling phone support `` if you are still having trouble . '' I called phone support but , because I had bought the printer more than 90 days ago , they wanted -LSB- money -RSB- per phone call -- forget that . I email for support and it sent me a computer generated response redirecting me to the same web page I first started with . I am taking the -LSB- money -RSB- I would have wasted on the phone call just to get someone to read me the same damn web page and then ask me to phone back later and going to try a new brand of printer . HP no longer means quality !!!
 I 'm having the same problem as Ennus from Seattle . When I have plain paper in the printer and printer properties set for plain paper the printer works fine . The trouble starts when I load photo paper -LRB- HP 's own brand of premium photo paper glossy -RRB- . I set the printer properties for hp premium photo paper . I use HP 's photo imaging software that came with my HP digital camera . What happens is the pivot assembly arm in front of the paper feed mechanism does not retract as it does when I have the printer set up for plain paper . When the pivot assembly does not retract , the paper will jam against it as the paper feed mehanism continues to feed the paper causing ruined paper and a jamed up printer . HP 's support has been slow to respond and of no help . The only way I can print a decent photo is to load only one piece of photo paper and as it starts to print and jam against the pivot assembly , pry up the paper with a pen . You have to do this quickly as there are six separate points that the paper jams against . I know this printer is prone to having a tab be incorrectly positioned causing jams as HP has a procedure on there site for repositioning the tab . That is not the problem I am having , as the tab is correctly positioned . If it were not for this feed problem , I would give the printer 3 to 4 stars , but of course this is not a minor problem.It is extremely aggravating .
 Setup was easy enough , but this printer routinely goes haywire , spitting out a whole cartridge load of paper and refusing to print . I have tried it with several different PCs , with this same intermittent weird behavior . Only a reset of both the printerand the computer seem to fix everything.I 'm off to buy an Epson !
 This ANTONLINE site has falsely advertized this HP Deskjet 960Cse Color printer on Amazon . After paying the advertized price of $ 61.97 plus $ 22.82 shipping and handling charge , they sent and delivered you a 6 oz size bubble wrapped pack Innovera Solid ink sticks/cartridge . No invoice or phone number in the package !
 I have just spent 5 minutes trying to get this damn printer to print an envelope without mangling it . Wonderful .
 I 've had this printer for a while now , and i rarely can get it to work properly . When it is not taking 2 pieces of paper at a time , it is printing in some strange code . The quality of the picture is alright , but nothing special . I would highly recommend not to buy this printer
 I 've had HP printers for years and have always liked them . However , this printer is a real headache . We 've had 3 -- taking the time for returns was a hassle . With each of these HP printers , the paper feed mechanism has been defective . With every document I printed , the feeder malfunctioned and the paper was torn or badly misaligned . I found out on the HP website that others have had similar problems with a number of HP printers -- malfunctioning paper feeds . HP has done nothing to correct this problem . I 've now become a Canon printer owner am quite happy with Canon printers -- excellent quality and no problems . I 'll never buy another HP printer .
 I ordered this part as an upgrade for my HP e-pc c10 which requires specifically HP part P1538A . I thought this Viking part is compatible as it clearly says HP Part # P1538A by Viking on the Amazon heading . The computer could n't boot up on installation . A phone call to Viking tech support says it wo n't work on e-pc series despite it being P1538A compatible . so beware !
 It 's light , it 's convenient , it 's easy to use . But what does it matter ? In the end , the unit produces so much buzzing that it renders itself useless . It 's just too annoying , and I would not ever want to watch the footage . I 've been working with this for a year , sending it back and forth to Canon , and they tell me there is some `` allowable buzzing . '' They actually replaced mine , hoping it would appease me , but the second unit was exactly the same.I 've now missed filming the first 19 months of my daughter 's life because of this . Canon does n't seem to care much . Time to sell it on ...
 I bought this camera after looking at some other brands and this model looked JUST RIGHT for me ... The manual states that the ZR45MC requires a 4 to 6 PIN FIREWIRE to hook up to a computer -LRB- I have a brand new iBook 14 '' screen/700/G3 . . top of the line of the iBook series -RRB- Do n't you believe it ! I could n't find a 4 to 6 PIN cable anywhere , so I had to order it online via APPLE . I went to put in the cable and presto chango ... it wo n't fit ! If you look closely at the SMALL PRINT on the cover of the OWNERS MANUAL you 'll see the disclaimer . The owners manual is basically for the ZR50MC . So far I have not even been able to use my camera ... For the amount of money we have to pay for this camera , you 'd think the company could provide correct information about the product . The information on Canon 's technical site ... states the same thing as the bogus owners manual . I have 7 days left to return this camera if not satisfied . How do I know if it even works with my computer ? ... By the way , there are only two FIREWIRE options mentioned at the technical site ... 4 to 4 PIN , or 4 to 6 PIN .
 Giving my unbiased opinion
 Its a very nice camera do n't get me wrong . However due to its compact design , the speaker is too close to the tape motor . During quiet and not so quiet areas , you will hear a high pitched humm coming from your camera as well as on what you record . Canon confirmed this as a design flaw . The ZR45 , 40 and 50 all do this . I was really disappointed , I returned mine . . I wish there was a way to fix it .
 Let me preface this review by saying that I really , really wanted to like this camcorder . I did a lot of research before buying this camcorder , including reading a lot of on-line reviews . Many reviews mentioned that the motor noise was picked up by the microphone and was audible on recordings . Some reviewers said it was n't noticable . Well , against my better judgment I purchased this camcorder . Within the first 10 seconds of recording I could tell the motor noise was going to be a problem . Sure enough - it was quite annoying for me . I do n't want to discount the other reviewers who said they did n't have a problem with the motor noise , but for me it was untolerable . I 'm thinking that maybe some of the Canons might be louder than others , but the one I had was LOUD ! I went out and payed the extra money for a Sony DCR-TRV18 -LRB- there is/was a ... rebate going so it was n't too much more than the Canon -RRB- and it is MUCH quieter . It also seems a little better built , too . For me it was totally worth the extra money.Here 's the skinny on the Canon ZR45MC : Pros : * Relatively inexpensive . * Fantastic optics and optical zoom.Cons : * Motor noise - it 's audible while recording and on the recording .
 I have had this camera for 18 months and about 2 months ago , it started beeping at me to eject the tape almost every time I used it . I went on-line and found that this is common with this camera for some reason . I was able to prevent major problems by removing the tape after each use , but that no longer works . Now I can not record or watch any tape without it forcing me to remove the cassette . I was very fond of this camera until it stopped working . I am very disappointed that I will now have to buy a new camcorder -LRB- a local repairman estimated over $ 200 to fix it -RRB- . I have a friend who has the exact same camera and he has yet to have a problem , but it is n't worth the risk .
 Basically a nice unit . Loaded with all the features you could ever want
 It was a pretty good camera until it stopped working . One day I turned it on and it started beeping and flasshing an eject tape message . But you could n't eject the tape and the camera would not respond to anything . I had the camera just over two years when this happened . Luckily I purchased an extended warranty at Best Buy . Best Buy sent the camera to Canon for repair . Canon would not repair it because it would be too expensive so , Best Buy gave me a new camera . And I was allowed to get a different brand , so I went with a Sony Handycam .
 I bought the ZR45MC camcorder in Sept ' 02 . I have been using it quite regularly . then all of a sudden I can not load new or old mini DV cassettes . The moment I load a cassette , a message flashes on the screen ` REMOVE TAPE ' and beeping sound is generated together with a flashing ` EJECT ' message . Next step , I ship this to the Canon Factory service in NJ . They replied with an estimate of $ 160 -LRB- on top of the $ 654 I pad for this !! -RRB- . Also most importantly when I shipped from the Fedex office in Boston , the Fedex person made a remark that she has been seeing quite a number of the Canon camcorders going to NJ for repairs.To sum , I think this is a racket Canon has devised to rip off customers.So beware when you buy a Canon camcorder , ask the retailer about the tape loading mechanism , and if they have any maintenance plans that will repair it .
 As with others , this was a great camera until the remove cassette problem appeared 8 months ago . Now it barely plays or records . I 'm never buying another Canon and going back to Sony . BTW , the buzzing is the automatic microphone gain . If there 's not enough sound to record it cranks up the input volume so much that you hear the tape motor .
 I used this camera for a year untill during a period of a couple weeks of not being turned on , something to do with the light sensor malfunctioned . I think all Canon ZR series cameras are inclined to having buggy hardware and I dont remcomend buying one .
 I love the features and optics of this camera . I love everything about it , except that it really does n't work and their service is terrible . Many people posted about the humming sound -- I did n't have that problem . But the electrical system was intermittent from the time I got the camera . I 've sent it to them three times , and each time they repair it , or claim to . Now it is out of warranty and the battery still does n't work . So I 'll have to buy a new camera and hope that you do n't make the same mistake I did -- go with a different camera .
 Ordered a Belkin , got something unknown . Part number on unit -LRB- BI13-120100-AdU -RRB- does n't match the advertised one . What 's up with that ? $ 11 is too much for a knock off brand .
 This item should come free with a Belkin OmniView . Seems amazon and sellers are deliberately selling separate to make more money by charging shipping and handling for an item that should ship with Belkin OmniView when a customer is purchasing one .
 I ordered a BELKIN and received an AMIGO.Not what I ordered and when I complained ... I was sent ANOTHER AMIGO.Get a clue . Do n't shop Amazon !
 I loved this when I first started using it and recommended it to everyone -- but after very limited use , it was totally shot . Either the keys did n't respond at all or if you pressed one key , multiple letters appeared -LRB- `` a '' became `` as '' ; `` q '' became `` qw '' -RRB- and it was impossible to return . One friend who also purchased it had exactly the same problem within a month , so it was n't just a bad unit.If I coud give it NO stars , I would .
 This is high density module . It works only with a fewmainboards . It does not with the two I have.Amazon.com - please correct me if I am wrong .
 This Kingston memory is n't recognized by my computer which is only about a year and a half old . I went and used SimpleTech memory instead which works just fine . I would not recommend this product .
 The description does n't address the compatabilty issue with your computer . In my case , I purchased two , and had to return them both , since neither was recognized by my computer . Although the seller took them back for full credit , it 's still a hassle , and a disappointment that it did n't do what was hoped it would . The rating does n't necessarly rate the product , since it could n't be rated because it was not compatable , it 's more towards the lack of documentation regarding compatability .
 Despite being a PC133 slot , this chip did n't work with my computer ... when I put it in , the computer would n't boot , when removed , it booted fine ... Other RAM works fine ... I 've used many Kingston products and this is the first time I had any problems ...
 I have nothing good to say about Kingston memory . I tried installing this module in an E-machines T1220 1.2 GHz Celeron system that is only 3 months old and no go . Would n't work in two other systems I tried . The same spec memory from Centon and PNY both worked without any problems . Mine is going back .
 I found that this module would n't work in my computer , though industry-standard low density memory workedfine . Kingston technical support confirmed that thiswas high density memory and would not work in my PC.When I asked them to swap it for standard memory , theresponse was that I bought the wrong memory , and itwas n't their problem to exchange it to make it work.I 'll not buy Kingston products again .
 I did n't like installing this printer at all . It was recommended above the Lexmark I use at work and was looking to buy , by the sales person and I should have gone with the Lexmark . The first time it did n't install and when I tried to remedy the problem , following the directions exactly , it crashed my entire system . It took me 3 days and a lot of time with the tech to correct the problem and I am still having errors . Maybe it 's because I run Windows ME but this printer has been a complete disaster . I also do n't like the color quality . It reads color much darker than what 's on the screen and everything has a very blue tint . I will be replacing this printer as soon as I can with a Lexmark .
 My order was placed on August 28 , but I have not received the printer in a month .
 This thing is awful . Prints magenta only . Drives me crazy . I am going to go find a high building to throw it from .
 I had no expectations for print quality with a printer at this price , but expected something that worked . EVERY attempt to print either jammed the printer or ripped the paper . I attempted to print with newly opened reams ranging from low end generic copy paper to Epson photo paper with consistent results . If you do decide to buy , 1 -RRB- ensure the store will accept returns , and 2 -RRB- be prepared to pay return shipping .
 This printer works great for almost any application , but do not expect to print on special paper . On even the soft gloss paper , the ink blobs and gives poor quality printing . The color photos print better on regular paper than on photo or special finish paper . NOT RECOMMENDED FOR PHOTO PRINTING , you will be disappointed .
 After returning the first version of this product because of constant paper jams , the replacement would not recognize the printer drivers from the first or allow me to replace them . In trying to overcome this through HP 's support line , the recorded message said I would be directed to a representative and then promptly cut off the call -LRB- twice -RRB- . Returned that version also .
 It came eith a hole , so from day 1 i coul n't use it without a patch , and i had to buy another patch because this one did n't work either
 Guess I knew we were gambling when we bought this , since about half the existing reviews said it arrived with a leak . Remind me to never to go Vegas , right ? It arrived , we blew it up with the built-in pump , which worked like a charm . Seemed like it was pretty comfortable ... then my son took it on a sleepover , and woke up the next morning flat on the floor . Returned it to Amazon as a defective item for a full refund . Thinking I like another reviewer 's idea of just buying a regular twin-size mattress , since we would usually be using it at home anyway , then maybe get one of the pump-less airbeds for the occasional road trip , since those have better reliability stats than the ones with the built-in pump . Live and learn ...
 I bought this for my 9 year old to sleep on . We used it the first time and everything was fine . Pulled it out a month later and it has a slow leak somewhere that I ca n't find to repair . Basically a waste of $ 35 . I guess you get what you pay for .
 I ordered this bed for a visit by my 4 year old granddaughter . We had to add air to the bed every morning . I had this experience with another brand , but hoped this one would be better . Definitely NOT worth the money .
 The price is great . The bed looks good . I have ordered several over the last few years . I 've only had 2 last 6 months or longer _ The most recent one I ordered had a leak so I returned it for a replacement . The replacement started to leak 32 days after receiving -- 2 days after the return policy . All I can say is if you need it - order 2 ; because it 's likely 1 will start leaking pretty soon . Unless you only use it occassionally . I use mine every day .
 It came with a leak I ca n't find . Rating it no stars was not an option .
 I 've owned many air beds , and many of these . How well they will work for you depends on how often you use them . I like them because they maintain even pressure on your body . The reason you move around while you sleep on a non-airbeds is because of the `` hot spots '' that develop from too much pressing in one place for too long . I 've also had several AeroBeds , made in the USA , with built in pump and sleep number control , several different and expensive type air springs , and INTEX , made in China , standard rib springs , with separate battery operated plastic pump . They last between 6 weeks and 6 months with the average being around 3 1/2 months . The AeroBed quality was better , more consistent life , but lasts only 20 % longer , at 10 times the price . If you go AeroBed , get it from a store that takes care of the warranty for you . I went for years on free AeroBeds until they stopped carrying them . Since I 've purchased these.What goes wrong
 I had to try sleeping on it the first night - in a couple of hours it was less firm , which made it difficult to roll around on . It did n't take long to realize that buying this bed was a mistake.Returning it will be very difficult because it is almost impossible to fit it back in its original carton -LRB- because one can not evacuate all of the residual air necessary to make it fold up small enough -RRB- . Prospective buyers should be mindful of this .
 We used this for less than 21 days for a guest . It does everything as advertised except that it began to leak air ; by the time you wake up in the morning , it has shrunk to less than half it 's inflated height . There is a patch kit included but we could not find where the air was coming out . We had to return it to Amazon . We bought a single folding bed instead with a memory foam mattress , not compact but less risky than an airbed .
 I bought this air mattress to use while my new bed was being shipped from back east , the bed lost air every night and I woke up almost on the floor . I tried to send it back but it was impossible to get back into the box .
 We purchased the Intex Inflatable twin bed with built in pump . After a few uses it started leaking air . By the middle of the night , it was down to about half full . So , being we are out of the 30 day return time frame , we are just out.If you buy this , good luck .
 Using this air bed was a nightmare to my husband . It is not firm and loses air easily . It lost half of the air in 30 minutes . When my husband got up from this bed in the morning , he was almost on the floor . He slept as a curve during the night , which really hurt his waist , which affect his movement . Definitely will return to Amazon today .
 This looked like a good produce and inflated easily , but would not hold the air . I am very upset that in returning , I will not get full refund for this defective product ! There will be a restocking charge , which is rediculous because they ca n't sell a defective product !
 I purchased this bed because I wanted to put it in a very small living room space . -LSB- The space is a combined livingroom/dining area . -RSB- I thought it would be suitable for a reading area . I planned to put a nice cover on it and some throw pillows.The bed has a coil type surface . I find it uncomfortable . It makes creaking noises while in use . I 've owned it just about a month . At first , no extra air was needed . I added air about once a week . Now , it needs air several times a day . I considered returning it , but will not because it was very cheap.I also purchased the Intex Supreme Air-Flow Queen Airbed Nylon flocked with built in electric pump . I have n't used it yet . I purchased it for use as a guest bed.I own the previous model with the memory foam top . I received it as a gift . It was comfortable . It started losing air after about a month and requires refills often . Finally , the pump broke and no longer works . I use a manual air pump for it now . It does n't stay full for the whole night . I could n't send it back because the postage cost too much.Suggestions : Buy products at this site that are sold and shipped by Amazon -- NOT other sellers . Amazon has supersaver shipping , ships in a timely manner and is great about reurn and replacement of items .
 Dear potential sucker , My first airbed by intex sprung a leak in about a week , so I obtained a refund . I bought this model next , and it lasted almost twice as long!I am now on my third . I should have learned my lesson , but my current intex airbed has been around for about one year , and currently has 9 , count 'em , NINE leaks . Everytime I patch one , another springs.Intex also makes inflateable boats . They must get sued for a lot of drownings . No wonder they have no email contact . If you buy ANY intex airbed , you are buying utter garbage.Sincerely , SidWa State
 I bought this bed at the end of May so that I would have an air mattress available if a guest were to stay . I first took it out of the box it was shipped in more than a month after it arrived and set it up the day before my guest was to arrive . It sat in an unoccupied room for one night - no one slept on it at all and lost substantial amounts of air . A serious amount air leaked out - it was visibly noticeable . I can not imagine how much air would have leaked had a person slept on it . This is a horrible product . It was past the 30 day refund from Amazon and after being on hold for over 20 minutes waiting to speak to an Intex rep , I gave up . You are seriously throwing your money away if you purchase this item . It was never slept on - period - and is unusable .
 I bought this to sleep on while I moved it to my new place and used it about 6 times before the seams on top came apart . I never realized how important the seams were until that dreary night when at 3am they started to come apart . I turned to my side and another came apart . I turned to my other side and the rest came apart -LRB- I weigh 120 lbs if it matters -RRB- which turned the bed into one giant ball . Since the seams are gone there is no shape and if you lay on it the air is distributed to the opposite of your weight ... I ended up in a hammock type pose . I let some air out in hopes it would bring the top down but nope , instead I sunk further.I called the manufacturer , emailed Amazon for the contact info to be sure , emailed the manufacturer again and finally got a response . Although some models come with a 90 day warranty , this one did not so I was SOL.Never again . Buy yourself a cheap mattress instead , at least it wo n't break and the comfort will be about the same .
 So I 've had this product since July 2011 , and it is now in the trash . The seams do not hold up and 2 have released , creating giant ` bubbles ' in the mattress rendering it unusable . I paid nearly $ 50 for this back then , and only used it 3 or 4 times . Very disappointed in the poor quality of this item .
 A comfortable bed for the money . But I 've had 7 or 8 of these , and they ALWAYS fail in one of two ways :1 -RRB- An external seam will break , usually near the head area . To fix it , use a good size piece of Gorilla Tape -LRB- forget the enclosed repair kit -RRB- and press down very hard around the leak so no air can get out . No need to deflate or remove flock from the area , but you have to press down carefully and firmly .2 -RRB- An internal seam will pop -LRB- usually in the middle -RRB- and create a huge bubble in the center . No way to fix that , unless you want to use pillows or folded blankets to level out the low areas.That 's my advice . I 'm still looking for a good , sturdy alternate model .
 I had a twin size Aerobed mattress for several years and I was very happy with it . When it finally developed a leak , I went shopping for a replacement . I decided to try Intex rather than Aerobed because it is 5 '' longer and I read complaints about recent models of Aerobeds having leaks . As usual , I read all of the Amazon reviews on this bed and I noted the complaints about leaks , but it seemed like a large majority of people were happy with it . I decided to give it a try since Amazon has a good return policy.When I got the bed , I had it inflated within 5 minutes of removing it from the box . The inflation process is very quick and easy and I found the bed to be comfortable . Unfortunately , when I came back an hour later , the bed was noticeably soft . It hit the inflation button and quickly the bed became firm again , but again , and hour later the bed was too soft to sleep on.Amazon is sending a replacement and I will update this review . If the second bed leaks , I will not try the Intex brand any more.Update
 I wanted an air-bed because I move from one place to the other almost 4 times every year . Moving an airbed is so easier compared to moving a traditional bed . So I started looking for airbeds on Amazon and this one had some good reviews -LRB- 4 out of 5 -RRB- . So I bought this bed finally . The shipping was late . The free super saver shipping is a joke as I had to wait for almost 10 days because I did n't want to spend another 15 bucks for expedited shipping.The bed itself was fine for the first one month . The , on one middle of the night , there was a hissing sound at around 2 AM . I got up to see what it was and realized that there was a hole in the bed . The `` puncture kit '' that came with this bed is a joke too . They do not show it too well in the pictures but this bed had some folds along the sides of it that kind of come out when you inflate the bed . Unfortunately , the hole was in this fold and it was hard to patch it up with the repair kit.I would have returned this item but all this happened on Dec 5th while the return window for this product closed on Dec 2nd . It was almost as of the manufacturer knew what would happen to this bed after 40-45 days of use . So I can not return it now and that is money I will never see in my life again .
 I 've bought several air beds from various manufacturers . I bought one identical to this one 1 1/2 years ago . It was comfortable but lost air after 3 months . I justified this as the user may have not taken care . However , I now believe its the brand . This one would not inflate at all . I will not buy this brand again . I 've had great life from a better brands .
 I ordered these beds because my grandkids were sleeping on the floor and couldnt afford real beds and in less than 2 months both beds have popped . They didnt jump on them they just lost air seemed like the seams were the problem . 1 bed was replaced but the other remains not replaced . I would never buy these type of beds ever again or this brand . They were not cheap and I cant afford to replace them again . So now they are back to sleeping on the floor again . I heard they were good or I would not have ordered them . I am terribly disappointed .
 I ordered 3 of these . They are sturdy , comfortable , and stay inflated . The electric motor in each easily and quickly inflates and -LRB- almost -RRB- deflates them . The height also makes them feel more like a real bed.However , if you want to completely deflate them for storage , that can be a real trick . I could never deflate any of them completely , so in frustration I cut one open to see what the problem is . A design flaw allows an internal plastic flap to cover the deflation port when they are almost empty . The more you try to vacuum or squeeze out air , the tighter the flap seals the port , sealing in the last bit of air.Now I know , and there 's nothing I can do about it , but I feel better after attacking one with scissors ...
 I bought this for my four year old he in between beds and wanted something temp since we are planning to move to another state and did n't want to by a bed we would have to move so decided to by this . within a week had a first hole patch everything fine two week later another leak think it coming from where the motor is . . we had a queen size on from same brand it that happen to that one as well . The one without the built in motor never had an issue with which is what we are using now . I also do n't like the top it not comfortable with the humps .
 Currently , there are no wholes throughout the bed . But , for some reason when I wake up . The bed is already out of air . I only weigh 120lbs . I do n't understand why it does that . Please save your money , when you start to have the same problem .
 I purchased the first airbed and found it to be exactly what I wanted . I ordered and received a second one which I have not yet used . Meanwhile , the first one has sprung a leak and is not usable . Big disappointment . No reason for leakage as it has been used only for small individuals .
 If I could give a 0 star I would.So I bought this airbed while I had a friend visiting so she could use my bed . It seemed to work just fine the first night . However the second time I inflated this bed and slept on it , I got the worst night of sleep ever . During the night , the air slowly came out of the bed -LRB- I have checked all over for leaks or holes but could not find anything -RRB- . I woke up several times to a half inflated bed and then had to re-inflate the bed again only to wake up an hour later to the same condition . Needless to say , I am extremely unhappy with the product . Hope Amazon will let me return this terrible thing .
 We purchased this bed for an extra for when the kids come over . Nice looking , but do n't let looks deceive you . By the morning , you wo n't have any air in your bed .
 It actually lasted a whole month until it decided to deflate and go flat . I guess I am just hard on blowup beds.I was using it every day as a regular bed , perhaps it would be better if used for visitors only .
 This product is very difficult for me to use . The air pump does not connect easily and I would not recommend it .
 I received this air mattress and was very impressed at first . It 's only been a couple of months with sporadic use by an average size/weight person and it 's now unuseable . Two of the seams along the top of the mattress have now `` popped '' so that the top of the mattress is 1/2 big bulge and 1/2 normal . There 's no reason this should 've happened . When only 1 seam popped it was still ok , but with 2 gone we have to throw it away .
 Everyone who slept on this mattress , ended up with a jumble of bedding after a few tosses and turns . I would not recommend it .
 Was so excited when I found this . I have slept on these small skinny air mattresses that are like a few inches tall when inflated and always would fall off them during the night or end up underneath them . So ordered this raised airbed thinking since it 's like a size of a regular twin bed it would work out great for camping . Went camping for a weekend with this . The first night I inflated it , it sagged a bit so thought I just did n't put enough air in it so I pumped it up more until it was nice and firm . By bedtime it had deflated a little again . It was annoying but I slept on it anyway and it ended up being okay . The following day I had to put more air in it twice and by bed time it was even more deflated but was too tired to do anything about it so slept on it anyway . At 4am woke up to it being about 1/3 to 1/2 flat , somewhere in there and my back was killing me . So decided I had had enough and finished sleeping on the ground , which ended up working out better . Never going to get a raised airbed again , or at least not one with a built in pump .
 When it started leaking I could n't find the leaks . First the top started leaking , later the bottom so now I have totally given up on it.It was comfortable before it started leaking .
 it inflated easily and was very firm , by the morning i noticed it was considerably softer , and as i sit here now typing this i find myself gradually getting closer to the floor . easy enough to reinflate , but still , this should not happen the first night .
 I bought this for my 8 year old to sleep on in temporary housing during a corporate move . This bed did n't last two days and it came apart in the seam where we could n't patch it . I would not waste my money on this product again .
 I used the bed 3 nights and it started leaking on the fouth night . I contacted the seller and was told to find the leak . If it was in a seam it was under warranty . I tried to find the leak , but was unable . I emailed them back to ask the best way to find the leak . I received NO response.I did a little reasearch on the web and found MANY people had a problem with this bed.So I am unable to find the leak and unable to use the bed.I an not Happy with the company I purchased if from and will not recommend them to anyone !
 i only used this bed about a dozen times . it was never really all that comfortable and the last time i inflated it , a huge lump developed right in the middle making it unusable . there is no way to get rid of the lump and it is rock hard solid . it raised up about 3 inches high and is about 15 inches in diameter . its too late to send it back now so its going in the dumpster . i have since read other reviews of intex doing the same thing . i will NEVER get another intex again ... i am going back to aerobeds !
 leaks after leaks after leaks . i have patched them with super glue and bike patches and they just dont seem to stop comming . i am tired of patching them . dont ever buy a air mattress . just fork out the cash for a good mattress .
 Great product for my visiting 3 1/2 year old grand daughter ! Stays inflated well.Fair price ! Easy to inflate and deflate !
 i dont know why these guys are trying to cheat . i paid full amount and i was expected to receive a twin size airbed but when i opened it it is actual size is single sized matress ! so this company is baad ! will never suggest it to someone .
 I have always recived what i ordered , but this one was not . . I ordered the hi rise , but recieved one way to short to the ground . . it was to much trouble to send back , Im too old . . I was dissapointed as now I can , t use it . . husband can , but I can , t. . be careful you get the right product ...
 Inflates like a charm , then deflates under the weight of a child within 3-6 hours , I should have gone with my gut and purchased another Aerobed because the one I already have -LRB- queen -RRB- has worked for &#62; 7 years .
 We used the airbed for one guest -LRB- my very careful mother-in-law -RRB- over the holidays and it was fine . My son took it on a trip and it began loosing air the first night and he has not been able to use it since . I would not buy this again and in fact will try to return it when he returns home with it .
 I went through three of these , neither one of them would maintain the air pressure and would slowly deflate . This occurred within 2 uses for each of the 3 mattresses i had . I considered maybe the person sleeping on it was too heavy , but alas , the person is 210 pounds and the weight limit is 300 , so that wasnt it . I thought maybe it was punctured , but if it was the person would have awoken on the floor instead of on a supper jeloutnous rubber blob , so that was not it either . What conclusion left is there - this thing sucks and doesnt maintain the air .
 I bought this Intex bed for my son . He is renting an apartment while waiting for a room assignment in a dorm.The bed , although still inflates , now has a bulge in the middle , so he falls off the bed . Even though we tried deflating and inflating the same , the problem is still there .
 I bought this for my daughter to sleep on when she was home from college . She actually liked sleeping on it but 3 weeks later it developed a slow leak which I could not find . Therefore I had to throw it away . A complete waste of money .
 It only lasted for less than 3 months then there was 2 holes that I fixed but still there was a leak somewhere and eventually I just threw it away . I do n't recommend this air mattress .
 Heard a huge boom and I noticed the seam had given out and then this huge bubble formed in middle of the bed and then it ripped a few days later . I purchased the product on or around 10-6-2011 and before 11-1-11 it was deflated !
 I bought this air mattress two months ago . I used a couple of days and it worked fine . Now a friend is planning to visit so I decided to use it again but something went wrong , instead of a flat surface , there is a huge bump in the middle that would make sleeping on it uncomfortable if not impossible.Since this is a product you will use only a couple of days before putting it away until you need it again , the amazon returning period will be over by the time you actually try it and find something wrong with it . And the company that makes this mattress says `` this product does not have any warranty or service program '' . I hope I can put this in the recyclables bin!I wish I would 've spend a little bit money on a real mattress that wo n`t fail after a while .
 Opened the box , unrolled the mattress , plugged in the motor and then ... the motor made a few feeble noises and shut off in less than three seconds . Plugged it into several different outlets with the same results.Intex customer service told me that there are NO WARRANTIES on their air mattresses and the only option was to return it to Amazon for a refund . I will not be ordering any products from Intex in the future .
 I have purchased two of these air mattresses . When inflated , they are great . But , during the night , they slowing deflate . I have yet to discover how to keep these mattresses inflated for eight full hours . I wish I would have bought a different air mattress .
 At 80 '' iong , this is an extra long twin , not a standard twin . Consequently I had to take back the sheets I bought , as they were 5 '' too short . I would have ordered a different model had I known that 80 '' was n't standard . It 's easier just to replace the sheets and I do n't have time to send the bed back .
 I bought this bed while I decided to purchase a normal bed . I was at first excited but as the week , past the seam popped and the bed now has a bubble and un-usable . for the money you pay for an air-bed I stick with a traditional bed over and air bed . Least to say thanks the quality is poor ! I do not recommend .
 These beds seemed like a great idea and so convenient but the reality is very different . I ordered 2 twins for some company that was coming down for the holidays . We inflated them and except for some minor air leakage over the course of a 4 day stay , they worked great . Fast forward to the second time we used them a few months later and one of them worked great and one leaked to the point of going flat during the night , quite a surprise for our guest . We tried repeatedly to find the leak -LRB- s -RRB- but to no avail . We were out of warranty at this point , so I went and ordered another thinking that the one bed still worked well . We got the new bed and used it almost immediately only to discover it leaked . It was under warranty so Amazon shipped a new one which ... you guessed it LEAKED . Oh and as a final note the one remaining bed that DID work now leaks . I went to KMart and bought a new Coleman twin mattress and along with a no name twin I bought at Walmart 6 years ago , I now have 2 working air mattresses .
 Airbed does n't keep air overnight . If you try to return it you will be charged a restocking fee to restock an airbed that does n't work so you will get no refund ... exchange it for another crappy airbed ... My recommendation is ... do n't buy this crappy airbed !!
 The bed arrived much sooner than I expected , and I inflated it for w few minutes before I took it on my retreat . Imagine my surprize at having it deflate within an hour of getting is set up in my room . I ended up sleeping on the floor that night.We 'll see how the return process goes . I 'm headed out to buy an air mattress locally .
 This item loses air overnight . Must be inflated daily if not nightly . If you return this item the store wo n't take it back , you must ship to the maker at your expense . Or you must cut the air pump out because they do n't trust you not to keep using it , like we have to trust them on their quality .
 I received the bed , and I loved it . But after one night it almost completely deflated . I tried to find the holes but I found none , so it was kind of a waste of money .
 I was hopeful this mattress would work out , having read mixed reviews , but as others stated , the mattress held air for only several days before it started losing air during the night . My son would then have to turn the air pump on -LRB- during the night -RRB- in order to have be able to have a comfortable night of sleep . Generally speaking I think all air mattresses do the same thing , as I then purchased one from the local K-mart , which is also going back tomorrow for the same problem .
 Was very comfortable when I inflated it , but had deflated twice before the night was over . Boasts features like beds twice the price -- the internal 120 AC pump is handy -LRB- especially since it deflates so fast -RRB- but it is noisy , and who wants to interrupt their sleep twice a night to reinflate the bed ? Not me , that 's for sure . I really wish it had n't been a leaker , I like this bed , everything about it except that .
 My mother bought this bed for my 5 year old to use when we visited on weekends . Worked great the first 4 or so times she used it . But now the valve that lets the air out wo n't close . It spins , but does not seal shut so you ca n't inflate the mattress . Very poor quality .
 This bed sucks after 1 month I was asleep on the bed when a popping noise woke me up I did n't know what it was so I went back to sleep when again a popping noise woke me up again I could n't figure out what it was when I got up the following morning I noticed a big bubble going down one side of the bed that 's when I realized it was the bed making the popping noise smh
 All these airbeds look good on pics . But the common problem for all these even well known brands is deflating . The tightly inflated airbed almost completely deflates by the morning , even if u find the leakage and seal it , by next day other leakage will appear . it is horrible feeling like u are on the boat during the storm when it is flat . Eventually after buying 3 airbeds from well known brands i bought spring mattress for 100 $ and feel very good without needing in inflating it every morning !
 It works but the next morning it has lost some shape and is n't as comfortable as it could be . For the price and the function is okay , the twin size made it right for our allowable space - but if you will need a longer term solution it is probably better to invest in a more expensive air bed .
 This is really a bad product . I bought it in hope that I could have one extra bedding when required . I used it on first night for myself and after 3-4 it deflated , annoyingly i filled the air back in night and went to sleep . In morning i was awake again because it has deflated . I thought i am doing something wrong , read the manual and searched online , found nothing . Next night it was the same story . Returned to amazon . -LRB- note
 I ordered for use when company came-my niece slept on this once and ended up on the floor after one night . I can not recommend this to anyone .
 We received the Intex Pillow Rest Twin Airbed with Built-in Electric Pump on September 10th 2008 . It is for our 8 year old daughter who has joint pain due to a genetic disorder . Her doctor recommends an air bed to relieve the pressure on her joints caused by a `` traditional '' mattress . The first 2 months it worked great . She was sleeping better and woke up in less pain . The next few months we had to pump it up every other day , but she still was in less pain . Now today , April 11th 2009 , just 7 months later she ca n't even sleep on it . Within 3 hours the bed is almost completely flat . Our daughter is now sleeping on couch cushions until we can find a new bed . Do n't waste your money on this bed ! Find ANY OTHER airbed , you 'll be much happier .
 THIS IS THE THIRD MATTRESS IN 5 OR 6 WEEKS AND HAD THE SAME PROBLEM WITH ALL THREE . THEY ALL LEAKED RIGHT FROM THE BEGINNING , SOME WORSE THEN THE OTHERS . THE BUILT IN PUMP WORKED GREAT AND I LIKED IT VERY MUCH . THUS THE 2 STARS INSTEAD OF ONE STAR . I AM VERY THANKFUL FOR AMAZON 'S GREAT RETURN POLICY . IT WAS REALLY A PLEASURE TO DEAL WITH THEM .
 When it comes to airbeds , you ca n't expect a lot , after all , it 's a balloon that you sleep on . As it turns out , the Intex Pillow Rest Twin Airbed lives down to those standards . It may be comfortable for your guests for a night or two or three , but inevitably -- like ALL Intex airbeds -- it will fall apart , bulging out at the seams and becoming unusable.This was my third Intex purchase -LRB- I purchased the items in rapid succession -RRB- and every last one of Intex 's airbeds failed within 6 weeks of purchase ! When you contact Intex because your airbed is only five-weeks old and now resembles a mangled balloon animal more so than an airbed , they will politely tell you there are no refunds , warranties , or replacements for you and to buy another one of their products.Normally , I 'd just forgo a negative review and just say , `` buyer beware '' and leave it at that . Unfortunately , the `` quality '' of the Intex line of products is so atrociously bad and their `` Customer Service '' is so arrogant and clueless -LRB- or perhaps a `` bot '' sending automated , canned email to customers -RRB- that I feel it is my ethical responsibility to warn anyone looking for an airbed to stay away from this brand of airbed . I am appalled that Amazon allows them to peddle their shoddy wares here .
 We bought these beds in September for our grandchildren to sleep on when they visit . They are 6 and 7 and weigh under 50 pounds . These beds can not make it through one single night inflated . We either have to get up during the night and re-inflate them or the kids will wake us up because the mattresses have lost so much air they are uncomfortable.We 've had to repair both beds because they develop pin holes from being folded when we put them away and you can hear air escaping around the area where the beds inflate themselves.I 'm very disappointed in this product and will not buy another air mattress from this company since it 's clear their quality has gone down hill drastically since we bought their double bed seven years ago.My opinion is `` save your money and find another solution for guests to sleep on '' , that 's what we 're doing now .
 I chose this twin air mattres becaue of the reviews and brand , good quality . I bought it about 2 months ago for a weekend of Holiness , it just had a hole when i aired it up . Threw it in the trash terrible product .
 I purchased 2 Intex Pillow Rest Twin Beds due to the size specifications of 40 X 80 X 18 1/2 '' . They were to be used by my > 6 ft. tall family members when visiting . I was extremely disappointed when we inflated the 1st bed - which BARELY measured 32 X 70 X 16 . I sent a letter to the supplier , CMS WorldWide Sales , explaining my dissatisfaction & was told to send pictures & measurements -LRB- which I did -RRB- and they would -LSB- quote -RSB- ... `` Once you had provided us the information we had requested , we will be glad to forward you the return shipping labels . `` This was months ago , and to date I still have 2 Intex Pillow Rest Beds -LRB- the 2nd box was never even opened ! -RRB- that are no where near the specs stated on the packaging.I will NEVER order anything from the CMS WorldWide Sales supplier again .
 I purchased this a couple weeks ago , and used it for the first time last night . It worked well . Plugged it in and it only took a couple min to inflate . My problem with this bed is not so much how well it works inflating but what a hard time i had deflating it this morning . I was so frustrated trying to get all the air out that i finally just wrapped it up . With even a little air still in it , it makes it so hard to roll up tightly and put away . It just looks bulky . I have tried aerobeds in the past and i love that their beds have a release valve , this one uses the a small hole built in with the pump . The release valve work much better , and I decided to go with this because it was affordable and i could n't find aerobeds in twin size . I am definitely gon na see if i can get a return on this ... i just hope i can fit it back in the box it came in .
 I saw several people had written about air leaks but at that point the majority appeared to be happy with their purchase . We ordered two twins for our camp . Mine started leaking immediately . My husbands seemed to be good from Spring to nearly Winter when his too began to leak , so bad that both of us were pumping air several times during the night to keep a little bit afloat . That was bad enough but having several friends and family in our bunk house part of the camp awake while doing this pushed it over the edge . My father in law bought the same time my husbands started going down hill so it should be interesting to see if it happens again . Our camp closes down during Winter so Spring will be the big test . I suspect we will go with something a little more expensive and not regret wasting the money we did on these . Then again my hubby is very good at fixing things so maybe there 's hope .
 The bed needs air refilling more often than I thought it would - every 3 days at the most . So much so that if I did n't pump it , the bed would all be like a water bed with `` jelly-like '' feeling . To lessen this effect I situated it in a corner of the room against the walls . Further more , what surprised me was the round water condensation on the bed sheet just underneath my -LRB- head -RRB- pillow in the morning . But what confuses me is that in the evening the bed feels cold -LRB- or the air inside feels cold -RRB- . What I like about it though is that the pump works real fast in inflating - although it is loud for an evening activity .
 I ordered it because I have a 6ft 8in relative who spends time with me . The description says this airbed is 40in wide and 80 inches in length . The box housing the bed clearly states the bed is 39 in wide and 75 inches long . I am really disappointed because I have been shopping for this for over 3 months and only recently decided this was the right bed . WRONG!The goal is to provide comfort . / his wo n't , his feet will be hanging off the edge of the bed . Its going back .
 This airbed does not stay inflated . It went flat half way through each of the five nights I used it . It is junk . Do n't buy it . If I had bought it at a store it would have gone back the next day .
 Only used a handful of times and the bed already leaks air . Waste of money . I know it shows a one star rating but the true rating is zero stars .
 The product deflated during the night . We refilled and let sit with no one in it for a while and it still lost air . I was very disappointed as the product initially started great for my Aunt who would not have been able to be on the floor with a traditional air mattress . I am attempting an exchange hoping it was just this one item . Most of the reviews were glowing and I am hoping that the replacement will perform as the other reviews indicated .
 Was nice while it lasted . After a few nights on the mattress , one of the seams in the middle apparently broke . Now it 's nothing but a large bubble in the center . Tried flipping it over but it 's like sleeping on a rocking chair . Nothing to do but take it to the dumpster .
 I live in a smallish one bedroom apartment and have frequent visits from out-of-town friends and relatives , so I have a pretty significant need for temporary beds . When set up , the temp bed is right in the middle of the living room , so I need to deflate and store a temporary air bed on a daily basis when guests visit . Unfortunately this is a nightmare endurance test for air beds as the frequent compression and folding of the unit for storage along with the periodic inflation and deflation is a formula for a shortened air bed lifespan.There are two significant names in makers of at-home air beds
 We did an extensive amount of research online for an air mattress that would be durable . This item , despite a handful of reviews -LRB- all with 5-stars -RRB- , began to deflate immediately upon being inflated . Unfortunately , we did n't test the mattress before the arrival of our house guest , unwittingly giving her the pleasure of seeing a night on the couch materialize right before her eyes.Given that so many air mattresses seem to leak , we were partly prepared for a non-working mattress . But here is what we were n't prepared for
 I had another airbed that lasted about 2 years before there was a leak and needed to replace it . This one had pretty good reviews and it was taller when inflated and would be easier to get on and off it . I did like the airbed and it was comfortable . We used it less than 5 times over the last 4 months and it deflated slightly last time I used it . I should have investigated further at that time but just deflated it until next use . I used it this weekend and had to pump it up again in the middle of the night and I think my time for warranty is over with .
 Product was defective from day on and lasted a whole 32 days and now will inflate but by the middle of the night you sleeping on the carpet .
 This product was received having a slow leak . . box was received damaged . . . Daughter went to bed at morning we discovered her in the middle -LRB- sinked -RRB- ... . I would not recommend ...
 I bought this mattress as a spare guest bed for our vacation condo . I was delighted to see it described as being 80 `` x40 '' -LRB- a twinXL -RRB- . It arrived and the box clearly stated 80x40 dimensions so put it in the closet for future use . Just pulled it out of the closet 3months late and inflated the mattress only to find it is a standard twin measuring 32 `` x72 '' . Nothing close to the stated dimensions noted in the product description and on the box .
 It does n't stay firm even overnight . The motor burned out after a while . I bought a Coleman ...
 This bed was cheap and the quality was consistent with the price . The seams deformed about 6 months after use began and bulges formed that eventually made the product unusable . Do n't purchase for long term use . The seam design is flawed , which is probably why most of the other manufacturers offer a quilted pattern . The return shipping and 50 % refund potential make recovering any money impossible . I got some use out of the bed , but definitely would n't buy anything else from this manufacturer .
 I purchased three of these and within 1-2 months , ALL three of them `` broke '' . The seams on two of the beds broke , leaving a huge bulge in the middle of the bed and the seams of the third bed kept coming apart . . Im not sure how many holes I had to cover but way more than their repair kit allowed for . After contacting the company and starting the refund process , I was told that since they were bought through Amazon I would n't be able to receive a refund . TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE ! Yes , the beds are $ 35.00 so I definitely got what I paid for but ca n't believe how cheaply they are made . DO NOT BUY THESE PRODUCTS !!!! Spend more to get more bang for your buck !
 Just a great item . However there are approximately 5 length-wise seams on the bottom to create stability . After two months , one seam `` disappeared , and now the bed rocks , because there is one large air space.I can probably live with it , just have to put some towels , whatever to stabilize it .
 Air mattress
 I bought this product because I 'm living temporarily in a city and will move to another city later , and do n't have the extra money to buy a better bed . Since then my shoulders hurt from sleeping on it . I 've lost interested in sleeping after that . Before that i never have problems with sleeping.It 's ok to sleep for one or two nights only i guess . If you intend to sleep on it for a few months , buy a comfy bed instead of this !
 Had the bed two weeks and so far not a problem . I did not inflate it to the maximum pressure-I 'm 250lbs the maximum load being 300lbs-but rather 3/4 full of air . I have added air only one time-maybe 10 seconds . I sleep on this airbed every night . There is a tendancy for me to roll to the side of the bed-whether that 's just me or the bed is yet to be seen . To add to this review I had the bed for three months-the pump went out after that time . I suppose we take our chances.MalcolmL
 I purchase this air mattress in late October and two month later I was laying on the mattress I move my arm and a fist size hole appear over my head . The mattress arrive fast and was easy to set up . If you plan on using this mattress for a guest bed or for your kids when they come home for the Holiday or summer break please get something else . Not worth the money . I had Coleman and small hole appear and the patch does not work but for this mattress the patch does work for a small hole not the fist size hole .
 This mattress began leaking after only 3 or 4 nights of use . I found the leakbetween a crease in the top -LRB- flocked -RRB- side . After proper repair effort it wasunable to stay inflated . I have put the air bed to better use . Thank youKeith Colton
 We were among the unlucky buyers who happened to receive a dud . The airbed had a gash at the bottom , which we patched . But it also leaked at the seams and our attempts to patch that did not work . We returned it , unslept-on -- no easy task , since we were required to return the manufacturer 's box , and of course we could not get the deflated airbed back into it , so we had to find a box big enough to hold both the deflated airbed and the manufacturer 's box .
 This was the worst product I ever bought . It held up only about 40 days and then , got more inflated on one side then the other . Of course ended in the trash . I have no car , so was very hard for me to return the item , and go to the post office . Waste of money . Do not order from this company ever . BAD PRODUCTS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is not worth the price . Used it once and had to re-inflate it five times . Does not hold air . A piece of junk .
 The air mattress was good only for one day , after one day it started deflating and I have to inflate it every night before sleep . By the time I wake up on it the next day it has become like a water bed since it has deflated . I can not find the hole from where it deflates .
 It came with an air leak that was impossible to find . A real disappointment .
 Took it to France and electric pump only worked for a minute and blew . Bought a hand pump to pump it up . It was a painful job . After it was fully pumped the bed was rather comfortable . Decided not to bring home to return because once it was pumped there was no way to deflate to the extend that it would fit back into the original box .
 It was a super deal ... But there is something wrong with it . It will not retain the air level that I want.I will be returning this item
 I do n't really hate it , because my order was cancelled for some unclear reason . The order was cancelled several days after I placed it , so I 'm no fan of Intex .
 I ordered this bed in an emergency situation for my 95 year old mother to sleep on . The bed was easy to fill and evacuate , but it has a slow leak that necessitates adding air to it every day . I could n't send it back because I would have had nothing for my mother to sleep on .
 every person i communicated with was not only rude but were clearly annoyed by my need for help and completely unwilling to assist me . I returned the product that i was charged $ 103.10 for and was refunded $ 40.70 . thanks
 I bought this for my off campus residence , and the two months it worked fine ... and then the problems began . First , two the curves on the top -LRB- not sure what exactly they are called -RRB- merged into one so I had to sleep on one half of the bed . Recently , I noticed it was starting to sink and re-inflated it . Shortly afterward I heard some air and found where it was leaking and did n't think too much off it . Then in the middle of sleeping I woke up on the floor and then just gave up on it , and now am having to resort to sleeping on the floor . Tried calling their customer support line and it was backed up , then I found out that the main support line is for their pools . I would recommend a different brand like Coleman , or getting something from Cabela 's .
 I filled it with air when it arrived . It lost air by the morning . Since the bed was cold when filled , I gave it another chance . The first night is was actually used , it had to be refilled in the middle of the night .
 I used this product for one month of every night sleeping before it sprouted a leak in one of the seams on top that could n't be patched due to the fabric . It makes patches virtually impossible to stay stuck.There you have it .
 HI All , Never ever buy this product you will lost money and it 's a wast of time ... leacking after a week . fix that than find another leaking ... till u trash it . . and get rid of it . . i have the pic and i paid for it $ 60 worth nothing zerrrrrrrrrrrrroooooooooooooooo .
 I bought this airbed on October 2009 , I only used it 3 times and now is loosing air !! How can it loose air like that with only 3 uses ?? At the beginning it seams good because is comfortable and tall , but now I ca n't use it anymore unless I want fill it with air at the middle of the night .
 We loved the internal pump which also will pump the air out . It is so fast and the mattress itself gives a good night 's sleep .
 I was so excited when I received this air bed , but after sleeping on it on the first night , things changed . Every single night I had to put more air in it in order to keep it firm . There were no leaks that I could hear , but it was a pain to keep putting air in it every night . If this does not bother you , the bed itself is extrmeley comfortable.Intex Pillow Rest Queen Airbed with Built-in Electric Pump
 IT HAD A LEAK FROM DAY ONE . RETURN AND EXCHANGE PROCESS WAS VERY GOOD THOUGH . STILL WAITING ON THE NEW ONE
 Bought this product for a friend 's visit back in late October . Since then -LRB- It is now early February -RRB- , it has been slept on for a total of seven nights by two different normal sized adult guests , and promptly deflated when a third guest tried to sleep on it this past week . To its credit , the product did last just fine through those seven nights . It did , however , break not too long after the 90 day warranty ended and we have no reason to believe we will be able to repair it or otherwise recoup our loss . Purchase with the understanding that this is basically a disposable air bed with a warranty that seems conveniently short .
 Would not purchase this item again . Used in spare bedroom for guests . Hardly used , until now . Hoping top have Xmas guests use . First to lay on it , and center ring pooped.Still usable , but uncomfortable . The second night used bed hissing sound and a large leak appeared . They provide plastic to repair leaks , but do not provide any adhesive . I have to eat it now because I had until 11/12/12 to return.I can get partial credit , not including shipping if I just had just kept the box and shipping label for 3 months .
 Product came with no documentation whatsoever , no installation CD . Attempted to install this on 2 computers . `` plug and play '' install did not work . downloaded the appropriate drivers from Soundblaster and informed me that NO soundblaster card was found on my PC . attempted to contact vendor , no email was available , only a long distance phone number . Threw it in the trash .
 The drivers for this card are indeed hard to find and install . Creative has so many different variants of their drivers that it took many different attempts to locate the right ones . Windows XP Professional did not install this card as plug-and-play , so my only option was to hunt down the drivers . In the end I found the right ones , but it was a lot of work . For those not driver savvy avoid this card for sure.The most disappointing part of this story is the performance . It does fine for most basic sound generation on my 2.0 Ghz Pentium 4 system -LRB- YouTube clips , system sounds , etc -RRB- , but I suspect that it is a weak link in MP3/AAC playback in iTunes . Music played back in iTunes skips and stumbles frequently making it unbearable to listen to . Upgrading to the latest Windows XP service pack , iTunes version , and Quicktime along with DirectX 10 did not alleviate the problem . I have never experienced this problem on any system with XP installed , including systems with far lower processor and memory specs . This leads me to conclude that the sound card is not keeping up -LRB- maybe its still a driver issue -RRB- . In the end the cheap price will only be a true bargin if you are really willing to spend the time to hunt down the drivers , and you only need basic sound on your computer . You get what you pay for here for sure .
 I ca n't resist writing a review , because I rely heavily on what others have to say too.I just bought the 1115 and it 's being returned today . I 've had an Epson Photostylus 870 for the past couple of years and had a little ink mis-hap -LRB- my fault -RRB- and thought , what the heck I 'll get a new printer figuring the technology has improved , etc. . This time I decided to go with an HP because I generally like their products , but I 'm going back to an Epson.The quality of photo prints are not even comparable . The Epson prints are clear , crisp and realistic . The HP prints -LRB- even at 2400dpi -RRB- are grainy and fuzzy.Not to mention that ever since I installed the printer -LRB- using USB -RRB- my floppy disk drive has been grinding every few minutes . Not sure what 's up with that.I will say that the HP is fast and fairly quiet . Printing regular documents on paper of course looks nice , but for `` real '' photo images try Epson.Good luck !
 I would not buy this printer again . It quickly uses up all the yellow ink . This is a common problem with this printer . See Yahoo Answers , search for `` hp photosmart yellow '' . I think they should be recalled .
 I Have had trouble with HP and XP since upgrading . Although they say it is xp compatable with driver , it is not . Will cause system to lock up and when I called HP they blamed XP . Bought a Epson and first time install without a hitch . Hope this helps and God bless you !
 Bought Photosmart 1100 three months ago . Loved it till it thought my color cartridge was bad . Now printer will not recognize any new cartridge . Seems there 's a hardware bug that the printer will not reset a flag that indicates failed color cartridge . I 've bought 2 new color cartridges and a new black cartridge . Called HP & they had me clean cartridge 3 times , power cycle , and even sent new cartridges . Analyst at HP very nice , thought ... still the display flashes `` Color Cartridge Failed '' and `` Replace Color Cartridge '' . Wo n't even print B&W . Dumb thing ...
 My HP DeskJet 870cxi died last month , and I replaced it with the Photosmart 1115 , which I wanted to use with a Dell desktop -LRB- XP Pro -RRB- and an Apple iBook -LRB- OS 10.2.1 -RRB- . The only nice thing I can say about this printer is that it prints beautiful photos on photo paper . Printing anything else is a lesson in frustration.Printing a color web page with this printer is SLOW ... it seems much slower than my old DeskJet . Second , I get frequent paper jams when printing on plain paper , and especially when printing envelopes . The printer jams when printing photos on 6 x 4.5 '' photo paper that came with it . When I print documents on plain paper , I also occasionally get these cryptic error codes , and my document stops printing halfway through the job , leaving the paper stuck in the printer.The printer also comes with a CompactFlash and SD readers built in . It 's pretty cool to insert a Compact Flash or Secure Digital card from a digital camera and print an index sheet right from the printer . However , my XP desktop wo n't recognize the cards from the printer . It says that there is no card inserted . Frequent e-mails to HP tech support have not been helpful - they say the card is faulty -LRB- it works fine in my camera and my Lexar card reader , however -RRB- . Mac support is suprisingly lousy , because HP has been pretty good to the Mac in the past . I had to wait a month until HP released drivers for Mac OS 10.2.1 -LRB- Jaguar -RRB- . The Mac drivers have the same problem the XP ones do
 My friend just brought a Epson c820 and it print better photosthan my HP 1115 . I paid ~ $ -LSB- money -RSB- and he paid only ~ $ -LSB- money -RSB- from costco.So , I brought one myself . Epson print better photo than HP 1115 . If you think of buying this printer , try Epson first.Also , the driver of HP 1115 does n't work with my Iomega CR-RW andmy new Epson printer together . Bad software driver !!!
 I have used this printer for the last two years , though it has not been heavily used . It has completely broken down , will not acknowledge that it has paper , and the `` carriage '' is broken . It will not feed anything through and constantly has paper jams . I have been told by repair specialists that it will cost several hundred dollars to fix it because the `` carriage '' is so expensive . Though it does print beautiful photos , I am very disappointed with this product 's performance over time !
 I have had several of these monitors . I use a two-monitor set-up . - The backlight on the first burned out one month out of warrantee . ViewSonic would not replace the first monitor - fair enough as it was out of warrantee . I purchased a replacement . When it came , the screen was blue , and the color could not be adjusted . ViewSonic sent a replacement which had a green screen , and again , the color could not be adjusted . They were unable to find another VA912b , so they sent a different model to replace it.-Meanwhile , my second monitor , again a VA912b burned out the backlight after less than six months of use.-Beware that the glowing reviews you see for this monitor may not take into account its poor reliability . Should you choose this monitor , be sure to get an extended warrantee ! Better yet , do yourself a favor and choose another model or manufacturer .
 I bought this from frys and am returning it today . Maybe it 's only me , but mine had really bad quality and distorted images . I had 17 '' LCD monitor from viewsonic and was replacing it because it has similar problem . Now , 19 '' has same problem and I am done with viewsonic . I am not going to use viewsonic monitors again . Instead , I am going to try samsung ones .
 I 've had this ViewSonic model for a little over a year . It has been good to be until now . I have been losing pixels every week for the past month . I 'm out 25-30 pixels . Are n't products suppose to last longer then this ?
 The thing is I like the display and everything , but the first monitor when I got had a bad pixel in the middle . So I understand it happens , return it and got another one same model . Two days later the same thing happen , and two more days I got one more bad pixel . So I am returning this one as well , but no exchange this time . Just not worth it . Plus you can not adjust it , it stays only in one position . It may not happen anything with this bad pixels , but I do n't want to take a chance . It 's a hassle .
 I bought my unit in July , 05 . Installation and configuring the unit took ALL DAY , with at least 4 hours on the phone with HP support -LRB- including working with senior support folks -RRB- just to get it functioning at a basic level . From the beginning I experienced problems . A few of the more serious ones are listed below :1 -RRB- television picture quality with my older Sony Trinitron is terrible . The support person working to help me configure the unit eventually simply said , `` well , it is a DIGITAL entertainment center , '' when we could n't get the picture right . Given that I have digital satellite service and the set top box provided by the satellite provider gives me a crystal clear picture on my TV before I hooked up the DEC , I was not pleased by this response . If the satellite tuner get give me a good picture , I ca n't see why the DEC could n't as well . It comes with MULTIPLE tuners - none , apparently for an analog TV monitor .2 -RRB- The unit is supposed to work like a TIVO for recording broadcast programs , and allow you to do things like pause a live broadcast to answer the phone or get a snack . Well , on my unit , pausing causes the program to freeze , skip and otherwise freak out . The only cure is to turn the unit off and restart . Of course , I do n't use the pause feature any more .3 -RRB- For music , this unit comes with iTunes , and also a way to list , play and organize your music that has been imported into iTunes on they 're Media Center . Importing my CD 's into iTunes worked perfectly well . When I view the `` my music '' selection in the media center , my individual albums are duplicated , with the play lists segmented among the duplicated listings . So for a given CD with 12 songs , there will be two or three entries for the CD , with one or two songs with one entry and the rest of the CD on the other .4 -RRB- Making playlists on My Music is an important feature for me . I find that while I was able to make a couple of playlists when the unit was new , I no longer can . Its not clear why , but , it is another frustration.These are just a sample of the issues . Calling HP support , which I have had to do MANY times , is an uneven experience . Often the help is good . However , they have not been able to resolve the issues I 've listed above . The complexity of the product and the issues with design and testing I 'm seeing means that problems that you have with it are also complex , with many layers of related issues . Solving these kinds of problems over the phone -LRB- your only option -RRB- is extremely frustrating and often does n't solve the problem.Given the price of the unit and given that what this product does is to combine technology offered in the past as different products -LRB- that is , it contains proven technology -RRB- the problems I 've encounted are inexcusable . This product was not ready to be put on the market . I would return the z555 and get my money back if I could . Knowing what I know now , instead of buying the DEC , I would get a Tivo and a good iPod with accessories to play my music off of my home stereo instead and save myself a ton of money and frustration.As it is , I just feel `` taken '' by HP and my DEC is NOT working now . $ 2000.00 down the drain .
 When I purchased my HP Z560 Digital Entertainment Center it was going to be where I stored all my music and video so I could access it from any computer in my house on my home network . It was going to be the computer that I used to take care of working with all my digital entertainment . What a let down ! This thing does not do much of what it says . First there is a big problem with the video card and the display set up . I swear that the NVIDIA graphics card they put in this unit is incompatible with the rest of the system . I think it would be better off with a different card . They say it will work like a TIVO . It will as long as you do n't try to pause the program you are watching and recording . If you do the unit will freeze up and your recording is done . Try to record from a set top or disc and it wo n't let you.To make a long story short and to quit raising my blood pressure about this unit again . It makes a good desktop computer although fairly slow and antiquated . Try to use it as a media center computer and you will definitely be sorry and disappointed . The personal media device you can get for the computer is kind of nice but not worth buying the computer for . Buy it seperate from HP if you want it . I can not believe that HP put something so junky and glitch ridden on the market . I paid $ 1600.00 for the unit and it is a POS . I beleive they should buy them back or give credit for a new computer to any one who bought one . Now I know why they pulled them off the market so quick .
 Picked one of these up the other day , mostly for the slick design and for the wireless keyboard with trackball type mouse controller . But that 's all it has , is looks ... After using the keyboard , it quickly became tedious to use , since not only are the keys hard to push down , they are in a tight proximity of each other and not in the usual places , and the wireless is hit and miss , possibly because it runs at only 49MHz frequency . It will miss keys here and there , so you have to type very slooow , and check your work very often , and with passwords where you ca n't see what you are typing , good luck ! It quickly becomes a tire ... There is no number pad and the trackball mouse is skippy and lacks a scroll feature ... The processor is 2 `` generations '' older than the current dual core intel processors and the RAM is standard DDR instead of DDR2 ... Unless HP updates the components and the keyboard , this is a terrible value and a POS .
 my scanner has n't worked since the day i took it out of the box , installed the software , and the green light is on but when i hit scan it does nothing ! looks like it 's a dud . lol .
 There is no other way to put it . All Visioneers are garbage . Purchased my 2nd one -LRB- after first one died for no reason after a year -RRB- and have experienced many problems . Lately it wo n't let me scan anything because of an error saying to `` unlock your scanner '' . There is no Freakin lock on the darn thing !!! After contacting the company many many times -LRB- btw - there customer service sucks ! - No telephone number , unless u pay $ 2 per minute , just a computer-generated machine that unsuccessfully helps you called SARA -RRB- . I finally put a claim in through the Better Busines Beaureau , there response was that they could n't send me a new scanner cause it was after 1 year of my purchase , but they would be so kind enough as to let me purchase a new one and give me 25 % off of their price -LRB- which was probably an elevated price -RRB- . I told them to kiss off ! Anyway - please do n't buy this product or any Visioneer product - they Suck !
 I loved the slim design and the USB power so I could power it with my notebook 's USB port . The software was an upgrade to the other visioneer scanners I 've owned over the years , which is easy to use . However after only a few hundred scans , there 's a growing progressive distortion on the left side of images as if blackened , resulting in a very poor scan . I 'm throwing it away . Buy something else .
 Absolutely the worst software for flatbed scanner I have ever encountered . Scan is slow and softcover lousy . Do n't buy
 Vista has been out for 4 years , I 'm up to Windows 7 , and they still have n't released a driver update for this scanner!This is what 's called planned obsolescence , where they intentionally make something not work so that you have to buy the new version . There 's no reason or excuse for Visioneer not to release an update.This was the last scanner I 'll ever buy from Visioneer . How can I have any confidence that they wo n't do the same thing with their new scanners when I upgrade computers again ?
 The price was excellent but the standard shipping was very slow . It does n't work with Vista , no drivers , so is useless to me . I gave it to my son and it works fine with Windows XP . My son has used it to scan pictures for me and it is of good quality .
 Have owned 4 flatbed scanners up til now , 3 of which were visioneers . I use these scanners for archiving books and magazines . The 7300 good features
 I was looking forward to a new scanner after my HP died after just a year . I purchased this one based on the several good reviews on Amazon and other sites.Now that I have the scanner I am sorely disappointed . The picture quality is horrible . No matter the tweaking I do in the scanner dialog , the picture is faded and grainy.The software itself is the least useful interface I 've ever worked with . The `` auto '' buttons makes the image worse , the image area recognition has never yet gotten it right , and the most useful feature only applies if you are sending the scan to Paperport , something I never want to do .
 I knew that Visioneer had a bad reputation , but when my HP scanner finally died after six years , I picked this one up primarily because I had an Office Max gift card and that 's all they had in this price range . The software installation bluescreened my computer in Windows XP - twice . I tried to run the software anyway and found it confusing and hard to use . It 's going back to the store . Look at HP - I 've had pretty good luck there - or Canon , which is what I 'm going to buy once I get my money back . Visioneer has worked hard over the years to earn its lousy reputation - save yourself the trouble of finding this out for yourself.UPDATE
 I 'm pretty tech savy , and This is by far the worst experience ive had with ANY piece of electronica ever . Dont let the low price fool you , theres a reason for that . The drivers are terrible for this , Uninstalling this scanner requires 4 different programs , tech support charges you money for help -LRB- even though I bought this 2 weeks ago -RRB- , and if you actually get the scanner to work it will take a good 25 minutes to get the 1200 dpi resolution scan . Also the software it comes bundled with -LRB- Scansoft Paperport -RRB- is horrible , i have 2 gbs of Ram and it ran as if i had 128 mb . the TWAIN compatibility is awful , and it isnt compatible with any third party software . I wish there was something good I could write about this scanner , Aftr 2 weeks I got fed up , returned the scanner and bought an HP . People please do not hurt yourself by buying this awful piece of junk .
 I was very excited to buy this scanner and was pleased with its size and weight . However , if you have a Vista operating system , like I do , IT WILL NOT WORK ! The company told me that they stopped selling this product over a year ago and there are no driver updates available for this product . If you have an older computer and an older operating system this product might work for you . But as for me it was a waste of money !
 Bought this card to connect my dell 8100 to my ipod remixed . Installed the card in a snap without incident . Tried connecting my Ipod and it immediately started charging so I thought I was good . However , I opened itunes and nothing . Went to the iogear website thinking i needed to update the driver when I stumbled across the statement on the Tech Support Library , document # 10162 : `` Why wo n't my IPod work with the GUF320?Both the IPod and mini-IPod require a Windows Hardware Quality Lab -LRB- WHQL -RRB- certified card to connect to the computer . At this time , the GUF320 is not WHQL certified.We apologize for any inconvenience . `` Well that would have been nice to know before I ordered the card and wasted my time and effort .
 Bought this card to use with an iPod , and was greatly disappointed . My new iPod only comes with a cable to connect to USB 2.0 ports , and the USB ports on this card DO NOT WORK with iPods . I had to go buy an additional cable -LRB- iPod to Firewire -RRB- in order to get my iPod working . The Firewire ports on this card DO work with an iPod , but you 'll need a Firewire cable that new iPods may not give you .
 Though the description states this card will work with G3 and above it wont even fit in the PCI slot for a G5 1.8 Single or a1 .8 Dual I belive its because those slots are PCI-X . I am going to try the Sonnet alegro which says it will work with a G5 also . We 'll see.The Sonnet alegro works !
 Installation and use was easy and good . But the quality of the product was really bad and it was going loose and stopped working in between .
 I 've had this card installed since Nov. 2006 and just now found out that the 2 Firewire ports only work intermittently . I thought my new camcorder was messed up when I tried to use the Firewire port on the Iogear card . But when I plugged into another non-Iogear available Firewire slot , the camcorder worked . Now I have to go through the hassle of trying to get warranty work for the Iogear card . The USB ports on the card have worked okay.Update
 Although the specifications state compatibility with macs G3 or higher , this card will not fit into the pci slot of a new G5 . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I have had the displeasure of working with this machine for over 4 years . Its incompetent feeder is only matched by the uselessness of the software it comes with . Save yourself the frustration and buy another scanner .
 American Electronics Mart sold me a `` refurbished '' Xerox documate 510 scanner that did not work from the start . I spent two weeks trying to troubleshoot to find out whether the problem was on my end . Then , because I missed the return deadline , they would not take the scanner back . They would not agree to pay the costs to me to ship the scanner back to them . Now , I have wasted $ 250 on a worthless piece of junk sold to me by these crooks . Do n't ever buy anything from these creeps .
 This Documate 510 scanner is sold under the Xerox brand but is made by Visioneer . You should not buy it because -LRB- 1 -RRB- it is a BAD , POORLY-MADE product -LRB- parts of the ADF wore out so badly after 8 months we could n't use the scanner anymore -RRB- , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- the CUSTOMER SERVICE is some of the WORST and MOST ARROGANT I have encountered in a long time . My company bought this item new from Amazon on 4/26/04 ; it was paid for with a credit card on the Amazon web site . As I said , by the end of October it had fallen apart to the extent the document feeder would n't work anymore . There is a 1 - year warranty , so I called the customer service number to find out how to return it , and got Visioneer . I explained the problem and the rep said to fax a proof of purchase and they would issue an RMA . I faxed the shipping label from the original box from Amazon , showing all info -LRB- product , serial number , date of shipment , etc. . I got a call the next day saying the rep 's supervisor would not approve the return , that I needed something with the date of purchase on it . I said how about if I fax the credit card statement showing the purchase from Amazon , made one day before the shipping date on the shipping label . Nope , not good enough . I said we evidently had not saved the e-mail confirmation from 8 months ago , and it would be very hard to get a new receipt from Amazon , since there were at least 5 different people in the company -LRB- 2 of whom are not even here anymore -RRB- , each with a different Amazon user name , who use this credit card , and we could not see the purchase history on Amazon unless we had the username that placed the order . He still could n't help , so I asked to talk to his supervisor , who could not talk at the moment but would call me back . Well , 24 hours later , no call , so I called back , and after 2 transfers and being on hold for 10 minutes and calling back in , I got the supervisor . He said there was nothing he could do . I said , do you think Amazon shipped us this without us paying for it , especially since we have the credit card statement showing the purchase date coinciding with the shipment date ? Sorry , ca n't help you . I asked , what if we got it as a gift . Well , you 'd need a gift receipt , etc. ... I told him if we can find somebody that has the time we 'll try to get a receipt otherwise we 'll turn it over to our lawyer . I guess the new motto is `` the customer is always wrong '' .
 This scanner is absolutely terrible . I have a small home business and I want to go paperless . If you are in the middle of a scan job , say you are on the 30th page already , and something is wrong , there is no recovery feature so you have to start from scratch . In fact , tech support says you will get constant errors if you scan more than 20 pages at a time , yet the document feeder is supposed to hold 50 pages -LRB- ? -RRB- . You can scan and then merge multiple scans to become one , but that is not the point . The point is that out of 900 pages of scanning , i got about two dozen errors which requires me to shut off the machine , close the scanning program and start all over again . I returned the product and got another documate 510 because tech support said it must be faulty , but the second is exactly the same . This scanner is nothing but a pain in the rear . I am shipping the second one back in the morning .
 After having so much trouble with HP scanners , I decided to try another company alltogether and go with Xerox . I needed a scanner capable of handling large amounts of paper 30-50 sheets at a time , was quick , and most importantly , worked . Unfortunately , 2 out of 3 does n't cut it.This scanner is very fast . It takes about 5 seconds to feed a sheet of paper . It can also handle a lot of paper at a time . Those are the only things it has going for it . If you notice from the picture , the auto document feeder is at a ridiculously sharp angle . It almost points straight up , which makes it awkward to load paper into it if you 're sitting down and less than 6 feet tall . My employees that use this always have to stand up to insert the paper because it 's easier that way . The feeder tray is n't very long either so you actually have to hold the paper and use your hand as a guide if you use more than a few sheets of legal-sized paper in it.Without a doubt , the biggest problem with this scanner is that it is incompatible with Adobe Acrobat 6 . It refuses to work with it . I do n't know if this is Adobe or the scanner 's fault but do n't get this scanner if you want to use both . Acrobat 6 refuses to locate this scanner . I have a degree in computer science , spent about 6 hours searching for a fix on the Internet , and still could n't resolve this . The only way to get around it is to either use a different version of Acrobat -LRB- I ended up having to pay $ 400 for Acrobat -RRB- , or use the scanning software that comes with it . The scanning software included is okay , but is like most software in that it 's bloated and has a lot of junk I did n't need . All I want is a simple TWAIN driver , which is not included . I do n't need 50 mb of software and drivers , and four different programs to do simple image scanning.Stay away from the Xerox Documate if you have an interest in scanning to PDF . It 's not even made by Xerox , but by a company called Visioneer , who then sells it under the Xerox brand .
 I have tried several permutations and combinations with this scanner . Here are some of the observations :1 -RRB- Image resolution is too bad for the file size it produces . I used an EPSON scanner before , and could get a much better B&W ; and color resolutions for a much shorter file size2 -RRB- All the images are titled towards one side . So , if you are scanning photographs , this is not the right scanner . A part of the picture will always need to be cut out if you try to straighten it up ! 3 -RRB- When trying to get a reasonable B&W ; resolution -LRB- 300 dpi -RRB- , scan speed is not as great as advertised.Overall , I do n't think this scanner is worth its price .
 Touching on the strong points first I will start by saying that the scanner produces a good quality scan . The automatic document feeder is a great convenience for scanning small stacks of paper . OK that 's about it . Now , for weak points . When doing any quality scanning it is extremely slow about it , when scanning in stacks of paper -LRB- far under the `` max '' paper feed count -RRB- it very frequently feeds the paper in wrong and jams , then many times when it jams , you clear the jam , and then try to start over , and it locks up the program . Then when you go through the whole `` end program '' fiasco , go back into the program and try to scan it will say `` driver busy '' . So you have to turn it off , then back on . Turning it back on requires even more waiting as it goes through its startup routine . OK now you are back to scanning . Not sure how long though , the ADF seems to jam at its own no matter how perfect the paper you are feeding it is . Other than that , its OK . Id give about 10 bucks for it at a garage sale ... maybe . Its certainly not suitable for heavy usage such as at the workplace or at a home office . Overall , its a pretty poor performer .
 My company bought this scanner about a year and a half ago . We have 10 - 15 people who use it intermittently . It does not see heavy use . From the beginning we 've had trouble with it jamming and feeding multiple pages . The cover to open it is very hard to snap open , and it wo n't recover from a jam without us turning off the scanner and rebooting the computer . I discovered that if I change the automatic document feeder pad assembly every 3 months or so , which I should not have to do , it helps the jamming and misfeed issue . Recently I went to order these pads , which were $ 20.00 apiece , and I could n't find them on Xerox 's website . When I called them they said this item was no longer being sold individually , but in a kit with cleaning solution and 2 pads . So what would have cost $ 40.00 - bad enough - now costs $ 100.00 !! As if we have n't spent enough money and frustration on this thing . I am going to do my best to get rid of this thing and buy one that works !
 This scanner worked fine for me for a year , and now with later windows 2000 service patches , it has what appears to be USB problems . I 've tried the latest driver available on several machines , and if they have windows 2000 with the newest patches , it will only work once or twice , then there is a driver error . I can do the normal windows recovery technicques of uninstalling & reinstalling , rebooting , trying different USB ports , etc. but short of re-imaging the machine , it wo n't recover . I am using this scanner with Adobe Acrobat 6 Pro with the latest service patches . I 've researched and not found a new driver for this device for quite some time . Going to try to hack on a visioneer driver after reading some of the other reviews here .
 Apparently my boss does n't read reviews . I requested a new scanner after my ancient Visioneer 9450 started eating paper for breakfast . I wanted a new brand and found one at a different website for a decent price . Instead , this one was ordered . I figured since it was n't the same brand it would be better . Until I found it is a Visioneer . I thought perhaps since it was newer it 'd be better . I was wrong . I use it for the ADF to scan hundreds of old files into digital files so we can get rid of the paper and reduce storage costs.The PaperPort software has OK settings , it allows you convert into a PDF , single page items , or multipage . The scanning quality is fine . The problems start when scanning . It seems to have trouble scanning one or two pages and randomly jams while it tries to feed the paper crooked . If you 're scanning a large mutli-page file and it jams , you have to start the whole document scan over again . PaperPort FREEZES all the time . At first I thought it was neat that you could drag and drop pages onto one another to combine files , but it quickly lost its appeal when it started freezing and I 'd have to force close it.The speed of which it scans is pretty poor , and it 's FAR from quiet . The pin connector that plugs in the ADF is incredibly large so it does n't fit in my oversized desk drawer like my previous scanner.I rarely hate devices as much as I hate this one . When scanning hundreds of sheets of paper it just makes the process twice as long and twice as annoying . I 'm just hoping it breaks soon so I can get the one I actually wanted .
 Firstly , it is incredibly important that you DO NOT use the bundled software for this scanner . The program is confusing and terribly disorganized . I have had several issues with using OmniPage , Readris , and Microsoft Scanning software bundled with Windows . While image quality is good , especially considering the speed of the ADF , the ADF gets jammed during almost every scan with these programs.I strongly recommend that if you have purchased this scanner , use Adobe Acrobat 6 or later . I am using 6.0 Professional and it works like a charm . The file size is extremely manageable -LRB- 300K for 15 pages -RRB- and is quite readable.If you have not purchased this scanner , DO N'T . While I do n't have any recommendations for other models or brands , I will suggest strongly that you avoid this one . It has been quite an experience , causing me to use Kinko 's and similar because I could n't get this scanner to work . Since using Acrobat , most issues have been mitigated to a tolerable level .
 Do n't buy this scanner , if you want to use the ADF to scan multiple pages into one document . The `` SCANDIRECT '' software that ships with this product WILL NOT scan multiple pages into one document . When you feed 5 pages into the ADF -LRB- automatic document feeder -RRB- thinking you 'll get one document with 5 pages -- WRONG . . you get 5 documents with one page each.Just UPGRADE your paperport software for a minimum of $ 100 , and then you can use the scanner as it was designed . When I called to complain to XEROX about this , I was told that they had `` mated '' this scanner and the software -LRB- Version 9 -RRB- before the ADF was added as part of the base scanner . Seemed pretty crappy to me . IT GOING BACK to the store tomorrow .
 I set it up according to the directions , clicked the scan button , and the contraption made a noise but never began the scanning process . Uninstalled it , then re-installed it , and the same thing happened . Complete and utter waste of my time . I gave it one star only because it had all the parts in the box .
 The scanner looks nice but very deceiving , I bought this scanner because of the name Xerox.I had it for about 2 months and scanned maybe 100 sheets , now it died!Xerox after 3weeks of calls now wants me to pay return shipping and they say I will get a refurbished unit . -LRB- Bad company -RRB-
 Jams with 2 pages jams with 10 pages . I basically have to sit here and babysit the scanner the whole time . I could scan my documents faster one page at a time on a regular scanner . Returning it as we speak .
 Bad Scanner . Only with their software are you able to scan in paperwork . Paperport causes more problems with the computers I have it installed on than any other product I know of . If you have anything greater than Adobe Acrobat 5 installed , you ca n't use Acrobat to scan in software . Stay away from the Documate line of scanners !
 For the price -LRB- about $ 200 -RRB- this is n't a bad scanner , considering it comes with an Automatic Document Feeder . It 's reasonably fast and does a good job with things like double-sided scans and converting non-editable files to Word and Excel . That being said , I will be replacing the unit soon because of a quirk that is really getting on my nerves
 I bought this scanner to scan approximately 100,000 pages of literature and it is just horrible . I returned it after a few weeks and got the fujitsu scansnap scanner . The fujitsu scansnap is simply the best non-commercial adf scanner on the planet , and I recommend you take a look at it -LRB- search for scansnap at amazon -RRB- .
 Like many reviewers , I really wanted to like this product . The price/performance looked just right . When I bought it late last year , there were enough reviews that I knew the navigation wheel and software would be less than ideal , but it sounded like a fair tradeoff.Boy was I wrong . Reading the reviews , it looks as though people really love this device for a month or two and then come to hate it . That 's been my experience.If I 'd been paying attention , I would have noticed the 3 month warranty . But I did n't because I 'm used to electronic products having a 12 month warranty . Now I know better . I 've had this thing just over a month and the headphone jack has already come loose . A $ 300 device and they skimped on the headphone jack ? So now I 've got to call their customer `` service '' -LRB- of course , no 800 number -RRB- to send the thing back.From the other reviews I 've read , it sounds like that wo n't be the end of my troubles . I fully expect it to go bad again in the same or some other way in the next 6 months because , as other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is pretty flimsy.Now let 's talk about the software . Like other reviewers , installation was hell . Subsequent behavior even worse . About 10 % of the time it ca n't find the device when I attach it to my PC . After I had it a couple weeks , it got into a state where it could never find the device , no matter how often I rebooted my PC , reset the device , reloaded drivers , etc , etc. . Creative 's online support was no help at all . In fact , I 'd have to rate it among the worst I 've ever encountered.Finally , I uninstalled and reinstalled the software , the usual measure of last resort for this sort of thing . To my amazement , even that process was error-prone . It took several days of attempts before things finally `` worked '' again and I have n't a clue why . That does n't leave me with a good feeling about its future stability.I did buy the Notmad software a week ago and found that a vast improvement . But that 's a moot point now . My gut tells me the Nomad will in the long run be , at best , a 40GB portable hard drive , albeit one on which I ca n't create folders , or , at worst , a very expensive lesson in companies never to buy products from again -LRB- I have their Audigy sound card and find it in many ways equally frustrating -RRB- . My gut tells me I 'll also end up buying an iPod . Which means that in trying to save a few hundred dollars , I 'll end up spending more than twice that.Be forewarned . I would have given a 3 to 5 star review in my first few weeks , depending on how mad I felt about the crummy software . Now , even 1 star seems like I 'm giving Creative the benefit of the doubt .
 My Nomad Jukebox Zen Xtra 40GB only worked for 6 months . I no longer have any sound and the battery does n't charge . When I called customer service I was given the excuse that it was n't supposed to be used in the gym . As you all know it is marketed to fulfill your portable music needs . If you ca n't use it in the gym then it is not truly portable . I know many people who use their ipods in the gym and have had no problems for years . This product has fallen far below my expectations . It is not worth the $ 300 , not to mention the fact that it only has a 90 day warranty . Can you trust a product that is only guaranteed to work for 3 months ? No .
 I 'd like to start off saying that before this product i was using an Archos Jukebox Recorder ... What made this product so great to me was the open source OS called Rockbox ... Based on hardware one could assume the Archos players were horrible -LRB- which by hardware standards ... they were -RRB- ... But because a few fine men and women took the time to create the upstanding rockbox software , the Archos became a top notch player for me with intuitive features out the wazoo ... Now we come to the Zen Xtra ... First I 'll start off by saying that this players hardware is pretty good ... The sound is indeed excellent and the form factore is not bad -LRB- but still rather larger than i had expected -RRB- ... What really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software . Not just the transfer software -LRB- which was a hellishly horrible experience -RRB- but also the player 's software . First of all , many actions that the player utilizes do n't make sense . . Bookmarks for example , are an excellent feature ... but not on this player ... Rather than creating a directory for bookmarks to be found in one area , the user must actually find the track where the bookmark was made . . this makes no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks ... The dynamic playlists -LRB- `` now playing '' , i belive Creative calls it -RRB- feels very awkward at times and some menus simply take to long to get to and operate ... Well , anyway i could go on and on on why this player did n't meet my expectations ... I 'll just say this ... For the average music listener not expecting much ... this may be a satisfactory mp3 player ... But for someone who cares about thier music collection and wants fluid and responsive playback ... I ca n't recommend this product .
 Sure , this thing is definitely more cost-effective than an iPod . But with a low price , comes lower quality . Our special friends at Creative gave this thing good sound quality , great features , long battery life , and an unbeatable price . The catch is it 's built like a piece of crap . It lasted about 1 1/2 weeks . I did n't abuse it , I charged it every day , but the headphone jack just sort of fizzled out . I tried re-setting it , I tried just about every pair of headphones in my house -LRB- 10 pairs -RRB- , and nothing worked . So I contacted customer service at Creative , but they said , `` If the product seems broken , we can not help , '' or something to that effect . Wow . Do n't get me wrong , the thing was like heaven for about a week . If you want a quality mp3 player , splurge on an ipod . If you really need to save , buy this thing on Amazon , they eventually gave me a full refund . I bought myself an RCA mp3-cd player , and I 'm happy with that until a cheap , worthwhile mp3 player coomes out .
 After a little over a year my Zen Xtra has stopped playing sound . Everything else works it just appears to be a faulty headphone jack which is a common problem on Creative 's players . On a dinky $ 30 portable I would n't expect much but on a $ 300 device this is just unacceptable.Their warranty period and customer service is a joke . Go have a look at their forums . Stay away from Creative products . There are other alternatives out there .
 This product is the the first Mp3 Player that I bought and it has turned me off from buying anything from creative again . As others have mentioned the headphone jack breaks quite easily , but not from rough use , it just breaks down . I barely had this thing a month before it started giving problems , and I only used it to go from home to work . This I guess is why people flock to the Ipod , cause you may not be able to replace the battery but it is damn sturdy . This is just a piece of junk
 This product is junk . I am using Windows XP and I have had repeated problems.Here is a quick list :1 -RRB- When I try to copy a file to my Zen it will copy one or two files and then error out telling me that the Zen is busy or that it can not write the file . Some times it will even error out on the first file .2 -RRB- When anything goes wrong the Zen seems to lock up and I have to reset it . So far I have had to reset it about 20 times in 2 days .3 -RRB- The Creative Media Source software that comes with this product also locks up when an error occurs during file transfer and I have to kill the process to shut it down .4 -RRB- I checked Creative 's KB for the errors I received and it was no help . I downloaded and installed the driver updates , firmware updates and all the patches I could fine but I still have the problem .4 -RRB- Creative has no weekend support which stinks and their support line is only open 9am to 6pm during the week . So for those of us that work , I guess we are on our own.I had high hopes for this product because I did not want to buy an IPod but it looks like Creative leaves me no choice . For any one thinking about buying this product , just remember , you have been warned.I only gave this product a 1 because the system does not allow me to give it a 0 .
 this player supports ONLY mp3 and wmaunfortunately , my own-made music format is ogg , and downloaded radio recording is asf format , this player do n't support bothand lack of digital recording is a major drawback too , unlike iriver , it has digital in and out , this is a necessary for mesorry , zen , this is not for me
 I bought the Zen Xtra 40Gb yesterday , taking it back today . The sound is awful . The volume range goes up to a 25 , and even with the EAX or whatever it 's called on , it 's barely audible . I do n't know if it 's the jack gone like you all say or if this is just designed for easy listening . No good for loud music . Prepare to listen to background noise , not your music . This thing sucks . Do n't buy it .
 Mind you I did not buy my Zen from Amazon , however I bought myne back in May - 40gb . Within 3 months , just after the warrenty expired , the headphone jacks died . I have a friend who has been trying to work on the jacks now for several months , and still no luck . Apperently they are attached ON the board instead of through the board . They have apperently been made horribly . For the price you pay for these things , they should work.At this time , I 'm very skeptical about buying another Zen due to this problem . I have read some reviews which states new ones have been made in July with a case with a window . Unfortunatly , it is very hard to figure out if you bought a new one or old one when your buying them.I 'm not sure how trusting it is to buy another one of these machines as they seem to be crafted for 10 cents and sold for 300 $ I 'm thinking spending the extra 100 $ for the Ipod might be a smart idea at this time . You get a 1 year warrenty and you will not have to worry about this jack problem , at least nothing ive heard of anyway.Buyer Beware ... Think and read this before you buy the Zen .
 Forget how this unit works because it has a basic design flaw that will drive users crazy ! The front cover has a release button that allows removal of the front cover to access the removable battery . Forget about the release button . You do n't need it . just tap the lower left hand corner of the case and the cover pops open ! Convenient , huh ? No way ! This design flaw is a total pain in the ass ! And it 's not just my unit . I tested two other new , out of the box units and both did the same thing . Simply bad design and no quality testing . Do yourself a favor and avoid this unit at all costs unless you do n't mind continually closing the case after it has popped open on it 's own .
 Simply not as friendly for functional as an iPod . Even better , iPod integrates perfectly with iTunes so that managing music is a snap .
 The headphone jack on my Zen Xtra stopped working day 40 -LRB- 1st day on a 7-day cruise , no less ! -RRB- While Creative did replace the unit , why have n't they recalled all Zen 's ? This is my second Nomad -- I had a Nomad 2.0 20GB , but it 's screen stopped working . Creative refused to repair unless I paid $ 105 , so -LRB- silly me -RRB- I bought a new unit instead.Never again , Creative !
 After roughly a year of fairly reliable use , I 've also fallen prey to the faulty headphone jack . Now i 'm wondering what to do with an item that I paid nearly $ 400 because the limited warranty conveniently ran out eight or nine months ago -LRB- `` limited '' being somewhat of an understatement -RRB- . No one should ever have to consider `` fixing '' , and possibly further marring something they paid that much money for.A month ago I would 've given this item four stars . After coming here and seeing so many people with the exact same problem that Creative continues to neglect , I 'm outright angry that I 'm not alone .
 What 's going on Creative Labs ? Is it a coincidence that I no longer can get any of your Nomad Zen Xtras -LRB- worst name ever -RRB- at Best Buy and now the 60GB Nomad Xtra is `` sold out '' or more likely `` discontinued '' at the almighty Amazon.com ? hmmmmm ...
 I bought this product about four months ago . I really liked it . It was a little bulky , but I have never been too worried about the style of a gadget . It did everything I wanted it to do
 This player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to know about a third party software company that resolves virtually all of the Creative MediaSource file transfer issues.Zen Good points :1 . I achieved my basic objective ; my entire CD collection is on a portable device with lots of room to store more .2 . Most MP3 players have a gap between the end of one track and the start of the next ; it 's annoying in music that is intended to be continuous . The Zen has minimal stoppage between tracks ; when listening to music that continues from one track to the next the gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if I am not listening for the progress from one track to the next I do n't even notice the click.Flaws :1 . Creative MediaSource software is OK to rip , catalog & burn music if you are starting from scratch ; but I used MusicMatch to rip my CDs before I bought the Zen -LRB- 278 CDs ; 3,400 tracks ; 12.5 Gb of music all ripped at 128bps -RRB- and guess what ? MediaSource did not recognize my tags ! My choices at that moment were to manually re-tag my music or re-rip using MediaSource . I do n't think so . BTW , if you * are * ripping your CDs , MediaSource accesses the CDDB music catalog over the Internet and the few CDs I experimented with all provided good quality -LSB- correct & uncluttered -RSB- tag information .2 . Despite most reviewers giving kudos to the Zen for music quality , I experienced a flaw using EAX . After about 45 mins of listening there was audible static in the player . When I turned EAX off the static disappeared . When I turned EAX back on the static was also not present . Creative are * the * sound people for computers , I ca n't understand why EAX would introduce static . Is EAX faulty ? Is my unit defective ? Was I just unlucky at that moment ? Was it a full moon that night ? I have n't figured it out yet .3 . MediaSource is an application with serious user interface flaws . Do not underestimate this in your purchase decision . Many reviewers refer to it as `` clunky '' or `` difficult '' - heed their warnings . Some Amazon reviewers say it corrrupted their music files ; I did n't use it long enough to know , but clearly you need to use it with caution .4 . The Zen * stores * data files , but does not allow a folder structure nor does it allow documents to be opened or programs to be launched from its disk -LRB- they must be copied to another hard drive to be launched -RRB- . In other words , the Zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity you need for your music collection -LRB- see point 1 . for some sizing information -RRB- . My goal of using it as a music player * and * data storage device has not been met ; do n't make the same mistake .5 . The Zen does not have a Stop button ! You can stop playback by pressing 2 buttons , first the Pause button , then the `` Next Track '' or `` Previous Track '' button . But this is * not documented * in the Zen manual - neither the hard copy nor the CD version . To discover this I had to read about 10 online reviews -LRB- with many complaints about the lack of Stop button -RRB- before I found one reviewer who was smart enough to both figure it out & document it .6 . The Zen NX battery requires the AC adapter to recharge ; it does not charge by USB cable ; this is not tragic , but USB recharging would be a convenient -LRB- additional -RRB- choice . If you are buying a Zen Xtra check whether the battery recharges via USB ; it does not on the Zen NX .7 . MediaSource did not install on my personal notebook . It referred to a `` Microsoft Jet Database Engine '' error and the install program suggested I download a service pack from the MS website to fix the problem ; I did that and re-installed the software but had the same error . Creative provided e-mail support ; I followed their advice but that failed , too . I experimented with installing MediaSource on 2 other computers at home and it worked fine . So it is probably `` just bad luck '' on my part that the personal notebook I own had this install error . However , it did motivate me to find a work-around solution.Third Party Software To The RescueAfter much frustration -LRB- above -RRB- I found the Notmad Explorer ; cute product name for software that resolves virtually all of the Creative MediaSource FILE TRANSFER & ORGANIZATION problems . I am not associated with the company , I am not providing a URL , but search for NotMad and you should find it pretty easily . This provides drag & drop transfers of music between the computer & Zen ; each time it transfers music to the Zen it asks if you want to generate a playlist ; it allows playlists developed in other software to be transferred to the Zen -LRB- . m3u files are used by most mp3 players like MusicMatch and Winamp , but not Creative - without Notmad you need to manually recreate your playlists -RRB- ; it does n't care what software you use to rip or catalog your music - Creative or any other company - all my 12.5 Gb of music were transferred to the Zen with correct tags - hooray ! Notmad has other features too , but this is not an advertisement so please see the company 's web site for more information ... Conclusion : If I knew then what I know now I would have paid the extra to get an iPod & avoided the Zen . Given that I already have the Zen the only reason I am happy with it is because of the Notmad software . And I am hoping the static I heard when using EAX was a blip ... To summarize , I am using the Creative Zen as a mobile device ; I am using MusicMatch to rip & catalog -LRB- and if I choose , download -RRB- music ; I am using Notmad Explorer to move music & playlists between the Zen & my computer . The only Creative software I am using is the device driver -LRB- s -RRB- .
 I got the 40gb jukebox zen xtra for christmas . So , I 've had it for a month , and the headphone jack went out . I called creative and they said to send it in and they would decide if it in warranty . It 'll take 10-15 business days for them to decide form when they get it . Nothing but hassle with this company . What kind of product goes out within a month ?
 Having purchased this player as a gift in Dec-03 , I was dissapointed when headphone jack became severely intermittent after 4 months of `` careful use '' . Since I am in technical electronics -LRB- and player was out of warranty period -RRB- , I opened it up to find the problem . The Headphone jack is only secured by three small solder pads , and the metal pad for the left channel had broken between the board and jack , and the right channel pad was almost broken . This jack is not reinforced on the circuit board , so it easily breaks . My repair was to remove the cheap internal jack , and then solder a flexible extention cable through the original jack hole to an external female jack -LRB- available from most electronic shops -RRB- . Works great now ... but looks a bit strange with this cable coming out of it . Future plugs and unplugs of the jack will not place any strain on the player , Creative Labs ... fess up to the poor design , and fix these players that many others are having issues with .
 I love my Zen Xtra 40GB - well at least I loved my Xtra . The player is great , except for one major detail - the shoddy quality of the headphone jack . IT WILL FAIL ! If you get lucky it will still be under warranty . If you are n't expect to pay at least $ 40 for the clowns at Creative to fix it . If you think I am just flaming them , check out their forums .
 I 've had my Zen for over 4 years now -LRB- hard to believe I 've had it that long -RRB- . I still have n't filled up the memory on it , I 've never had a day 's trouble with it , and it 's easy to use . I 'm starting to find it a bit bulky now in comparison to some of the smaller , sleeker-looking players on the market , but I still have the attitude `` if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it '' . The zen is superb , it 's reliable , it 's solid and easy to use , and I just do n't see the point in changing to an ipod purely for aesthetics . I love my zen , and I would n't be without it .
 I took my zen back after a week of problems.It 's really fussy about id3 tags , which is a problem if some of you collection did n't come _ directly _ off cd . I fiddled around with various automated taggers , but never got things working to satisfaction . The player crashes every 3 to 8 hours of operation and frequently takes 20 + minutes rebuilding it 's database of tracks after a crash -LRB- i hear this process is made long by incomplete id3 tags -RRB- . Two days ago the left headphone channel started cutting out , as it has for many other reviewers . That was the last straw . I 'm over it , thinking about a rio Karma or nothing at all .
 The price looks good do not be fooled.Mine also worked ok for the first 6 months reguardless that the software would not transfer a portion of my music . The death of this unit was when I had fixed the ID3 tages to get all my music to be able to be tranfered to the player , I removed the music library and then reloaded the repaired lib at this point the player will not play anything corectly . parts of tracks play and parts are garbled.This is true when playing over headphone jack usb to pc will still play normal . This is not the same problem as the phone jack breaking like happens to 2/3 of the players .
 I bought the Creative Nomad Zen Xtra 30Gb around the start of the new year . By mid May , the player would get hung on the EAX Soound screen and would n't fully turn on . Since it was only about a month out of its warrenty , they would not help with a costumer service line or anything , but I had to send an email to the company . Well , after much hassel and faulty instructions about how to `` update my firmware '' I ended up having to send my product into the company in TEXAS so they could fix it . Now , not only was it a problem because I could n't listen to my music anymore , but I also had to pay a hefty $ 40 fee just to return it , and if there was more to the problem than just my firmware , I would have to pay another $ 40 ! About three weeks later , they sent back a refurbished 40Gb player that works just fine , but now I have the task of uploading almost 25Gb of music back on . Speaking for myself , they were not helpful what so ever , the warrenty sucked and should have been extended so things like this do n't happen , and they tried to buy me off with a bigger player.One a side note , this player is HUGE ! I know you are getting alot of memory and all , but this is in no way sleek or descrete . I ca n't fit it into any of my pockets or just carry it around because it it bigger than my hand ! It may not look so big in pictures , but do n't be fooled !
 I loved this thing until 2 1/2 months after purchase ... The phone jack is not working properly . Now I am very disappointed . Glad I got a 2 year replacement plan from Best Buy . Recommend you protect yourself if you buy this product . I do n't think the phone jack problem is a rare one from what I have read here .
 the warrenty on this device is only 3 months and it breaks quite quickly . the cover kept popping off and when it broke creative said the warrenty ran out
 When I originally bought this item I was thoroughly pleased with its ease of use , generous screen size and scroll wheel but within a month the unit ceased to work.I contacted Creative Labs and they gave me an RMA . I sent the RMA back to them and then heard nothing from them anymore . Then I contacted them again and they created a new RMA and then sent me to fill this one out . I did and when they received it they claimed it was past the expiration date . I explained to them that this second RMA was necessary only because the first one was n't processed but they would have none of it . As of right now they have both my defunct mp3 player and no replacement in sight.DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT BUY FROM CREATIVE.Their customer service is atrocious and the mp3 player is flimsy in spite of appearing otherwise.ADDED ON MARCH 17TH -- 2005 . Still nothing from Creative . Worst company ever.ADDED ON NOVEMBER 12THStill nothing from Creative . Are they the worst company ever ? Well ... there is Enron . But Creative is n't far behind .
 What a junk . Every time NOMAD thinks the file is corrupt the OS freezes . The only way to recover is to plug the power cord and go into recovery mode . So if you happen to be out of the house and you have a frozen OS you ca n't use NOMAD until you get home . After OS froze twice on me in the subway I returned the jukebox .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT -- I took perfect care of this player and still it died in the week after the lousy 90 day warranty ended . Nearly 4000 songs went up in smoke . The software is not good either and the driver has trouble working with other SOUND BLASTER products , which is very dumb .
 I just bought one and returned it as defective for good reason . In a quick summation , here is what I found . + the memory -LRB- 40 gb -RRB- is staggering . I had downloaded about 1000 songs and had room for another 9000 ! It may have taken several years to fill this up . + I had no problem using musicmatch software already on my computer to load songs and albums onto this unit + Screen was good , easy to read + / - Sound quality was good but it was going to take some tweakings with settings to try to make it great . - The software that came with it was tough to load . I got weird messages about it not being ok 'd by microsoft -LRB- or something like that -RRB- , then I thought it failed to load , then it loaded . - The top that covered the battery kept poping off without much of a touch near the bottom latch . Not good if you 're taking this traveling . the top did not fit well into the unit . -LRB- felt defective -RRB- - the cover that came with it did n't fit very well - the flywheel you use for most of the navigation was n't in tightly and it was uneven as far as the amount of pressure to make it engage . I was n't sure how long it would take before it would break . - this DID NOT feel like quality construction and I was n't sure how long it would last .
 Other reviewers have covered some key points - the good voice , timely turn instructions , the bizarre and completely undocumented bracket.So I wo n't repeat all that . What no-one seems to have mentioned is , that you ** can not ** use this device for solo driving . The problem seems to be with Bluetooth . On my HP 2215 , I set the receiver on my dashboard and it syncs up with satellites pretty quickly -LRB- it does n't slide around at all my dash BTW -RRB- . Then I set a destination , plug an earphone into the iPaq , put it in my left ear and put the PDA in my pocket . What I expect is to get timely turning instructions that I can hear clearly even over the car stereo . And that 's what I get . And it * would be * perfect except for two potentially lethal problems
 Can you imagine . ?? when I tried to find points of Interest near Yosemite . It said No POI found . . Garmin has Mapsource that is far better than Navteq.It has the options to create automatic , point-to-point routes on your PC without need of a GPS so that you can create multiple waypoints , routes before your transfer it to your device .
 The product in theory is great -- and is great as long as it works ok . However , if you have a problem with it , you will be out of luck trying to get any support from HP . Establishing the connection between the GPS system and the iPAQ and also the partnership between the iPAQ and your PC or notebook can be finicky . In my case , it worked ok the first time I used it but then later the GPS , iPAQ , and PC refused to communicate with each other . I wanted to re-install my software and start all over again but the airlines managed to lose the bag that had my software and documentation . Nearly all manufacturers have web sites offering software downloads , updates , patches , etc. for their products . Not HP for this product . If you lose your manual or installation software , forget about the convenience of finding replacements online . HP 's support link tells you there are no downloads available and to contact the vendor where you purchased the Nav System . I highly recommend that you check HP 's web site for online support before purchasing this or any HP product to make sure they actually offer support.The concept of an accessory GPS unit for my iPAQ seemed like a great idea . However , after this I would only consider a dedicated self-contained GPS unit from a manufacturer that supports their products.One more comment that I almost forgot . My HP GPS System was obsolete when I took it out of the box . The first thing they wanted me to do was pay for updated maps .
 I have bought 2 of these items for my 2 cars , but it burns the batteries every time ! It even burns the phone , sometimes.Ranieri
 Recently , I went and bought this CD Player , i was going to geta ... Sony one but ended up with this one instead cuz ' it was cheap u know ? Well , this one I bought did n't even have antiskip protection at all ! It skips whenever I go and it eat batteries like crazy ! I had wasted over 10 batteries within a month . What a piece of junk ! I do n't think this product differs either so I recommend not buying it and get a better product . In fact , I just going to get a new CD Player from KOSS which I think will be better . This is not worth your time , and the cd players ugly too !
 I purchased this product just a few months ago and it 's broken already . It was used at a desk with ear phones so it was n't moved , bounced or anything you would expect a personal player to withstand.It skipped at the slightest bump and went through batteries like crazy.I now have a different CD player and would not recommend this to anyone .
 This is NOT Koss at its best . I recently bought its newest model and trashed this one . Do n't bother buying it , a good price-bad deal ! Buy the new one!Recommended Manufactors
 OK , people , all I have to say is this thing sux . The price may be low , but the thing is just plain crappy . And I though CD players were supposed to play music ...
 I am very computer literate . The software provided is not for use with the product . I tried to download drivers so my computer could recognize the camera but had no luck . There are other identical mini cameras like this one packaged under different names . Do n't buy this one .
 ThisSanDisk Sansa e250 2 GB MP3 Player with microSD Expansion Slot -LRB- Black -RRB- came to me as a gift , and was much appreciated , but it 's not my favorite player . I use many other SanDisk products , which may be why I expected better performance.The positives are plenty
 The first one I received the SD card slot lock did not work . The second one literally took 5 to 10 minutes to boot up . I returned it again to Discount Jungle -LRB- Amazon Seller -RRB- and they said they would not charge me the 15 % restocking fee which they did anyhow.All in all , I would n't own another Sandisk MP3 even if they would give me one for free ! I 'm out $ 10.00 for two return shipments and another $ 10.00 restocking fee . Nothing to restock at Discount Jungle , send the piece of junk back to Sandisk !!! Save some headaches and buy something different ! Do a Google search for Sansa View slow start up , boot , or lockup.At least the FM Radio was nice ... that 's why it has a two star rating . I 'd sure hate to see how well the re-manufactured units work .
 When my e280 met an unfortunate end involving water , I had to purchase a new MP3 player . I was hoping I could just replace my trusty e280 with the same model , but apparently , no one carries it anymore , having been replaced with the View . After test-driving the Fuze month -LRB- hated it , but that 's another story -RRB- , I tried the View . It 's like the e280 's snotty little brother that does n't want to cooperate!First , however , the good : * The View is lighter and thinner -LRB- though broader & wider -RRB- than the e280 . Nice ! * The screen is bigger - nice if you watch videos -LRB- I do n't -RRB- or have photos -LRB- again , do n't -RRB- on your MP3 player.Now the bad ... -LRB- I know , only 2 good ! -RRB- * The smooth wheel * should * be an improvement over the raised plastic wheel of the e280 , but it 's not . On both the Fuze and the View , after only a couple of weeks of use , the smooth scroll wheel started sticking , requiring two -LRB- and sometimes 3 -RRB- fingers just to scroll . Not good . * Battery hog ! I usually get less than 8 hours on this thing , listening only to music or audiobooks . My e280 would usually give me at least 1.5 days , usually 2-3 , listening to the same . * Glitchy as all get out . It seems to hate drag & drop AND syncing with MediaMonkey or WinAmp . I do not use iTunes -LRB- worst software ev-er ! -RRB- , and very much prefer drag & drop , but I 'll grudgingly agree to syncing if I have to . But bratty lil ' View did n't really want either . It would accept my drag & drop , sure , but audiobooks could only be found in the Albums - not the Audiobook - folder . I triple-checked my ID3 tagging , tried syncing via both MM and WinAmp , but View stuck its tongue out at me and kept putting the files where it wanted to . Really not good . * Mike placement & recording both stink . I 'm a freelance journalist and loved using my e280 to record interviews -LRB- much better sound quality than my old digital recorder , too -RRB- . With the e280 , I could hook it up to the lanyard and wear it around my neck as I interviewed in crowds ; the mike was a the top by the lanyard setting . The View 's mic is on the side , and there is no lanyard - bye-bye , on-the-fly recording ! Playback of audio recordings picked up every movement of the player , which I imagine is due to the lighter weight of the View - but it could n't pick up audio three feet away like the e280 did . * Rewind/FF is sketchy . It FF better than the Fuze - click once to go the next track , hold down to FF through the track - but not better than the e280 . I foudn the View to FF/RW at about 5 secs per shot - no more , no less . The e280 would FF/RW more if you held it longer . -LRB- The Fuze FF/RW was a joke . -RRB- Last year , I purchased an iPod -LRB- I think it was Nano -RRB- and a few weeks later , they released the higher memory version for the same price . I returned the older model and got the newer , and was greatly disappointed with the `` new '' model - it lacked a lot of the useability of the old model -LRB- mostly that it did n't require me to use that bloated piece o ' junk called iTunes , and the new one would n't even do drag & drop - I was forced to use said bloated software -RRB- and was not an improvement . Sad to say , my experience with the View -LRB- and the Fuze to a lesser degree -RRB- was much the same.I 'll be returning the View and trying the Clip next . Despite its lack of a MicroSD slot , I 'm hoping the Clip will give me back my Sansa joy . If not , I 'm going to have get a refurb or eBay e280 .
 The instructions are bad . As mentioned is someone else 's review the user is directed to place files in folders on the Sansa View that do not exist . Supposedly one can drag and drop WMV files right into the device and they will play . That has not been my experience . SanDisk does provide the SanDisk Media Converter for download but it is painfully slow to transfer/convert video and will only do so if the Sansa View is plugged in . The software puts it directly on the device which is a one way street . I found that I could not then copy the videos back to my PC for later use -LRB- i.e. create a stash of videos to use on the Sansa View -RRB- . I also discovered that the Sansa View , while offering to display Album Art will totally screw up some of the art . I have several CD worth loaded and find that sometimes the art displayed is from a completely different album . I also tried using the godawful Media Converter software to load photos . Within the software are controls to supposedly rotate the picture for optimum display on the Sansa View screen with a little preview display included . The rotation was completely bollixed after transfer to the device . Everything was off by 90 degrees clockwise . In this instance I was able to copy the folder to my PC and fix the problem with other graphics software and then put them back on the Sansa View . Hopefully SanDisk will come up with firmware and software fixes for these problems , but until then I really can not recommend this product to anyone .
 I was a latecomer to the MP3 scene but I finally gave in about a year and a half ago when I picked up the Sandisk Sansa 8gb . The thing was a headache right out of the box . The software was useless . I could n't for the life of me get it to work without crashing or freezing my Sansa . I gave up on that and went with the drag and drop method which was much simpler and faster and , for the most part , that worked fine.However I quickly discovered that if I wanted to add videos and photos to my Sansa , I HAD to use the software . If you drag and drop videos or photos , they wo n't be viewable . It makes absolutely no sense , but I gave the software another shot with no luck . I finally emailed customer support and they pointed me to a download of an older version of the software and , YAY ! It worked ! And about 5 minutes later it stopped working . My Sansa started sporadically disconnecting and reconnecting , interrupting the transfer and forcing me to restart the process again . Extremely frustrating.All that said , if you can deal with the frustration , the Sansa performs FAIRLY well . . I had a handful of incidents where the unit would just freeze up for no apparent reason and the delay when deleting a file or making play lists , for example , was horrid and made the features not even worth using unless you did n't mind wasting copious amounts of time.But when it was n't lagging or crashing , it worked fine . It was a nice , small size and fit into my pocket without being noticeable . The wheel and buttons were responsive and worked well , for the most part . Though I was constantly annoyed at the inability to easily browse through my music the way I want to . I tend to arrange my folders in such a way that I can easily find what I 'm looking for , and with the Sansa there is no option to just browse the hard drive and folder structure . It 's very limited and close-minded , considering how easy it would be to add such a feature.I now own a far superior -LRB- and far more expensive -RRB- Archos 5 160gb and though it 's bigger , it is a beautiful piece of electronic goodness . I 'll never buy another Sandisk media player again . Avoid !!
 While advertised as eight hours of play time , the player did n't make a two hour trip once in the three or four weeks we had it.Now just waiting to get the refund we 've been notified we will receive so we can try something else , hopefully something that will live up to its advertisement this time .
 After about 3 months things started going down hill really fast . After leaving it in the car on a summer day something went wrong with the with the power saver . I 'd charge it over night and the next morning it would be dead . I 'd listen to it for 5 minutes , turn it off , then turn it back on and it would be at half power . Recently the screen broke . That just gave me a good reason to get rid of it.Trust me , keep looking .
 I got this player for Christmas and it immediately had bad screen problems , the LCD screen would freeze or make thick dark lines . The rewind bar does n't work either ! you can rewind it and the seek bar will show it rewinding , but it 'll resume right where it left off ! I only give this player 2stars just because it 's ease .
 I bought a sansa view 8gb from Sold by
 If you have ever had an iPod you will kick yourself for buying this player . Replaced my iPod Nano because the battery life was fading . Unfortunately , there is no way to get the advertised 35 hours of advertised battery life . You should expect 6 to 8 hours.It is crashy . It occationally corrupts the tracks when it crashes . The screen is average . Getting podcsts to show up as podcasts has been frustrating . Forget about video podcasts . You will be spending a significant amount of time formatting them . Of course , you should expect even worse battery life.The reason the iPod Nano is $ 130 ; it works !
 I purchased this player last August and it worked fine for 4 months , even though I did n't play it much . My intent was to use it primarily on plane flights . Suddenly and for no reason , I was unable to easily insert the earphones into the player . With a little effort , I was finally able to insert the earphone , but could not get any sound.I contacted Sandisk and was very disappointed with their response . The player has a 1-year warranty but it 's very apparent that Sandisk is attempting to discourage replacing defective products by making purchasers jump through hoops to test the product and prove it is defective rather than immediately fixing or replacing it . If the player wo n't work as advertised , why should I be inconvenienced as a result.In addition , a senior service person was supposed to contact me about the problem , but has not done so . I would never purchase a Sandisk product in the future -- too difficult to deal with if there 's a warranty problem !
 I 'm on my third Sansa View right now ... The main problem that happened to the replaced two was probably heat . When left in the car -LRB- even under the cover of glove compartment -RRB- , it appears that the Sansa View gets too hot and the rotation wheel expands to a degree that it detaches from the sensors inside . The same scenario happened to both of my previous Sansa Views . They were left in the car 's glove compartment one day when it was a bit too hot and the rotation wheel stopped working -LRB- which renders the unit unusable -RRB- . I 've had other MP3 players before and had even left them on my car seat and they never had this problem.The first issue can be counted as my fault for leaving it in the heat . But another issue with this unit is driving me crazy . I listen to audio books alot . Some of these MP3 files are 1 hour long files . Typically , Sansa View remembers the playing position and resumes the book where I last paused it or turned it off . But sometimes , it resumes the position on the wrong file -LRB- like a previous file/chapter -RRB- , in which case I had to fast forward it to my `` bookmark '' . And Sansa View does NOT have a `` fast '' fast-forwarding feature . I literally had to hold down the fast-forward button for several minutes . That was very annoying . Playing music is fine , but for audio books I 'd try something else next time.On the side note , I do like SanDisk 's return policies and their speed in processing my two replacements . That was good .
 A new 8GB Sansa View , tested with the original firmware -LRB- do n't remember what it was -RRB- and 01.01.06 A . In both cases , repeatedly playing of 128kbps MP3 eats fully charged battery in 8 hours . No extra micro SD memory and no earphones -LRB- that is , no audio payload at all -RRB- . I would understand if it played for 30 hours instead of 35 . I would even understand 25 hours . At least , there would be some connection with the reality . But not 8 . Not 4 -LRB- four ! -RRB- times worse than claimed . Dear Sansisk , you are liers . Your reputation is getting down below the ground level.I do n't believe it is a bug in the firmware , because when playing it noticeably warms up -- very slightly , but quite noticeably . It means the player consumes at least 1 watt of power -- just my rough estimation , but definitely not 0.1 watt . When it consumes 1 watt of power , the fully charged battery must keep at least 35 Watt/hour . In my laptop it 's a 71 w/h extended battery and it 's very heavy . Do you believe such a small thing like Sansa View can keep 35 w/h ? I do n't -- it simply impossible.I do n't care much about this money and will keep using it mostly in my car , with the external power . I 'm too busy and too lazy to send it back . But I want people to know
 This item is one of the worse I have seen in the Sansa family . I have had all the Sansa E200 series mp3 players and those froze at times when viewing video . Good sound when you use better headphones . The only thing that is good about this mp3 player is the large view screen . The conversion software always freezes after the video file has been converted meaning that you have to Ctrl < Alt < Delete to shut down the program . As a ` techie ' , I recommend that you do n't buy this item . Oh ! one more thing ! Do not order via the free shipping that Amazon offers . It 's just ` standard ' meaning you could have you item delivered to you way past the scheduled mailing time or not at all . It 's been a month now and I still have n't recieved my original order alhough Amazon was gracious to resend the item , but I had to get it sent to my job which amazingly got there much faster through the same type shipping . Imagine that !
 I am thourghly disappointed in this Sansas View . It deleted songs all the time wont keep them on wont connect to computer , if it keeps them it puts them on 3 or 4 times and when you detelted the dups.it deletes them all .