 I have generally had very good experience ordering jewelry from Amazon sellers , so I ordered two of these necklace pendants , one for myself and one for my mother . Both arrived with very badly tarnished chains -LRB- about half the chain rust colored on both -RRB- . In addition , the actual pendants were scratched and `` used looking '' .
 when i opened the box , i was expecting two elephant charms . what did i get ? one . come on . who would buy one ?
 Received this as a gift from my husband . He had it gift wrapped and held it for the occasion . When I opned the bracelet , we were both very disappointed . The quality was very poor and bracelet did hand nicely on the wrist . He contacted the seller through Amazon to request a refund . They refused to refund or exchange the item . Unfortunately he had not opened the item when it was received , since it was gift wrapped . He held it beyond their return window , as he was saving it to be gifted . I called the vendor myself to explain and seek a compromise . They were unyeilding , explaining that they could not return the bracelet to their vendor or restock it , so we were out of luck . Beware of the return policy with this vendor especially if it is a gift .
 The ring sizes run much smaller than the usual and the ring is so wide that you ca n't close your hand when it is on . Returning the item was even more difficult . While I returned it within one week of purchase , it took 7 weeks and a complaint filed with Amazon to get my refund . If you do purchase from this seller & ultimately have to return something be very sure you get a tracking number or receipt confirmation . Without that I would still be waiting for my money .
 this is a really pretty ring , but , since it is `` rolling '' type ring , the gems fall out quite easily . Also , there are two gold bands , and one silver band , instead of three different colored bands -LRB- gold , rose and silver , etc -RRB- , which would have made more sense . The two gold , one silver just looks odd . I got a lot of compliments the first few days I had the ring , but after that the gems fell out , so , I do n't wear it at all .
 I bought this ring just for ring size testing , so the quality is not a problem for me . But there are something about this ring and it 's center stone that i think i should let other buyers know in advance . I highly doubt the material is CZ -LRB- Cubic Zirconia -RRB- . Through carefully observing under the x30 jewelers scope , the refractive index of the center stone seems to be very low , about 1.6 , which is very close to glass but not CZ . Typically , a CZ has a refractive index around 2.15 . And diamond is 2.4 . For those who does not know what i was talking about , let 's put it this way
 I ordered a black titanium barbell . Once i recieved it , not even a day later black paint was chipping off my `` titanium ring . '' Obviously the ring was n't titanium , but painted steel , manipulatinf titanium .
 I had ordered this for my girlfriends birthday , her birthstone being amethyst i thought i was getting a good deal on a nice piece . I was wrong . The stones have very VERY little purple in them , and frankly it just looks very cheaply made . And that is not the worst of it . When i was opening the box i could hear something jangling around , it turned out to be one of the stones that had already fallen out of the bracelet . I WILL be returning this item and i urge you the customer not to waste your time here .
 This is made OK . The stones are washed out , no color . Purchased for gifts but will not give them as it will embarrass me . I would have returned them but I was traveling and missed the deadline .
 but when you put the necklace on , you ca n't even see either the sparkle , or the beauty of it . The stones are very small , which is expected . What is not expected is that the stones are linked by 3 ... -LRB- Meaning , 3 stones seem to be soldered together , then connected to 3 more stones , etc. -RRB- This made for an awkward appearance when worn since it 's not `` fluid . '' In other words , the necklace would `` flip '' constantly , and all you saw was silver and not the `` topaz . `` I considered keeping it anyways because the price was great , the stones are sparkly and the color pretty , but the 18 '' wouldnt fit 3x around my wrist -LRB- 2x made it too large -RRB- to be worn as a bracelet of some sorts.Unfortunately , this will have to go back . I wish it was better designed for more movement of each stone so that it laid better against the skin .
 Poorly made , washed out stones . Can not use for gifts because the quality is so terrible . Would have returned but missed return deadline due to travel . Stuck with them .
 This is a very poor quality necklace . I needed to take it in direct light before I could see any stones , nothing like picture shown . No bill in the box , so sadly , I am unable to return .
 For the money ~ I was very disappointed in these earring and I wrote to the seller right a way.I had to go away on a family reunion but I did not even bring them ~ they are not classey looking at all . For Chalcedony I was so sadly let down . Think Twice is my advice ! Lynn C. ~ South Jersey , N. J.
 This was a case of you get what you pay for ! The price was excellent but the stones are barely a blue color at all - not very pretty . Additionally , I am not able to wear them because the metal prong that is supposed to go through your ear is so thick -LRB- I do n't wear earrings all the time , so the holes in my ears are not stretched out at all ! -RRB- I was unable to get it through my ears !
 I purchased these earrings for myself , and when they arrived I knew right away they did not look like blue topaz . They are a very pale blue , and look like aquamarine instead . Also , the posts are unusually wide , and are difficult , and somewhat painful , to insert in the ear if you 're used to the more common thin posts .
 I really am confused in why this item got so many positive reviews ?! Perhaps I just got a dud ?! Blue topaz is my birhtstone , and seeing the size of these , I thought these would be the perfect kind of earrings to put in and forget about ... Mind you , I own many blue topaz pieces ... but these were barely blue at all ! And the silver pieces in between the stones ? Well , it just blended the stones in even more to a washed out faded look ! Seriously , I couldnt even tell these were blue topaz.Unfortunately , these went back . I wanted blue topaz , not some pale whitish stones ...
 The chain is so thin and flimsy , I 'm afraid that if I wear it I 'll lose it . I think that it might fall off of my neck . Years ago , I had a similar chain that did that , but I only paid about $ 6.00 or $ 7.00 for it . It was sterling silver , too . And , the whole necklace is so little and scarce . The way that it was made to look in the adverisement made me feel like I was really getting a good deal . Instead , I feel like I got taken . I thought that the chain would at least be thicker and stronger -- I mean , for $ 30.00 . If I could 've seen the actual chain before buying it , I would n't have paid more than $ 10.00 for it .
 i never get the item but was my fault i order to other adress sorry but i guess is a good product
 I bought this pendant because was nice in the picture and also had a 50 % discount but in reality looks very cheap the chain is very thin and fragile ...
 it was terrible and not what i ordered at all very very angry when i got my item maybe it was my fault but was n't happy
 This was n't expensive , but it is rather cheap looking . I have seen better CZ rings like this , at about the same price .
 its nice the first few times you wear it , but it quickly look dingy , even after being careful not to get it too worn out .
 I rrceived my ring very quickly in the mail . Because it was on sale , I felt I 'd gotten a great deal ! Especially once I put it on my finger . Its a beautiful ring ! But in less than a week , one of the stones is already gone . What a disappointment .
 I was very disappointed with this ring . I plan on returning it . Looks nothing like the picture . I would have been better off buying something similar at the teen jewelry store at the local mall . Totally over priced not worth it at all .
 This ring looks nothing like the picture . the diamonds are small and not very noticeable ; I will be sending this back
 This rings looks nothing like the picture at all ! The stones are so small I can barely even tell they are stones , then the ring is so thin and small . It looks like a ring I would buy in a egg from a machine . I returned it promptly . This was a very misleading buy .
 I returned this item because the diamonds were too small . It was n't a channel set and you could n't appreciate the diamonds enough . I found a channel set band of the same size and diamonds were more visible . It was not what I expected .
 Beautiful ring , but with `` made in china '' printed quite clearly on the inside of the ring , it does n't seem like the best kind of gift if it 's supposed to mean something . Another review warned me of this tacky attribute of the ring , but I thought , `` there 's no way a 2mm ring could visibly have those words printed on its interior ! '' Well , I was wrong .
 When I saw this ring it looked very pretty , wrong ! The ring looks very cheesy , nothing like the picture ! The stones are so small they are almost non existant . I could have got a nicer ring in a bubble gum machine . I just ca n't believe I bought this peice of crap . I 'll never by another piece of jewelry , unless I see it in my hand first . I live and learn everyday . I wo n't waste my time sending it back , but at least I learned a lesson !
 I ordered the size I usually wear but it was too small and I did not rec , info.on how to exchange .
 I ordered this ring because it was so pretty and it got great reviews however , I am not happy with it at all but for the price , I will get over it !
 It looked like aluminum foil up against my engagement ring . I am not satisfied as I wanted it to be a temporary wedding band till i get a real one . But I can say by it 's self it 's cute . It could look real on a finger by itself .
 The ring was beautiful when I received it ... but one of the stones fell out in the first few days ... so I ca n't wear it any longer ...
 This was not what I expected , but for the price , I should have realized it would not look like an expensive ring . The stones were very , very small . It was returned .
 After about a week of wearing it one of the stones fell out . Other then that it was very pretty . But i cant wear it anymore .
 I wore it once and a stone has already fallen out . Spent way too much money for that to be acceptable .
 Has n't broken or anything , but made the hole really red and sore and I 've had the piercing for YEARs !
 Well charms certainly have changed . No time to reorder something else , I gave this as a give , but it embarrassed me to do so . Sooooooooo tiny it almost went out with the wrapping . No room to engrave even a year on it . Purchased in White Gold the price was not cheap , but I 'm sure the gift came across as a gum machine trinket . Too Bad ...
 The quality of this item was not up to expectations.The Top was scratched , the hinges did not line up to the pre-drilled holes and the staining was inconsistant . If I saw this item in a store I would not have purchased it .
 Earings are too big ... no way of knowing they were as big as they are ... nothing i will wear ...
 I got a lackluster and marginally impersonal response from this company when I wrote in and asked them if they 'd accidentally sent me a child-size toe ring . I 'd never received one so tiny before or had this issue at all via amazon , let alone brick & mortar jewelry stores . It is a pain to adjust , and will slip off adjusting it to the size of my other toe rings when they 're not extended whatsoever . That was my cue that I was n't imagining the discrepancy lol it 's painful to keep on when adjusted to the point that it wo n't slip off . Save your $ unless you 're buying it for a toddler . If you extend it so it fits your smallest , normal-sized adult toe , it will fall off . If you tighten it enough so that it will stay on , you ca n't walk . Someone in eve ` saddiction manufacturing dropped the ball somewhere
 I had originally written a review about this ring after I received it . It was a good review because I was happy at the time . HOWEVER I just had to edit my review because I have only had this ring exactly a week and one of the longest arms or w/e it is broke off !! And dont be fooled the stone in the middle is not like that it is a very small stone in a cone type thing and also it was a little hard to adjust the first time . I will not be purchasing anything else from this company . The only reason it is 2 stars is because I DID like the ring at first .
 This brooch is far too small and expensive for its size . I was shocked when I pulled it out of its pouch . May I iterate , it is far too small . Without a moment 's hesitation this brooch was immediately returned .
 these earings are the worst ! they are way too heavy and the rocks on the bottom weent the same color ! on was grey and one was black ! I dont recommend this !
 I do n't actually own the product , but I happened to notice something wrong . The title of the product is `` Midnight Gem LEO Zodiac Sign Dangle Belly Ring '' . This is what I noticed
 Was very pleased to recieve this Beautiful rope chain at first.I ordered this chain for a friend , replacing a much thinner chain which always got tangled . Unfortunately he started getting a bad rash around his neck from this chain after a few weeks use.Be careful .
 It 's okay , have worn it a few times and it looks okay but it is so lightweight ... not a great buy even at this price .
 This item shipped folded up in a little bag . It had lots of kinks in it . Would not purchase again !
 Very pretty looking but I wore it twice and stones -LRB- yes more than one -RRB- have fallen out never to be seen again . Waste of money .
 Love the design but the raised relief on the band itself is very sharp and catches on clothing and can easily scratch skin .
 This ring looks great online but once I received it I was disappointed . Maybe it 's because I only got one but I was not happy with it and I must say I will be returning this item . It looks so much better online than what it did when I got it . In my opinion even if I would of bought more than one its not worth the $ that they are asking for . This seller does have a very nice presentation when u receive your package and you will recieve your purchase within the promised time frame .
 I 'm not sure why everyone is raving about this . My girlfriend bought this and she was highly disappointed . The metal is very thin and cheap ... the stone is also fairly cloudy and it 's HIGHLY apparent it 's fake . This ring should be priced more like $ 2.99 .
 I own a 1 ct. real diamond and puchased this ring for fun while my ring was being serviced . This ring is about 2.5 - 3 carats . From afar , this ring may look real but it looks very fake close up . The setting is poorly constructed and looks like you 'd get it from claire 's . The stone is sparkly but the color looks like it is a cubic zirconia . I 'm almost too embarrased to wear it because it looks so fake . For those reviewers that stated the ring was `` gorgeous '' and `` looks real '' , they clearly do n't have diamond experience . Maybe I 'm a snob , but do n't get his ring thinking it 'll pass off as real . Think about it like this ... . what you pay for is what you get . If you pay $ 18.99 for a ring , it 'll look like an $ 18.99 ring .
 The stone was far larger and the band far thinner than depicted . I opened the box and was very disappointed with what I found .
 Ok so I wanted a ring that could replace my wedding ring till I could get a new one and fell in love with this one till it was sent to me . It looks like a dollar store ring ! its cheap looking and I was very disappointed . The one thing that was good about this product is that it was in my mailbox within 2 days of ordering it !
 This ring is ok for the price . Very light weight , band is very thin . Actually bent band by just taking off . Ok to wear to add a little bling . Wish it was better quality - I know , you get what you pay for . Looks like my 7 yr old niece is getting a new ring .
 Was not satisifed with the quality , cute cheap earrings . I gave them to my teenage daughter . I paid more for shipping then i paid for the earrings , but i guess what you pay for ; is what you get . Cheap .
 When I ordered this locket , I expected to receive a beautiful , antique-looking locket , that looked the same in the picture as it did in my hand . I was extremely disappointed . The locket itself is made of cheap , thin metal . The `` antique '' effect is just black paint in the creases . It appears as if the locket was dipped in motor oil , but not thoroughly cleaned . The chain is almost as bad . It is very bulky , much larger than it looks in the picture . AND the chain broke seconds after I got it out of the package -LRB- although the package was quite nice -RRB- . To prospective buyers , do n't waste your money . This necklace belongs in the garbage can , end of story .
 I have had my nose pierced for years and I am pretty used to purchasing nose pins/rings like this but I have never been so dissapointed . Had I known that the quality of this piece of jewelry was going to be so low I would 've saved my $ 10.99 + expedited shipping , spend a little more and got a real nose pin . The last nose pin I had got old and was due for a replacement , I found this one and bought it but as soon as I got it I thought this must be a joke because it was by far the smallest nose ring I 've seen -LRB- it would n't fit my sister who has a small nose -RRB- . I have never been dissapointed by bodycandy before so do n't let this review reflect your opinion of their company or service . I always receive my orders quickly and I have never been dissapointed with their jewelry before but this piece was laughable .
 Nose earring was too small to put in my nose , and as i was trying to put it in , the little rhinestone came out of the earring . I need to return .
 The 3 charms I ordered from Pugster could be described in a word , disappointing . The items were not as they appeared . They were much smaller , the graphics very poor.When I attempted to send the charms back I was directed to a very time and energy intensive process to return the charms . At one point in the return process , I did not receive return emails or phone calls after 4 attempts to contact Pugster?Needless to say , I will not be ordering from Pugster in the near or distant future .
 these earrings are too small , smaller than what i thought . they look nice when i put them on but i cant wear them too long because they hurt the back of my ears . waste of money ...
 I was really disappointed with the product . It is to thin and the chain turns a dark color after a few wears . I have only had this item for 3 weeks and have had to clean it four -LRB- 4 -RRB- times already . Would not recommend it for purchase .
 This anklet was really pretty . I liked it and wore it all the time . Then , it was made so cheaply that it broke . Not good . I would n't recommend it .
 The sterling on the ankle bracelet turned black almost immediately . Unfortunately , I had thrown away all of the shipping info , otherwise I would have returned it .
 These bracelets are so flimsy , skinny that they bend before you can even put them on . At first it seemed like good value , but they are not worth even $ 200.00 that I paid for each . Spend more to get something that does n't collapse .
 Bought this Budda and within a couple of wearings it began to fall out of the bezel . Although there appears to be enough metal to hold it in -LRB- from the front -RRB- the back is lacking.I am not pleased ...
 The description for this earrings should say - Children 's Jewelry . So tiny and I find the quality so poor . This must be made in either China or Thailand where most cheap jewelry nowadays come from . Will learn a lesson next time .
 These earrings are not worth more than the $ 5 I paid , but they are cute and the company shipped all items promptly . The `` dangle '' part of the earring above the colored beads look like cheap plastic beads stacked on top of each other .
 This item is priced well , but it is WAY too small to engrave anything on that anyone could read - not to mention that the back is not smooth , it 's ` pebbly ' . The best use for it is to hang it off an existing medical id bracelet near the clasp , so that if the face plate is turned around , the caduceus is visible .
 The produce got to me in good time , very good shape and the item was so well liked by the person I gave it too.I will order from this Company again .
 It is painful . The head of the seahorse digs into the skin because of the length of the bar , and shape of the head .
 My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set . We came across these and instantly fell in love with them . . I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later . The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful . . It was exactly what we wanted . . We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings . The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched . . I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if would n't scratch ... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy . . I guess we 'll see .
 Terrible ! Did not have three pink `` dangles '' as pictured , only three clear beads dangling at bottom , ALSO , missing a pink center stone ! I definitely can not wear this the way I recieved it . Very dissapointed considering how excited I was to wear the jewelry that was shown in the picture : ' - -LRB-
 It serves the purpose , but it seemed to me that the image was a lot prettier and sparklier than it turned out to be . I wear it UNDER my shirt since it does not compliment anything I wear .
 My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set . We came across these and instantly fell in love with them . . I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later . The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful . . It was exactly what we wanted . . We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings . The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched . . I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if would n't scratch ... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy . . I guess we 'll see .
 My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set . We came across these and instantly fell in love with them . . I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later . The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful . . It was exactly what we wanted . . We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings . The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched . . I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if would n't scratch ... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy . . I guess we 'll see .
 This product was much larger than the picture showed . Also , It only would have fit a man 's finger . It was almost scary looking and not represented well on line .
 My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set . We came across these and instantly fell in love with them . . I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later . The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful . . It was exactly what we wanted . . We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings . The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched . . I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if would n't scratch ... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy . . I guess we 'll see .
 This thing turned my arm black & the whole braclet was black . . I was looking for semthing that would last , but this is not it ... no I would not recommend this . .
 I really like the bracelet but the clasp wo n't stay closed . I have lost is two times and have found it both times . I have worn copper bracelets for years and they really work for arthritis . I am very disappointed in the clasp and would like a solution for this problem . Help !
 This product advertised as ` one size fits all ' was too small . I returned it and they send me another . Also too small .
 My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set . We came across these and instantly fell in love with them . . I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later . The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful . . It was exactly what we wanted . . We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings . The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched . . I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if would n't scratch ... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy . . I guess we 'll see .
 This is a nice bracelet . I would order it , but you have to tack on an extra 7.95 for shipping . not worth it when I can just go to Macy 's and buy it for around 15 bucks .
 THis product looked nothing like the picture . It was very small and did not sparkle . I had to purchase other earrings , instead .
 My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set . We came across these and instantly fell in love with them . . I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later . The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful . . It was exactly what we wanted . . We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings . The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched . . I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if would n't scratch ... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy . . I guess we 'll see .
 This ring got broken the first week I use it . It 's a weak ring that is know not useful . I paid for nothing . The stone was clear , it did not have a blue color and it was not a blue topaz .
 My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set . We came across these and instantly fell in love with them . . I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later . The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful . . It was exactly what we wanted . . We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings . The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched . . I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if would n't scratch ... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy . . I guess we 'll see .
 Item is very good looking in pictures but in real life it 's lacking allot . The crystals are not very clear and several have fallen out and the tip already has a crack in it , I expect it to fall off withen a month or so . Save your money or find some thing else .
 Photograph of the item is stunning however ; upon opening the package the actual item looks extremely small . I have a hard time believing the before discount price is correct . The included gift box is small , and feels cheap . If I could have seen this item in store before purchase I would have passed .
 My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set . We came across these and instantly fell in love with them . . I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later . The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful . . It was exactly what we wanted . . We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings . The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched . . I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if would n't scratch ... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy . . I guess we 'll see .
 My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set . We came across these and instantly fell in love with them . . I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later . The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful . . It was exactly what we wanted . . We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings . The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched . . I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if would n't scratch ... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy . . I guess we 'll see .
 ordered this spider , never came in the mail ... contacted seller and said one was on the way ... never came .
 I 've had it for 3 months and that `` antique-look '' is discolored and all except one gem has fallen off . I guess this is good for you if you like disposable jewelry .
 The O ring that holds the charm on has already broken off and is now unwearable and the charm was lost when this happened since I did n't know when or where it happened . I really liked it until this happened . It really did n't seem that fragile .
 This ring is supposedly designed so that you can wear it with the tag hanging down -LRB- as shown -RRB- or in the reverse with the tang hanging from the top . In the latter position , the tag is quite heavy and the slightest motion causes the ring to protrude up which stretches the hole a great deal and makes it very easy to snag or see through clothing . In the position pictured , the ring will not fit at all in any size piercing because the tag is actually curved and bows out . The barbell is not long enough to accommodate this curve and the tag will either pull the ring out or flip over so it is upside down . Certainly not worth 19.99 nor even 1.99 .
 I 'm used to the malleability of pewter , but this was ridiculous . Bent all-to-hell just from normal wear . Would n't suggest to a friend .
 Wolf Dream Catcher is actually smaller than pictured . While it is nice , one must look closely to figure out what the medallion actually is . Light but sturdy . The beaded adornments slide along the cord freely and with some work on your part , it might hang at its longest nicely.However , the cord is quite thin and disappointing and seems to be permanently curled from packaging and shipping position . No matter what I do , I can not seem to straighten the cord so it hangs evenly . There are several twists and curls in it that make it look dumb . Although it is adjustable by a simple pull-the-knot-through-the-loop closesure , it does n't stay where you put it . The slightest movement and it drops back to its longest.This would be much nicer on a chain that hangs appropriately . However , the openings in the adornment beads is so small , I doubt purchasing a separate chain would work . While the chain might fit through the beading and the bail for the medallion itself , I have yet to figure out how to get the loop at the beginning of the chain -LRB- that the lock attaches to -RRB- through the beads to begin the threading process . Do n't think there is a chain out there small enough to fit yet strong enough to hold . Now , if one wanted to remove the loop for the closure on a chain , thread the chain through the beads and medallion and then reattach the closure loop , I am sure that would work . I just do n't want to go through all that work . This is going back.p.s . I also purchased , at the same time , the Wolf Tooth necklace . Same holds true for that one . And in the picture online , the wolf 's head appears to have varied colors on it distinguishing it from the ` tooth ' . However , mine is all the same color so , once again , unless one looks closely , it is difficult to determine what the medallion actually is . The cord is the same as above . This one is also going back.The Wolf Earrings , on the other hand , while small , are great . Sturdy post that does n't seem as if it will bend easily . These are very small so look best as a second piercing adornment , but can be worn alone for a more subdued look.The Wolf Cuff bracelet is nice , and looks much sturdier than it is . The first time I put it on and tried to gently bend the sides to fit my wrist better as one must do with most cuffs , the section where the wolf is attached got ` bend marks ' in it . So now the cuff looks like a 3-sided box - actual bend marks showing top and both sides . I 'll keep it because I bent it but doubt I 'll wear it often .
 I do n't really like the quality of it . When you start to bend it around your wrist you can hear it almost crackling . I 'm guessing this is because its Pewter which I 'm not familiar with but I 'm sure I wont purchase anything Pewter again . It looks like it would be a nice weight and feel but it just feels thin and brittle , when you bend it you can sort of see it get bubbled cracks -LRB- thats the best way I can describe it -RRB- . I thought from the previous reviews that I would like it . . But I do n't . It 's a 50/50 product I guess . All in all , I 'm dissapointed and I know I wo n't be wearing it anytime soon .
 The look of the bracelet was exactly like the picture . It looked great on my wrist and for a month of wearing maybe 3 times a week . it broke . The metal broke right at the tail of the wolf . Maybe it is a weak spot at the wield , but I was shocked that it broke so easily . I liked the look and feel , but duribility is a big question . I would not buy this item again .
 I just hate this product and ill tell u why . For starters its to flimsy it bends way to easly . After a few days from having it it stareted to get a hair line crack right next to the wolf . I wore it to dinner with my husband and it got snaged on my purse when i was geting something out and it just bent all the way back and snaped off . This pruduct suxs and im glad they arnt selling this awfull thing no more . I would not recomend it to no one . and yes this product does have a beautifull wolf on it but its just not a good sturdy metal .
 I was very disappointed in the ring . The color is grey not sterling bright . I was looking for the somerset mesh ring but it was not available in size 9 so ordered this one which looked the same but was NOT i plan to return the ring .
 This is a nice ring . I thought it very pretty when I first received it . Over time it seems to have faded in color and I no longer wear it .
 The ring is much smaller than what it appears like in the photo . The photo gives the impression that the pearl is large and slightly raised . The `` pearl '' in the ring I got was actualy set flat in to the ring and it looked like cheap mother of pearl , nothing like in the photo . Also the band of the ring is very thin . Overall I was very disapointed and I rarely wear the ring .
 Not blue , practically black and opaque . Color can not be seen in not only inside under electrical light , but even outside on sunny day.Returned immediately
 My husband gave me this necklace for my first Mother 's Day since the birth of my son . Unfortunately , the cameo fell out of it only about 3 months after I recieved it ! It 's completely lost . I almost cried because it really is a beautiful piece . My suggestion is that if you buy this check it often or perhaps even see if a jewelry shop can reinforce the setting for you .
 I purchased this necklace for my daughter , having her first child . Gave it to her at her baby shower on Nov. 3 . It brought tears , she loved it so much . A month later she had to purchase a new chain for it . Last week the cameo came out of the rim , she barely tried to push it back in and it broke in half . It lasted almost 2 months , not counting the chain . It was something she wanted to keep for a lifetime . So disappointed !!!!!
 This charm is small and beautiful ... the hook on the charm broke after 1 week ... considering the price I was shocked at the small size and the fact that it broke so quickly ... BUT I will not return this product because I do love it despite the downfalls
 Cute and cheap - you get what you pay for but only for a week . Because that 's how long it takes before the stone falls out of the stud . You probably wo n't notice at first that you 're walking around wearing 1 earring that looks like you found it in a dumpster . Not impressed , but I 've accepted it and moved on . Clearly .
 when this arrived , I was really disappointed . In the box it looks really cheap . However , it does look nice when it is worn . The clasp is a bit flimsy , and the shipping costs are outrageous . I would recommend you price shop a bit .
 The earring is different from the one in the picture - it has an open hook , so it is not so safe to wear . The plastic stone is really light in colour , and looks too obviously plastic . It 's a pitty as the frame looks really nice .
 I got this for my wife at Christmas . We then had to travel across country from SC to WA . During the trip she kept some of her jewelry in this case . You know , the stuff she wears all the time . Well I spent hours untangling all her necklaces . They slip into the top of the case and are held in place by a little hook . The other end is free to move around . Presto ! tangled necklaces . There is no way to hold the bottoms in place and if the case turns upside down -LRB- which happens when your moving luggage -RRB- the necklace slips off the top clip . Very disappointed .
 not what i needed in size -LRB- too small for all the jewelry my granddaughter like to carry with her most of the times
 Jewish star was purchased for my adult son . Although it is attractive , it is much too flimsy for a man to wear . I was very disappointed with the weight of the star , also . It appear in the picture to be a more substantial piece of jewelry .
 My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set . We came across these and instantly fell in love with them . . I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later . The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful . . It was exactly what we wanted . . We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings . The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched . . I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if would n't scratch ... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy . . I guess we 'll see .
 My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set . We came across these and instantly fell in love with them . . I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later . The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful . . It was exactly what we wanted . . We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings . The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched . . I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if would n't scratch ... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy . . I guess we 'll see .
 I was embarrassed to give this to my stepmother for Christmas . I did n't realize it was embossed `` MADE IN CHINA '' on the bottom . I was very disappointed ; it 's a deal-breaking blemish on an otherwise nice piece .
 I GAVE 2 STARS BECAUSE I BOUGHT THIS FOR AN ADULT CHARM BRACELET AND THIS IS TINY LIKE FOR A CHILD CHARM ... IT IS VERY CUTE AND WELL MADE , SHINEY , AND THE COLOR IS A SOFT PINK -LRB- CUTE -RRB-
 I bought a lovely necklace that Amazon featured this set of earrings as well as a bracelet with as a `` buy together for '' deal . I was SO incredibly disappointed with these earrings ! These were described as 4-5 mm , and the length 1.75 '' . The image alone is deceiving . The actual `` pearl '' portion is only 1 '' long -LRB- see images I uploaded -RRB- . If the seller had featured a picture of them being worn , I would have seen the pearls & overall earrings were much smaller . My husband , an engineer , measured the pearls with a caliper and found they were 3 mm at best , only 2 were 4 mm . The freshwater pearl necklace -LRB- from a different seller -RRB- looks NOTHING like these earrings and together look mismatched so I gave the earrings to my teenage daughter . For a 16 year old , these are fine , but I would n't rate these earrings better than any fake set you could buy at Claire 's . I think I 'm done purchasing jewelry on Amazon.com unless they start requiring sellers to post more images , especially of the item worn .
 This is more of a charm than a keychain ... If that 's what you 're looking for , buy away ! However , the side of the shamrock that is n't shown has a relatively big stamp -LRB- not a sticker that can be removed -RRB- in the metal that says `` CHINA . '' Not quite the Irish spirit I was looking for .
 This charm has a goldish tint to it that made me think maybe it was n't authentically sterling , but it was stamped with 925 , as well as a GIANT `` China '' imprint . Not very pleased with the color or the stamp .
 This item is awful ! they have stamped the word China and a number into the face of the clover . who wants that ?!
 I expected this charm to be much bigger and did n't think to check the measurements when it popped up as my search for a &#34; four leaf clover key chain . &#34; It is EXTREMELY small . about the size of my finger nail . So if that is what you are looking for than this is the purchase for you . If you were looking for a key chain as I was do n't waste your money . It barely fits on my key ring .
 If the seller had been specific about the size of this item , it would have eliminated the need of returning it . And MADE IN CHINA stamped on the back of it ? -- REALLY !
 My biggest problem with this product is actually my fault . I searched for &#34; four leaf clover keychain &#34; , and this was the first item on the list . I did not read the entire name of the item which ends in &#34; charm &#34; or the description . The picture gave me no size reference so it actually looked like a keychain . And of course it was exactly what I was looking for in a keychain , sooo ... I bought it ! Needless to say I was very disappointed when I received it , and it was no bigger than an eraser head ! So I just want to make sure everyone understands its a charm for a charm bracelet and not a keychain!Besides this minor complaint , I gave it only two stars because if I were purchasing a charm for my sister or girlfriend , then I still would have been disappointed ! Like I said earlier , it 's about the size of an eraser head which is small even for a charm . But also , on the backside it 's got the word &#34; CHINA &#34; written across one of the leaves ! And on another leaf it has a sterling silver marking . When I get a charm for my loved ones I , nor they want it to say anything besides what it 's supposed to say !
 This item is good size good weight except it has CHINA right on the front of it in big letters !!
 My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set . We came across these and instantly fell in love with them . . I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later . The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful . . It was exactly what we wanted . . We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings . The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched . . I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if would n't scratch ... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy . . I guess we 'll see .
 these earrings do not lay right . It looked like I was taking off from outer space !!!!
 Bought these for my 9 year old niece for christmas and was slightly disappointed in them . They are really small . You have to have tiny ears to be able to notice that you even have them on . So , I 'd only recommend them for toddlers and younger children pre-school who have pierced ears . Quality is decent sterling silver , and they are probably ok for moms to put on their toddlers because they will stay nicely due to the good screw backing . But , kids a little older who usually put their own earrings in might be disappointed and will probably have trouble putting them in themselves . They are so tiny -LRB- looks like about 1/4 '' -RRB- it 's difficult to hold them to put them in and they will also be lost easily . Probably good for a small child who wo n't want to change their earrings very often and maybe keep them in , or if mom can do it for her . They might also be good for anyone with multiple piercings who want a few tiny earrings to go with their central earring .
 I was disappointed in these earring . They were very small and not very detail . It was not a good purchase
 These were meant for my toddler . The backs are too poorly connected to the bears and one broke in two parts just trying to pop them into her ears . Too bad , really cute earrings ! I was n't surprised when it happened because it looked flimsy .
 My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set . We came across these and instantly fell in love with them . . I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later . The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful . . It was exactly what we wanted . . We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings . The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched . . I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if would n't scratch ... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy . . I guess we 'll see .
 My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set . We came across these and instantly fell in love with them . . I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later . The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful . . It was exactly what we wanted . . We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings . The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched . . I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if would n't scratch ... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy . . I guess we 'll see .
 These are really pretty but you can barely make out that they are ballet slippers . They are really TINY . We bought them for an 8 year old . Would have been small enough for a 0-2 year old .
 Bought these in advance as a gift for my daughter 's fifth birthday . Was checking them before I wrapped them , and one of the posts fell off in my hand before she even wore them .
 I ordered these earrings for my 10 year old granddaughter and when they arrived I was very disappointed in how tiny they were . They were very pretty but very small .
 I bought this navel ring awhile ago with clear crystals I thought it was cute and I liked how it is movable . Unfortunately only a couple days after wearing it one jewel fell out , and shortly after that another one fell out too . So I stopped wearing it altogether . I also bought another belly ring from the same company and that one began to tarnish quickly , So I do n't think I will be taking any more chances ordering from this company any more .
 I ordered 3 items . This necklace came to me with a nasty kink and a ring that had a dent in it.I had to send it back paying for the shipping handling ... so I paid for the initial shipping and handling as well as the shipping and handling to send it backThis company is ripping off consumers !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I ordered 3 items . This necklace came to me with a nasty kink and a ring that had a dent in it.I had to send it back paying for the shipping handling ... so I paid for the initial shipping and handling as well as the shipping and handling to send it backThis company is ripping off consumers !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set . We came across these and instantly fell in love with them . . I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later . The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful . . It was exactly what we wanted . . We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings . The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched . . I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if would n't scratch ... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy . . I guess we 'll see .
 I was very excited to get these earrrings for my daughter for Christmas , however upon opening found that one of the front of the earrings was dented . Now I need to return them . Other than the dent , they were cute . Even though they were only $ 25.00 , there should be some quality control by the manufacturer .
 My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set . We came across these and instantly fell in love with them . . I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later . The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful . . It was exactly what we wanted . . We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings . The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched . . I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if would n't scratch ... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy . . I guess we 'll see .
 My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set . We came across these and instantly fell in love with them . . I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later . The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful . . It was exactly what we wanted . . We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings . The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched . . I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if would n't scratch ... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy . . I guess we 'll see .
 Sorry , I can not rate yet , as I have not received the item ! I will be happy to rate this item when I receive it .
 It is very small and lacks detail . I do n't even know what to do with it , I just put it away when it came .
 This necklace was a complete disappointment , I will return it right away . For the amount I spent on this I expected much more . The chain is very cheap , I am sure it would break within a week even with a careful girl . The pendant is so small you almost ca n't see it . I know that for the same amount of money I can find something much nicer .
 I bought this necklace for my granddaughter . When I received it , I took it out of the box and it had two knots in it . I worked for a while and was able to remove one . Kept having a problem with new knots . Finally gave up and returned product . The necklace was nice enough but the chain is much too delicate for a child .
 When I opened the box I actually thought they forgot to include the pendant in with the chain . Then inside a tiny piece of tissue paper was a microscopic pendant . Considering I just purchased a cross from Ireland twenty times the size of this for only $ 20 more , you know this is going back . This is even too tiny for an infant .
 Returning today , the pendant is less than 1/10 of an inch in size . decent quality but very very tiny
 This Pendant is so small , you ca n't really tell what it is from more than a foot away . If I had paid five dollars for this , I would have felt ripped off . $ 20 for this piece of junk is insane .
 I was not aware how tiny this charm was so I was disappointed . I am not sure my 4 year old niece will know they are slippers .
 I ordered 3 items . This necklace came to me with a nasty kink and a ring that had a dent in it.I had to send it back paying for the shipping handling ... so I paid for the initial shipping and handling as well as the shipping and handling to send it backThis company is ripping off consumers !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set . We came across these and instantly fell in love with them . . I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later . The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful . . It was exactly what we wanted . . We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings . The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched . . I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if would n't scratch ... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy . . I guess we 'll see .
 This item was a disappointment because it was much smaller and lighter than I expected . For the price I expected a more substantial chain and pendant ... had it been priced appropriately , about 50 % less , I would 've expected what I got and would 've avoided it as a gift .
 I ordered 3 items . This necklace came to me with a nasty kink and a ring that had a dent in it.I had to send it back paying for the shipping handling ... so I paid for the initial shipping and handling as well as the shipping and handling to send it backThis company is ripping off consumers !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set . We came across these and instantly fell in love with them . . I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later . The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful . . It was exactly what we wanted . . We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings . The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched . . I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if would n't scratch ... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy . . I guess we 'll see .
 This is a necklace with 3 very tiny pendants , that is not connected to each other . They sort of just clump up and usually you just see the middle in front , blocking the rest . . The pink is not has red as in the pictures , it is more of a very light pink . Only reason I gave it an extra star is because the chain is fairly sturdy .
 I had purchase this as a gift for my wife on Mother 's day . I recieved it in a timely manner . It came in a little bag and when I pulled it out it was in one big knot . I am still trying to this day to get the knot out , which means my wife still has not be able to wear it . I would not recommend this product from this vender until they can ensure it gets to you undamaged .
 I honestly expected something a little bigger . The flower does look pretty but it is hard to see since it not big , Also , the thickess of the ring is not exactly what I expected
 I found these cufflinks to be poor quality and barely resembling the photo in the listing . The silver tone film had bubbles on the face of the piece , the craftmanship was rough and inprecise . Overall , I was quite dissapointed . The vendor handled the return satisfactorily , promptly and courteously .
 These cuff links are pretty and are good in quality but a bit too big .
 These broke almost immediately after purchasing . If you are someone who is going to wear cufflinks often then invest in something more quality .
 The item is very low quality for anybodies eyes . Dont buy it . Looks very cheap and ugly .
 Bought this as bridesmaids gifts and had to return this item . Item more suited for a child . Pendant ok but chain thin and of poor quality .
 Bought this as bridesmaids gifts and had to return this item . Item more suited for a child . Pendant ok but chain thin and of poor quality .
 The ring was too shiny and unappealing to me , upon opening the box , I knew that it just was n't what I wanted , I gave it away to a family member .
 item was very cute but in only one month time gems started falling out i would have just put my money towards a official ring if i knew this was going to happen !!!!!!!!!!!
 At first glance this ring looks like no other . Ever since then , however , it has been nothing but a horrible mess . The tarnish free has tarnished ! All of the stones lose their shine ! Everything gets caught in the inside of the ring because it is practically hollow . If it even skims something it scratches . All in all nothing but a piece of junk !
 I bought this ring for my boyfriend . It was n't wide enough to look masculine unless your man has small , feminime hands . I will be returning this ring .
 It looks like a ring for a man when you look at the picture online , but in real life its a very feminine looking ring .
 I bought this ring for my boyfriend bevause he liled it and the wonderful reviews . He wore it and in 90 days the stones start falling out . This is considered a DEFECTIVE PRODUCT I CONTACTED THEM THEY SAID ONLY 30 day gurantee would not fix replace or exchange . I buy alot of silver rings for example Avon silver jewelery lasts forever and will exchange or credit you no problem . PLease email me if u have had problems w/this company betsortiz@verizon.net they call themselves a customer service team with that kind of team the customer will lose everytime . I am questioning ring quality on this site i returned a womens ring same reason to a different amazon.co and they were wonderful . What is happening to customer service very hard to find now a days .
 It was advertised very sneaky , right between all the dogeared products . I thought it was Dogeared as well . The wishbone is too big - you ca n't tell from the picture .
 I was very disappointed in the quality of the chain . Pendant is very nice . Will think again prior to buying jewelry online .
 I bought this for myself when it was on sale . It did not meet my expectations - much less ` elegant ' than it looked in the photo .
 Dispite paying EXTRA money for two day shipping , It is almost a week after my order and I STILL have not recieved this necklace . I also have not gotten any sort of response from the emails I have written the seller . HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE ! I 'm starting to think that I paid for something that I am never actually going to have sent to me .
 I think I waited about 3 weeks to get this necklace , and I was excited when I received it . However , on the 2nd day of wearing it , the chain broke , so now I have to purchase a new chain for it . The pendant is too heavy for the chain , so I suggest for amazon to upgrade the chain or stop selling this item with a wimpy chain .
 I did n't even have it on for an hour and the chained popped . All I did was get into the car !
 The wishbone pendant is what I thought it would be , but the clasp on the chain is so tiny I ca n't get it to work . So now I just wish I could wear my wishbone , but I ca n't .
 I was going to purchase this until I watched the video which reveals a `` Made in China '' stamp on the inside of one of the wishbone arms . That is pretty tacky !
 The pendant is lovely . Just the right size and very lightweight . However , after wearing it for less than a day , the chain broke . It was n't even caught on anything , it just snapped on its own . I suppose I should n't have expected much for such a cheap necklace , but I was still disappointed that it did n't even last a full day .
 After recieving this ring , I noticed the ring was very thin and bends easy . Looks too cheap to wear . Very dissatisfied .
 One look was enough ... sent back immediately . Packaging was nice though but quality was definitely sub par especially how light weight they were ... settings were cheap too .
 I liked the ear rings a lot but they were not the size i expected.they were little big but suited me .
 A little dsappointed in the quality of this ring . Does n't look half as nice in person as it does in the catalog .
 This is a real nice bracelet , the problem is where the shiny part meet the matte part . The line seperating the the two is very rough , some parts that should be matte is shiny & some parts that should be shiny is matte . For a bracelet to list for a price of 400.00 should have showed better Quality & Craftsmanship . I should have returned this item , but I dont have the time nor the patience . I notified Netaya by email about the problem , but I got no reply .
 Was n't what I expected . Was not satisfied with this . Too small . I need to look at other sizes .
 the ring that I got does n't look ANYTHING like this picture ... the enamel portion is BEIGE . . the stone in the middle is a flat brownish/pink color . . there is nothing PURPLE on this ring and it looks NOTHING , NOTHING NOTHING like this picture ... very disappointing as I purchased to wear w / a bridesmaid dress and this certainly will not work ... what a drag ...
 First , the color of the stones is lighter than is pictured . I realize it is hard to capture color in a picture , but the ring I received has stones that are light purple to almost a pink color . For the price of the ring I can deal with that though , I mean , what can you expect for $ 29 ? The worst part is that it 's just hard to wear because it 's not comfortable . It would have been better with five stones instead of seven because the two outer stones rub against your other fingers and it gets annoying fast . I 'll be returning this ring and will try something else .
 When I received this ring , I put it aside because I was very ill at the timewhen I did look at it , it was past the time to return it . In the picture it looksround , but when i received it , it is more square than round . it justlooks odd and now I have a ring that is ugly and no one wants it .
 I wore this necklace several times and now realize that I wasted my money . I ca n't even tell the necklace even has any titanium ... there is no magnetic field . If you want true titanium -LRB- no clothe cover -RRB- and that does seem to work ... stay way from the ` cloth ' covered ones since you ca n't verify what is underneath unless to disassemble to necklace . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 I have the wrist phiten and it works great . I expected tension relieve in my neck but got more from wearing this neck one . They might be fakes . Buyer beware and check things out .
 I wore this for approximately 2 months , and hardly noticed any change . Maybe , I need to wear it longer , but I have noticed almost no improvement with my back pain .
 I have used one of these for a month , and I have observed myself , my general wellbeing , and my backpain with and without the necklace , while sleeping , while doing sport , while at the office ... and I have not noticed any difference at all . For this , and because , in my research , I have not been able to find a even a single scientifically justified reason for these to work , I am giving it one star . I only hope that others read this review and think twice before spending their money .
 I have also seen many people wear these . I workout a lot . I decided to order two braclets and measured my wrist at 71/8 and order 71/2 . I could not close the clasp . I sent them back only to have them returned !!! They told me it was custom - I order one black and one orange - how is that custom . I talked to two CS reps with the same answer - non-refundable !! They could have saved one customer by giving the correct size and sending back , instead they go to the expense of writing a letter and postage to send back the braclets.I have many people ask me about these in the gym - I can now tell them - DO NOT BUY , THE CS SUCKS . I guess I will find some kid in Middle School with skinny wrist and give it to them . I 'm blown away .
 I personally used the tape and the e-water lotion together and the combination effectively subdue my neck-shoulder ache which I have for many years . I applied the lotion daily after bath at night and replace the tape every 2-3 days . I am convinced with the technology that I decided to try their jewellery products since having the tape seen on body is not a pretty sight to public eye . Before I make any haste/impulse purchase , I googled for the product reviews and realised it is a mixed reviews - ~ 50:50 positive and negative . As I am convinced with what I have experienced with the tape and lotion effect , so I decided to trust my gut feeling to get the bracelet . I take it as the 50 % negative reviews could be because the users do not have any pain/aches to begin with so they do not experience any `` miracle '' . For example , if you have a flawless skin to begin with , you will not expect any miracle effect even if you apply La-mer/SKII/Lancome / Estee Lauder expensive skincare product daily . That 's the logic . I seriously ALMOST buy this product until I turned over the package and saw this
 the neckless is ok but the company i bought it from are very rude would never buy an ite fro the again.EVER
 The necklace was way to big and it was not the hot pink that was shown in the picture it had a more faded look .
 We have several Phitens - all of which are in the blue or black family . My daughter wanted an orange one , since her team colors are orange and white . In the photo , this looks like it is truly orange - and bright ! The reality is that it 's not . It 's a very dingy color , nearly brownish , and it almost looks as though it 's gone through mud and then someone attempted to wash it . Suffice it to say , I bought it for her for xmas , and she has n't worn it yet . I 'm thinking it will stay on her bureau . It 's too bad .
 The necklace is unattractive and doesnt lay right on your neck . It 's made of rope and magnets and the rope is too thick and twisted . I returned it asap.Phiten Star Necklace , Black , 22 ''
 this is a piece of crap i ordered my about 2 weeks ago and the only good thing about it was that it came about 2 days early which was good but the necklace broke the second day i got it .
 Yeah , so I was suckered into buying this product after seeing Josh `` LIAR '' Beckett wearing this during one of his pitching outings . Lem me just say THIS IS A PIECE OF CRAP !!! No way does this thing relieve anything . I think its all in your head because when I first bought it I too believed it was working . But now MY BACK HURTS !!!! LIARS !!!! ARGH !!! PS Josh Beckett is currently injured ... On the other hand , it does look nifty so if youre just buying it for the look then go for it . If not , go to an asian massage parlor or something .
 Come on , people ! If these products really worked , everyone would wear them ! The manufacturers want you to think they work , so they can sell them and make $ $ $ . I have tried the phiten , and the balance bracelet , and magnetic therapy . I have noticed no change in my myriad aches , pains , and stiffnesses . I have worn a phiten necklace for over a month , just to give it a chance . If anything , I feel worse with it on , so I am giving up . Save your money !
 This bracelet does n't contain any `` ions '' , `` technology '' nor `` energy '' which would noticeably affect the human body at all.Magic bracelets with different metals and magnets in them have been LONG PROVEN USELESS . Do you know who first debunked these things ? * BENJAMIN * * FRANKLIN * did , two hundred years ago!He found out that it did n't matter whether he put metals or magnets or pieces of painted wood in them , people could n't tell the difference . He told people they would increase strength , eliminate pain and cure all sorts of diseases with mysterious `` energies '' . Of course it was nonsense but most people who bought them nevertheless claimed that they `` worked '' . It 's just a bracelet . No ions . No technology . No energy . No magic.Buy this bracelet only if you want to show the world that you do n't have a clue .
 My necklace broke within a few weeks of purchase . -LRB- The bracelet I bought with it was too small . I wore it anyways , and it fell off within days and I lost it . -RRB-
 After 2 days it broke . I contacted phiten and they told me since I did n't buy it from them I 'm screwed . I was able to fix and improve it I like it . Just poor craftmanship
 I do n't know who the hell thinks this works , but it does n't . Nice necklace though . I have n't stopped wearing it just because I do n't have any other necklace to wear .
 Very , very , very dissatisfied with this order ... NOT the correct size . NOT the item pictured . Not the item titled . Says 18 '' , but it came as 22 '' . I have a small neck ... However , it shipped/arrived extremely quickly . ONLY good thing about ordering this item . I could have gotten pretty much the SAME EXACT item for $ 4.99 from another seller on Amazon . Stole $ 10 from me .
 Well , I got what I ordered . Does it work for me ? No . Besides wearing it as a fashion item this necklace serves no other purpose . If you are having pains in your body try stretching or heading to the gym . I promise that will work better than some gimmick .
 I ca n't believe there are so many gullible people out there . These necklaces do n't actually do anything . Look up phiten and pseudoscience.Like David Hannum said , `` There 's a sucker born every minute . ''
 Bought the 22 inch Navy Blue one . Should have bought a longer one as it can still be seen when I wear formal shirts at work.More importantly , I dont see any benefits with wearing this.I will give it a couple of more weeks and if I still see no benefits , I will write it off as one of my many frivolous purchases .
 I bought this as a gift for my mother . We liked it at first until she wore it for a while . It turned her finger green . Very disappointing .
 Most of the stones turned black after a month or so ... if you want it to simulate diamonds as I did -- this is not it . I bought it as a make-shift wedding ring while pregnant and unable to wear mine , this only worked for a short time .
 The stones turned black after a short period of time . The silver finish remained shiny but was very disappointed in the stones .
 I ordered an eternity band for my wedding ring because I thought it was a great deal . However I recieved a totally different ring . I had been given an engagement ring with the double banded wedding ring and the size was not accurate . I am very disappointed . Now , I have to go find a ring before my wedding and there 's no time left !
 The bracelet is very very small . I do not feel it is worth almost $ 600 .
 I should have known that 72 diamonds spread out across a 1 carat total-weight piece would mean that each diamond was 1/72 of a carat , but it did n't occur to me when I ordered this for my lady . Anyway , it showed up today and it 's absurdly tiny . The metal-to-stone ratio is about 200 to 1 , no exaggeration . The craftsmanship on the links is decent , it definitely meets the description as posted , but , again , there 's nothing to the ` diamond ' aspect of this besides a little more shine than a normal link bracelet.If you think you 're going to be a baller buying this for your girl , take her out for dinner this year and save your money to get her something nicer later . The pictures of the bracelet are accurate , but the camera they use is super-human in terms of zoom & focus . I ca n't hold the bracelet close enough to my face to make it look that big . The surface of each link that holds the diamond is no taller than 3mm , and the diamond is pronged __ inside __ each link . To give a relative impression of how small this is , I could stack 7 or 8 links wide across my thumbnail , and , again , the diamonds are inside the links -LRB- hence much smaller -RRB- . I hope Mommy likes it . Otherwise , I think I 'll get her a non-jewelry gift . I might get this appraised for fun , just to see if it even approaches what I paid .
 I was really disappointed with my pair of Eide Black Tahitian cultured pearl earrings . Instead of the beautiful pair of greenish black pear shaped unblemished pearls shown above , I got a pair of greenish/pinkish totally irregular black `` apple '' shaped blemished pearls.I felt misled by the description and image of the product.For comparison , I will be sharing an image of the pair I got.I do not recommend this product .
 I hate to say it but this was a disappointment . Everything seems nicer in photographs when it comes to jewelry on a budget .
 This item was definitely NOT what I thought it would be . It was not made with Swarowski crystals , it was made with plastic beads . The Sterling Silver took exactly 1 day to completely tarnish to a very rusty color . I bought it for a gift and obviously could not give it to anyone that I cared even remotely about . Very cheap looking and tacky . Will never purchase anything like this again from this company .
 This is a bunch of plastic beads stuck to a metal bracelet . You can find much nicer stuff at a craft fair . : - P
 This is a cheaply made item that does n't work well . The box does n't close properly as the wood is unevenly cut and placed together . Also , the figures , etc. . . inside are pretty poorly done . For the cheap price , you ca n't go wrong but I 'd rather spend more and get something better quality .
 I liked this the least of the series . Generally , I think these little music boxes and most charming and whimsical .
 This product was so cheap looking ! It was n't worth a dime . I am very disappointed !
 It works like a music box -- when you open it , the music sounds . But it only runs for several minutes and there seems to be a battery failure , but I can not find the openging for battery replacement , so my daughter just use it as a `` jewelry box '' .
 My children have had these jewelry boxes for about 2 years . The ballerina broke within the first year . I am shopping for new ones right now , and thought I would let others know in case you are considering these . They might be OK for older children - but my kids were about 4 and 2 when they received these .
 Admittedly , a $ -LSB- ... -RSB- jewelry box is not going to be heirloom quality and its appearance is certainly pretty enough for the 4-yr-old daughter I bought it for . To my adult eye , the box has the appearance of hardened cardboard and the ballerina is painted plastic of the cheesiest kind . The real flaw is that the mechanism that stops and starts the music is of the crudest kind
 This product was subpar . I ordered it as a going-away gift for a colleague we dubbed - the Dancing Queen . When it came , it looked used , although it did not state such on the order . When wound , the ballerina twirled for about 30 seconds and then stopped , never to dance again - no matter what we tried . I would not recommend this product to anyone - especially if it is for a child .
 I bought this box as a gift for my daughter , but it was awful . Made in China , it just looks cheap and like it could fall apart at any minute . The music it plays is pretty and everything worked OK , but I guess this was not what I expected it to be . Very disappointing . I would highly recommend investing a bit more and buying something that will hold up to a young girl 's curiosity .
 This jewelry box was broken when it arrived . The ballerina was split in half and the tutu was broken off . I planned to return it but did not get to it in time . It also arrived after Christmas though it was supposed to arrive before then . It 's really too bad because the box is cute . I just ca n't recommend it .
 I did n't think about it when I purchased it - I liked all that I saw . But I do n't like the image on the top of the box - it is n't flowers like the side - it 's a ballerina . The inside is pretty , but the box looks a lot cheaper in reality . Poor quality construction . Not really bad for the price compared to other boxes online , but not what I would consider a great find . I 'll be watching for a different box while I shop in person after this experience .
 Could have been the cutest gift , but was not.The mirror is not shaped as a heart . First problem.The music is fantastic and in the end we bought it for that specific tune . First good point.After less than 2 weeks of DD -LRB- age 6 -RRB- opening it , the poor ballerina sprung into action -LRB- literally -RRB- and this caused the poor ballerina to fall apart
 I bought this for an 8 year old - while she was delighted - I was dismayed . Ballerna is on a spring to pop up when lid is open . I doubt it will last long because of the spring
 I 'm 20 years old , and I bought this ring as a promise ring for my girlfriend . At first it was beautiful , and there were no problems , but she has had it for a little over a month and it has given her such a bad rash that she has started bleeding . This is not real sterling silver and looks poorly made . I would definitely never suggest anyone buy this ring .
 The picture reflects a warm , coffee bean brown color for the jasper . I understand that natural stones vary a great deal in color , but the jasper -LRB- the largest stone -RRB- in my earrings was the color of oatmeal , with a few dark brown flecks . I can wear them with beige clothing , but they are not what I expected , based on the picture .
 This necklace is very pretty , but the chain broke the first time I wore it . I do n't know if the construction was cheap or if I just had a defective necklace .
 The music box was nice and it works , but the nativity looks cheap . I gave these as gifts and I was embarrassed because it looked like I bought it from the Dollar Store for $ 5 .
 First of all , the one I received was defective . The animated scene sticks once every revolution and stops playing . It is possible to nudge it with a finger and get it going again . By nudging it along , I discovered the box 's other flaw . &#34; Silent Night &#34; is horribly abbreviated and does n't sound remotely right . If you were singing , it would be , &#34; Silent night , holy night . Sleep in heavenly peace . &#34; For $ 20 , I did n't expect a symphony . But it is n't even worth $ 20 . Naturally , Amazon has an excellent return policy , so I am satisfied in getting my money back .
 I love ankle bracelets , and I 've won one for years . this ankle bracelet has broken twice -- each time I 've worn it . I do n't think I 'm that tough on jewelry . I just think this ankle bracelet is n't substantial enough to survive being worn as an ankle bracelet .
 The ring looks nice - the spinning action is kinda fun - but the stone fell out within the 1st week - and looked like other stones were shortly to fall out as well ... i was surprised because i have never had a problem with Silver Insanity 's quality of goods before - but they responded quickly to my claim and offered either refund or exchange . Although , I AM upset that I have to pay to ship it back . This is a defective item and they should 've offered to pay the shipping .
 I wore this anklet twice and then it was gone . I believe it broke at one of the hearts , the anklet is a white gold heart and then gold chain , then heart etc and I think the anklet has a weak point where the white heart is attached to the chain . So it was gone and I was very disappointed . Although it was a beautiful anklet and I was happy in the beginning , I do n't think the way it is put together is very strong . I 'm sad .
 The chain was tied in a knot that both my husband and I tried to untie , without success , for one hour . Why we even tried , I have no idea , because the anklet is also very poorly fabricated and molded -- it basically looks like a child 's bracelet that was purchased at a five-and-dime . We sent it back , knot and all .
 I have ordered many items with Amazon over the years and this is by far the WORST experience I have had . I was told that the item was being prepared for shipments and would ship June 30th thru July 2nd . It is now July 6th and I have not received an update . I also contacted Amazon customer service and have not received an update from them either . I do alot of online ordering and will try to order via Amazon whenever possible , I 'm going to rethink that now as I recommend you do also .
 Ankle bracelett broke after one week of wear due to a weak link . Was not the quality I was expecting
 Very nice peridot necklace . I bought the 3-piece set for a birthday gift , and I was proud to give it as a gift .
 The moment I opened the box and saw this thing I made the decision to return it . It looks liked tarnished , cheap metal ; very dull , lackluster . The box it came in is more impressive than this scrap of metal . Steer clear of this one !
 Arrived with several kinks in chain . It was a gift so we were not happy.Delivery time seemed long compared to other purchases .
 The chain was too short to slide through my large head . I opened up one of the chain links to disconnect the chain and reconnect the chain before I could wear it . Few inch or two extra chain length would have earned higher star reviews .
 I was really excited to get my ring and it was beautiful . But it has lost it 's shine , turned gray and I do n't know how to get it back to original shine .
 I 'm still waiting to receive the item which was ordered over a month ago .
 Dear Sir , I am no expert in jewelry so I only know what I 've seen , but this `` 14k gold necklace `` is the worst pice of junk that I have had the unfortunate exprience to have had to bye . Did I actually said I bought it ? Well then shame on me ! Anyone even thinking of byeing this you 've been warned ! -LCB- so do n't be anothere shame on you . -RCB- Just Do n't do the same thing as I did resist yourself from buying it . Sorry guys make sure you put out a product worth selling for $ 65.00 or do n't sell it at all!Sicerly ,
 I needed to return this item after I bought it . It is not a finely polished piece of jewelry -LRB- you can feel that it is rough when you run your hand over it -RRB- . It kept snagging the hair of the person I had given it to . It could be a potential problem for anyone with long hair .
 After my first wear , the top ball split . I do n't believe I over tightened it , especially since I was aware of the tenancy for the acrylic balls to split over a metal thread . I still gave it two stars because I have purchased other rings from this company with the same materials and had no problems .
 I put a diamond pendant on this chain which I wear all of the time . This necklace developed a kink within weeks , and broke in another month .
 The chain came broken but besides that , it does n't look good and it is inflexible so it 's hard to wear any charm on it . Thanks to Amazon they had no problem refunding my money , very happy with Amazon service .
 This was one of my `` Gold Box '' items . After reading the specs , I ordered and received it . Until yesterday , I 'd only worn it twice , but since it was the length I ordered and appeared fine , I threw away my paperwork . I wore it for the third time yesterday , and a friend commented on the blue & green ring on my neck . When I got home , I searched for the `` 14K '' stamp , and could n't find one . Caveat emptor . Check your merchandise catrefully . I 'll stick to QVC for my jewlry purchases in thefuture , and wo n't be buying any jewelry from Amazon .
 I was very disappointed in the quality of this chain ... basically it does n't look at all like real gold , it looks totally fake ! I returned it since I expected something better , only to then find out that the gift certificate I used on the order was not valid any more and could not be used for another purchase . And had to pay for the shipping back too ! So definitely wo n't be buying jewelry again .
 I agree with the first review . Looks like kid 's jewelry . Do n't waste your money .
 I had an extremely difficult time trying to close the clasp . Just too small , practically impossible . I refuse to spend 5 or more minutes trying to put this necklace on .
 This necklace was not Italian as indicated . It did not come in a wooden gift box . It was lighter in weight than listed . It did not have a smooth and polished surface . It was generally poor quality . I returned it immediately but have yet to receive my refund two weeks later .
 Bracelet looked great at first , and for the most part still does EXCEPT the clasp . The clasp has been changing color since about a month after I purchased it . Only worth buying if the price is low enough that you can pay a jeweler to change the clasp . Having the clasp change color makes the whole bracelet look fake .
 PAIR OF CUFF LINKS I BOUGHT LOOKS VERY NICE ON PICTURE I LIKED THEM VERY MUCH BUT WHEN I RECEIVED THEM , THEY HAD VERY VISIBLE SCRATCHES ON ENAMEL AND THE STERLING SILVER FINISH AROUND ENAMEL WAS NOT TOO GREAT ALSO TAKES TOO LONG TO GET MY REFUND . TOO BAD BECAUSE I REALLY LIKED THEM . AFRAID TO BUY FROM THEM NOW .
 These earrings are way bigger than you would think they are . I do n't see how they expect ANYONE to wear these !
 i still have n't recieved the product.i found out although i ordered it on 2/12 -- they DID NOT mail it until 2/26 !!!!!!!! i am very VERY UNHAPPY with GEMWORKS COMPANY !!!!!!! i resolve never to do business w / them again !!!! too bad they are connected w / AMAZON.com because i have been pleased w / amazon so far . i hope you let gemworks know about this as i was unable to get thru to them despite 4 e-mails !!!!!!!!!! thankyou-jan
 These earrings are so small not what I expected . I also do n't like the way they latch . Not happy .
 The image really looks much better than the actual product . Stones are quite brownish , not red as one would expect of garnet . I would n't recommend anyone purchase this .
 i still have n't recieved the product.i found out although i ordered it on 2/12 -- they DID NOT mail it until 2/26 !!!!!!!! i am very VERY UNHAPPY with GEMWORKS COMPANY !!!!!!! i resolve never to do business w / them again !!!! too bad they are connected w / AMAZON.com because i have been pleased w / amazon so far . i hope you let gemworks know about this as i was unable to get thru to them despite 4 e-mails !!!!!!!!!! thankyou-jan
 i got this , and was like wow , this is tiny . . the image on the larger view was life size ... huh , would you look at that ... i spent 60 bucks on something tiny ...
 I bought a forzieri bracelet for my boyfriend this past christmas -LRB- 2004 -RRB- it is a version of the bracelet on this page.It was approximately $ 300 and one of the links broke almost IMMEDIATELY , we sent it to forzieri to get fixed -LRB- you have to ship it to Italy -RRB- , and quite a few weeks later we got it back , problem fixed you would think no ? NO ! It broke again , same place , same problem a few months later . We sent it in early June once more to be fixed and have STILL NOT RECIEVED IT BACK . Upon them recieving it they sent me an e-mail promising it back in about a month !! I am writing this review on September 7th 2005 and the last contact I 've had with them was 8/8 and I 've sent a handful of e-mails since then with virtually no response , and when they do respond it 's just to tell me it 'll be a ` little while ' longer.If you do decide to purchase from this company my advice is to be prepared to have it break , and pay for repairs locally if you want to keep it , because their repairs do n't last and they take months .
 The charm is a huge disappointment . It looks like it is from a gumball machine . And even worse , the clasp does NOT even connect so that you can put a chain on it . It is really chinsy !! I hope the refund is as simple as the purchase !
 The earrings looked great online , but when I received them they were not what I expected .
 Ring looks like crap . I 'm sure if items smelled this would smell like crap as well . Horribly put together . Can see weldings . Looks like the black middle is cheap paint poorly applied . Just all around bad bad ring .
 if you look at this . . it is 3D and appears to be faceted . . be not decieved it is FLAT!This dissapointment would have been enough for me to score this low but the minus numbers arise because of the return policy ... you have to jump through hoopes - slalum ; climb everest ; and oh ... . in case you were thinking of sending the item back in a far superior package i.e. bubble envelope - because you threw out the rinky dinkey rubbish cardbord box that it came in ... the joke is on you ! So dumpster diving time !!!! What a shame ! Never AGAIN !!!!
 I ordered a Chefmaster 8 pc BBQ set in case from Amazon.com vendor -LRB- Dashlynn.com -RRB- . I knew what I wanted to give my father for Christmas and after searching the internet I found many different vendors offering the BBQ set I wanted . Once I found it on Amazon.com , I decided to order it because I have had such great service from your company . Everything is as promised and on time and with this being a Christmas gift ... I needed it on time . So , I place my order on Dec. 11th and the item was listed as `` in stock '' and my estimate delivery was Dec 18-24 . I knew this would be close , but with the product in stock , would be no problem . After a week of not hearing anything about my order shipping , I tried to call Dashlynn three times only to be told they would research it and call me back later -- and never calling back ! I also sent two email notes to customer service . Finally , after three days of trying I got an email reply for Dashlynn.com stating that the item was out of stock and therefore I would not be getting it ! Now I am really in a bind . I have no time to order the item from another vender this close to Christmas . This has been a HUGE dissapointment ! I would have appreciated Dashlynn to notify me immediately after I placed my order of the order status and not a week and a half later , at my request ! Also , I wish Amazon.com would not have this type of company listed under your umbrella . I trusted them because I trust you and they obviously do not live up to your customer service standards . I would like this passed on to them as well . I am not stuck with a few days to try and find something else for a gift . GET RID OF DASHLYNN !!!
 Nice looking Christmas decoration , but it failed to work by the time we put it away . We probably only played it less than 5 times .
 I bought the ring because I had seen pictures in magazines that the bar will flip over and follow the curve of your belly as you grow . I started wearing it at month 6 . It never flipped and I ended up taking it out in month 8 . However , it was a little bit helpful in that the gauge was smaller so I could stretch a little more and did n't end up losing the hole . Now I 'm back to my regular rings and they 're fine . For 7 bucks , you might as well but it 's nothing glamorous .
 I bought this after I got pregnant thinking my belly would grow making my belly rings too small . Not the case . I never had to take out my original belly ring . The pregnant belly ring is completely unneccessary .
 The good : It arrived on timeIt 's functionalThe bad : The ends were very tricky to screw on . I ended up having to use scissors to ship away at the bar in order to get the ends on . High maintenance!Also , the ends are really bulky and a very lumpy under clothing . No reason to have them that large.But - this is a hard item to find , so I at least appreciate that I have what I needed.Hope this helps .
 The stone is beautiful , but do n't let the picture here deceive you . The ring setting is the thinnest and cheapest I 've ever seen -LRB- the picture makes you think it 's a solid setting -- it 's NOT -RRB- . I 've gotten rings on Ebay for $ 10 that have a far sturdier setting.I love the stone , but I 'm afraid that if I wear the ring , the setting wo n't last . It looks as though the setting cost $ 1 at the most . Too bad the setting is n't more solid -- the stone / ring would be very nice with a better setting .
 The stone fell out of the setting the first time I wore it . Luckily I found the stone right away . I placed the ring and the stone in a small pocket in my purse as I had nothing else to store it in at the time.The `` gold '' setting was so flimsy that it bent out of shape while it was in my purse for a few hours .
 The quality and look were not what I had anticipated . Very flimsy.I would not recommend this item
 This ring was not as expected . The color of the Amethyst is light green , almost translucent and it does not have the two-tone color effect as shown in the picture . I have had this ring for about 6 months , only wearing it 3 times and the stone has fallen out . Beautiful picture but ring is not up to par .
 I was very disappointed when I received these earrings . I purchased them as a gift , but I 'm not sure if I 'll still give them away . They 're called `` Pink Shell '' earrings , but the shell looks pretty white to me ... more like mother-of-pearl without a hint of pink . If you 're looking for pink , these wo n't be the earrings for you .
 This is a real bad purchase . I bought this item to go with my new pink dress . The earrings look pink in the picture , but are actually absolutely white . I will return them back and look for a better deal elsewhere .
 I also ordered these earrings , expecting them to be pink like the pair in the picture . Although they are well made , they are white ; no hint of pink can be found . These earrings are nice if the color does n't matter to you , but do n't expect them to look like the pair shown .
 I found these earrings to be bigger , heavier , and of lower quality materials than I expected . The stones are nice , but the setting seems cheap/fake looking . I have n't worn them much at all sadly .
 I bought these earrings for my daughter . They are very pretty and she loved them ... untill she wore them once and they broke . The part that goes in your ear bent and broke making them useless . It was n't worth the hassel of returning them so it was like throwing $ 20 away ! Eventhough they look pretty , the quality is poor . Do n't buy .
 I 'm not ordering anything that has missing parts !
 I purchased this item thinking that it would be similar to the picture on the site . I was a little disappointed in that the bracelet links are larger then they actually appear in the photo . The bracelet is still very nice looking but , again , larger than I had assumed it would be.The clasp is very hard to fasten and unfasten . Once the bracelet is fastened it stays fastened , literally . My problem is that when I put it on I have a HARD time getting it off . I 'm sure that with some wearing the clasp will get easier . I just hope , after reading another review , that it will not get so easy that I end up losing it .
 You have got to be one of the most difficult websites to navigate , and the most difficult to find how to contact a person with which to discuss a problem ordering !
 the earrings were cheaply made and were not the same size . One was smaller than the other ... the earrings were returned ...
 Do not be impressed by the photo of the pendant . In reality , it looks cheap . Worth 10 dollars , not a penny more . : -LRB-
 Look ! I know this ring is NOT available at this time , but as long as you have it listed you should tell the truth about it . I bought this ring from Amazon in 2007 , and there is NO WHITE GOLD anywhere on it . That 's just a photo-illusion . Plus , there are ONLY 30 DIAMONDS on it , not 34 as listed . You can count them yourself from the picture . Either CORRECT the description , or remove this item entirely from the listings . Thanks !
 These ear rings were going to be for my prom , i wanted them so bad as they were perfect for my dress , i could not afford it as i spent so much on other things , well my rush delivery it came out to be 23 dollars , my little sister with her babysitting money offered these as my graduation present ! imagine her dissapoint when all her late hours taking care of screaming babies were for a rip off !! the earrings are about as tiny as my pinky nail ! so sad they wouldve been the perfect gift : / i tried contacting this seller and NO ANSWER !! when ups delivered it , the seal was already broken and the driver didnt even bother to knock our door he threw it on our door step and ran , no time to get to him . . this was my first online purchase i have learned my lesson . .
 Looks better online . I bought 3 . And the despcription seemed like it was nice and really good quality . But it was n't at all . It was cheap and the material thin .
 Received this item promptly . I would not order it again if I were to have the opportunity to do it over . It is not what I thought it was . The sale went fine just not satisfied with the item itself .
 I love this bracelet , it is very pretty , but the clasp is not great , Easy to trip it up and it becomes unhinged and it left and i ca n't find it even after a month .
 The only reason you should buy this is if you want to wear it for one day . I was wearing this for signifigantly less than a week when I realized the inside of the `` rose '' was gone . I did n't care that much because it was cheap , but still , it 's not worth ordering unless you realize it 'll be good for one wearing and do n't mind .
 I purchased this bracelet for a gift . It appeared to be a beautiful bracelet but it fell apart ! The pieces of jade separated from the gold/silver part of the bracelet . When the gift was opened , the bracelet fell apart . The recipient glued it with a jeweler 's glue but 10 days later another piece came apart . Horrible , horrible quality . I was very embarrassed . Purchasers BEWARE !
 The silver bracelet offered a very pretty setting , but I was so disappointed in the quality of the scarabs . Typically , scarabs have a nice sheen , but these were dull and lackluster . Silver Speck refunded my money .
 Do not buy this . Cheap rubber color , which make the bags to stick together and and if you try to peel the bags the color will come out . Very bad packaging . They should have given individual paper in between each bag .
 the ring has a very nice cut if you exzamine it but it still presents itself as a cheap toy .
 I was not satisfied with this purchase . It did not look the same as it did online . It did n't fitas the other ring I purchased . It sits in the box because I 've waited too long to return it .
 The ring is beautiful , but the stone was loose in the package when it arrived.I 'm going to return it tomorrow .
 I was so excited about the ring coming even though I had read reviews that it was light in color that would have been ok . but when I opened mine It was only blue around the edges , It is completely clear in the middle with no color . It is the funniest thing I have ever seen I ` m embarassed to wear it . -LRB- Sterling Silver Blie Topaz Ring -RRB-
 Not happy with this ring . Looks nothing like the picture . The stone looks fake and the band is thin , very lightweight , just flimsy!Would send back but my husband opened it and threw all packing away .
 Granted I only spent $ 22 on this ring and so maybe I should not have had high expectations , but I did expect it to last more than one week of normal usage . The prongs of the setting kept catching on clothing , and they bent almost immediately , the stone became loose and then while I was trying to bend a prong back to secure the stone , the prong broke completely off . The prongs on my ring were not nearly so smooth looking as the photos show . It was a very pretty ring , but unfortunately , not made to last .
 Though this beautiful braclet does look amazing it was made horribly!I wore this one day and by the next day it broke right in half ! if you want to get a braclet like this go to Kohls because I gotA new braclet just like it from there and it 's ten MILLOIN times better than this one !
 BE CAREFUL !!!!! This medal is hollow and SOUNDS hollow when it moves around on a necklace . I had no idea it was going to be hollow and almose puffy looking . Because it 's a good looking medal , I still gave it as the gift I intended it to be , but I was a little embarrased . I will probably replace with another , medal that does n't `` sound '' so cheap when worn ...
 When I recieved this item it had split apart and was broken . I was so mad I just threw it away !!!
 I received this as a gift . The stones are a lovely smoky quartz color , not a faded out version . The necklace looks very pretty . The problem , however , is that the loop that the necklace threads through on the pendant is like an oversized 'D ' ... with the flat part against the pendant , and the rounded part against your skin . It 's so oversized that it means the pendant can not lay flat , but instead will only stay on it 's side . This renders the pendant useless , since no one buys their jewelry for the profile ! I will have to send this back , unfortunately . A shame , since I got the matching earrings , and they are adorable !
 I only wore a couple of times , and it broke yesterday , I do n't know how can I get it fixed . There is no warranty card or vendor information to contact
 This ended up larger than I was hoping for and still have n't even bothered to wear them . Plus the look of them are not too appealing , imagine if they were stamped straight from a flat sheet of metal . The picture makes it look like they have some roundness or curve to them , but mine certainly did not .
 I 'm searching for a very small pair of ankh earrings . These TINY ones are 15mm which is about 9/16 inch . Thats OVER 1/2 INCH ! Diameter is usually used as the distance across a circle WHAT ARE THESE ?
 If you read the add you -LRB- at least I was -RRB- are led to believe that you were getting more than one bracelet . They charged me $ 9 for shipping a small two ounce yellow padded envelope with only one inside which was double the price of the bracelet -LRB- s -RRB- ! I tried contacting the company several times and could only leave messages of which no one returned my calls . I went back later and resurched the add and they had changed the price . Oblivious to me they had made a mistake advertising their product and were not going to honor their add . Shame on them !
 The item exterior covering is low quality . It was made in Taiwan back when Taiwan still was `` Made in China '' so this item , while new , feels like it has been sitting in a warehouse for a generation . You can search around Amazon and find a superior product for about $ 17 .
 The stones on this bracelet are extremely pale , more pink than purple . I ended up returning the bracelet because I have amethyst jewelry and it was extremely poor quality .
 I received the package quickly and was initially satisfied with the product - until I tried wearing said chain ... the tiny clasp is extremely awkward to use - VERY difficult to put together ... and to top it off it just broke . DO NOT purchase this it is cheap !
 This 14K Yellow Gold 7 Inch x 3.0 mm Figaro chain bracelet felt like tin and had an unattractive bright yellow shine . It had the type of shine were I felt if the bracelet were larger I could clearly see my face in it . The edges of the bracelet were rough on the skin . So it went back in the box and was returned . I was a very disappointed customer .
 The knots are uneven - and the string is very stiff . The bracelet does not hang evenly and does not look good at all . Perhaps I expected too much for a n inexpensive necklace , but I would have been better off buying fake pearls for the same price and would have gotten a bracelet that looks 10 times better .
 I bought this bracelet for $ 50 , and now it 's a lot less , hmmm ... I like the pearls , but the bracelet is very short and stiff , maybe too tightly knotted , so that I can not put it on myself . The fact that the clasp is kind of awkward does n't help . I can not recommend this item and I would not buy it again .
 We purchased this item for our daughter , mainly because of a glowing review about the presentation box and the exceptional quality of the pearls . When the necklace arrived , we felt it looked like something from a `` dime store '' and was in a plain box , not a hinged box as the ad seems to convey . We 're returning the item for a refund .
 This necklace is truly a $ 35 value . The description is correct , but be aware that there are a lot of 3.0 mm pearls in the strand . I was disappointed to receive the pearls that small . It could never be sold at the list price of $ 160 . I returned it .
 The pearls themselves seem to be of decent quality but the strand seems too short , its like a choker and the pearls do not lay straight . Worth the $ 35 but not a huge bargain for a higher quality piece .
 I do n't know how anyone could give this necklace a good review . . `` Dime store '' is not even the word for how cheap looking these are.Can ' t even get them to hang straight because the string is too tight.The `` delicate clasp '' is more like the stuff you get out a gumball machine .
 This necklace seems to have two personalities . Reviewers on one hand showered praise on it , and on the other disparaged it . Well , I gave it a try , and , sorry to say , I did not like it . Perhaps the quality of the newer ones are not up to par , because it seems the older reviews are better . In my case , I agree with one of the recent reviewer that the necklace is too tight that is why it does not straighten up . Also , a majority of the pearls are too small closer to the 3.0 size than the 7.5 mm size . However , the pearls themselves seem to have a nicer quality . I returned mine .
 Smaller than I thoughtbunched together , bought for the wife but they were so cheezy decided to give them to my daughter instead and then went and bought the wife a set of pearls that actually looked nice ,
 Such a waste of money . Small pearls and unattractive . Over exaggerated description . You can tell from the appearance that this thing does not worth more than $ 40 buck
 Extremely poor quality . I can not recommend .
 When I recieved the item , the only problem with it was a slightly bent clasp . Because of the bargain , I overlooked this relatively small matter . I thouroughly enjoyed my pearl bracelet for just over three months , wearing it almost daily . Then the strand broke near the clasp . Thankfully , I only lost one pearl , however I am very disappointed that it broke at all . Unfortunately , there is not a return , exchange , or repair policy for this item , that is viewable through this site .
 Picture looks nice but real thing is very far away from that . I highly do not recommend anyone buying this product .
 The necklace arrived with a knot in the chain which is very tight . I can not open the knot without damaging the chain . I am very disappointed . This was my first order on Amazon .
 Ring is way too small and looks like a toy when putting it on . I would not recommend if you want a nice 1/2 carat ring .
 I bought these as an inexpensive gift for my girlfriend . You get what you pay for ; the other day , the pearl came off of the backing as she was taking it off . Naturally this happened AFTER it was too late to return the item . So if you want to wear these once , that works , but they are n't suitable for long-term use .
 I received these earings and the matching necklace for Christmas , and a month later , the pearl fell off one of the posts . My boyfriend is going to try to contact the company to get his money back , but I 'm still upset that they broke!Other than that , they were small , but pretty , and if they were better attached to the posts , they 'd be great !
 The pearls came off the post after two months of use . I would like my money back . I also purchased at the same time , a pair of gold earrings , those also came off their post four weeks after purchase ! I would like my money back for those as well .
 I bought these as my wifes push gift about 10 month ago , and the pearl came off today . no warranty , since Amazon only offers a 30 day warranty.they were nice , but buyer beware . It seems like they do n't last .
 Ring is way too small and looks like a toy when putting it on . I would not recommend if you want a nice 1/2 carat ring .
 The quality of the pearls looked fine . However , the stringing was not good and the pearls would not lay flat .
 As the product discripted , they are supposed to be in assorted colors . Unfortunetlly , the ones I have received are in only one color , which is red !!!
 could barely hold a ring.need in a bigger size to accomodate braceltst that we are sellinglsdkfo lfklfk dflvfkfg lfklfkl fklfk
 The pearls themselves seem to be OK but the stringing was pitiful . Thankfully , Amazon has a good return policy . The service is outstanding .
 I bought this item for my wife , I just recieved it now and with great anticipation opened the box only to be shocked by its tiny size . the picture posted by amazon is really really REALLY enlarged . this thing is no bigger then a pair of rice grain stuck together . dissapointed .
 Ordered this $ 60.00 chain . From the picture , it looked to be a nice substantial chain to be given to my one year old grandchild . When I received the chain , I was extremely disappointed . The chain is ridiculously flimsy and light weight . One yank and it will break . I had planned to purchase two additional chains but have changed my mind for the price to value is just not there .
 Look ! I know this ring is NOT available at this time , but as long as you have it listed you should tell the truth about it . I bought this ring from Amazon in 2007 , and there is NO WHITE GOLD anywhere on it . That 's just a photo-illusion . Plus , there are ONLY 30 DIAMONDS on it , not 34 as listed . You can count them yourself from the picture . Either CORRECT the description , or remove this item entirely from the listings . Thanks !
 The product was beautiful ! But the post came unscrewed during the first night I slept in them and I now only have one earring ... $ 40 down the drain .
 Although these are sterling silver , they are very light weight , so they do not hang well , making them look cheap . The strands are linked by very small chains so they do n't move/dangle and even get stuck sideways instead of straight down , again making them look cheap . Needless to say , I returned them . I guess you have to buy the real thing ... sigh .
 The dangles are poorly made and are very stiff . while trying to adjust , one of the stones fell out . Super glued it back in and still wore them . They look nice though . -LRB- I had a matching necklace -RRB-
 i just received these today and they do n't look anything like crabs . if you could distinguish any animal characteristics it would be a spider , but mostly they look like little blobs of shiny metal . do n't be deceived by the detailed look of the picture .
 I wish I had given more credibility to the negative reviews . Frankly , I do n't understand how there ecould be so many positive reviews . It 's an ok chain - if you want to wear it by itself . But it 's not good for pendants , as advertised . It remains perfectly stiff and oval shaped when worn - even a large pendant does n't pull the chain down as a pendant normally does . I 'm returning it .
 This necklace is like a strong circle of silver . there was almostno bend to it at all and it was not fluid .
 This is NOT a chain necklace . If you buy this product you will get an 18 '' long , 1.26 mm diameter tube with tiny notches along its surface . The `` strong lobster clasp '' looks like it 's made of cheap plastic .
 The ring felt a little thinner than expected , but aside from that it 's a nice looking ring . The problem is that it fit much smaller than the size listed . I am able to wear it but not on the finger I wanted because it 's too small .
 Buyer beware . Take your left or right hand . Now look at your pinky finger . Go to the tip of your pinky finger . Depending on the size of your hand , the tip of your pinky might be larger than this `` Italian charm . '' No charm here . I am not moved .
 I recieved this as a gift for my birthday , and when I opened it , I was terribly dissapointed . The earrings have two different prongs . One earring has all three prongs pictured -LRB- one of which looks like ` v ' , as shown -RRB- , and the other has a different prong at the point of the earring . They are unwearable ! The vendor has very poor quality control
 I tried this ring on my wedding ring band finger and it would slip and slide around my finger , so I know that I must need an 8.5 size ring for my wedding ring band finger . I was disappointed that it did n't fit but I am getting another one that is a 3-Stone ring that is a size 8.5 and it represents more to me about my wedding day and process than just the one solitary stone .
 I just called my father-in-law in another state to ask how he liked the tie tack we sent him and he said he never got it . How do I contact the jeweler to find out what happend to it .
 I bought these for a cartilidge piercing . I like small earrings , but these were almost too small to get in my ear . After 20 minutes , I finally got them in , but I could not close them . This was about 5 days ago and I still have not been able to close the darn things . I have already lost one because it fell out . I would recommend a slightly larger earring with a HINGE clasp .
 I bought 2 pairs of these for my second and third lobe piercings to wear on a daily basis . They were the perfect size , however , they were surprisingly hard to put in . The clasp was incredibly hard to get into the hole in 2 of the earrings.I 've had them for a little under a month now and the silver is turning brown/black on the inside of the hoop in all 4 earrings . You do get what you pay for , seeing as they were so inexpensive . These might be good if you plan on taking them out daily . I would n't buy them again .
 I have made a number of purchases from this vendor through Amazon and generally I have been pleased . These earrings are not suitable for an adult and indeed would probably be too small and too difficult to open for a child . I am returning this pair . They were inexpensive but I would not keep them even if they were free
 I received these earrings fro my teen daughter and they were very very small do n't recommend them to any one .
 If I could go back and not buy these I would . I should have listened to the reviews because they 're right ! I bought 6 pairs of these for my ears and thought I could put them in my lobe piercings and the other pair in my cartilage . Well I was wrong . The earrings were really hard to get clipped in the back so it took me over an hour to get 4 pairs in and they did n't fit in my cartilage at all . They were however the size I wanted for my ear . Another thing I noticed , about a week of wearing them the part that goes into your ear started to change color to an almost black color . Next time I 'll listen . A few earrings also un clipped and I almost lost them .
 Sterling Silver White and Red Stone Lady Cameo PendantBate and switch should be the name of this cameo . The one in the picture is beautiful the one I recieved is not . The lady is very poorly carved . If they had shown the one on line that I recieved I never would have ordered it .
 Frankly , I 'm angry . I never received the item ever . The company wo n't return my emails or calls . The only time they responded they told me it was already delivered , which it clearly was not.DO . NOT . BUY from this vendor .
 I gave this product a low rating ONLY because the wire would not stay closed . I did like the earrings just not the fact that the ONE hoop wire would not stay closed . The seller did accept request for complete refund . At this time I am awaiting the refund to be credited . If need be , I will change this review to a higher ` star ' rating .
 These earrings are too small only a newborn can use it . Do not buy it you are better off going to your local pop 's and mom 's shop
 I have not purchased , but at 10 by 8 millimeters , the stone is smaller than what I 'm looking for . Can anyone let me know where I can find a larger stone ?
 Yes , they are small , but what I got and what 's in the picture are not even close ! My earrings are all orange stones with none of the lovely shading that enticed me to order them . Talk about being disappointed , that 's an understatement . Too bad , so sad , I 've been had .
 These are really small and look like a craft project that my niece would make at school . I would n't recommend them .
 I know it 's the nature of natural stones not to have consistent color , but I did n't like the way these earrings went from light at the top to dark at the bottom . If the bracelet can be made with matching stones , I would think they could make the earrings the same way .
 I will be returning this item . In the picture it appears that this necklace has very nice marcasite stones , but they are so tiny you can barely see them . Also , despite what the picture seems to show , there are only five stones . And the chain is just like those on gumball machine necklaces .
 This is a nice set of earrings for a reasonable price . However , on the backside of the earrings , the words `` Made In Thailand '' are stamped in letters large enough to easily read . While the earrings will hang so as to conceal this gaudy stamp most of the time , it will become noticeable over the course of the day.This product could have been an exceptional buy , but the tasteless stamping on the back of the earring itself makes this reminiscent of a child 's play jewelry .
 I got the earrings today and they do n't look at all like in the picture in fact they look cheaper than what I paid for so disappointed
 I had these on my wish list for a long time and finally ordered them . In the picture they look much more substancial then they really are . They are super light and flimsy , and would be better for a small child , not an adult earring !
 Well , I purchased it for my wife thinking it was 2-shaded earrings -LSB- as looked in the picture -RSB- . However , it 's plain sterling silver . It 's bent from the middle that gives a shade in some conditions . Moreover , it 's extremely thing and the does n't worth the money !
 If you like this design , then go for it , because Peora has good quality pieces . However , after seeing this in person , I can tell you that the setting is too big and overpowering for the size of this gemstone , so it ends up looking a little weird . It might look better with a stone that has more brilliance than citrine -LRB- perhaps blue topaz ? -RRB- , but either way I 'd look for a different setting .
 Read the measurements carefully ... this is MUCH smaller than it appears , and not high quality . I 've not been impressed with Amazon 's jewelry in the slightest .
 I returned this after I received it . To me it looked very cheap and not worth the cost . Looked like a child 's charm , but it was hand crafted . The return was very easy and they handled it very well . It was a good company to deal with , unfortunately I was not satisfied with the item .
 The flowers on this bracelet are quite large - the picture does n't accurately depict it . There is nothing dainty about this piece . I would NOT pay the full price listed on Amazon , and I do n't feel it is worth the price I paid either -LRB- $ 49 -RRB- . The other thing I do n't like about this bracelet is the large gap between the flowers , where the clasp attaches . There are needless links that create this space and make it quite unattractive .
 These look great in the picture online but in reality the pearls look like they were covered with a black coat of paint and was peeling off in some parts . The packing also looked old . Disappointing . Probably the seller sent me a bad product . I had to go through some trouble with the seller to get a return shipping label .
 The tank size -LRB- which is intentionally omitted from the product description -RRB- is too small for large jewelry or sunglasses . To find a real ultrasonic device , search the web for `` cavitation + ultrasonic jewelry cleaner . '' This is an amateur ultrasonic cleaner in a `` designer '' plastic package , designed for sale to those who have n't done their homework on ultrasonics .
 I ordered my jewelry cleaner directly from Shaper Image . The unit arrived a few days later , but they did n't ship the cleaning solution with it and it took another week for that to arrive . When I finally got everything I was so excited to use the cleaner expecting to get the orginial shine my engagement ring had when my husband gave it to me . I was disappointed . After 2 cleanings -LRB- one on normal mode and one on high -RRB- the cleaner got the platinum band shiny again and the top of the diamond . However my particular ring has a unique setting that is like a U shape that the diamond sits in . When you hold the ring up at eye level you can actually see the bottom of the diamond . The cleaner did not clean the area under the diamond at all . I can easily get into this area under the diamond with a small brush , it is an open space so I thought the solution would n't have any issues reaching this area . I was able to clean my ring better with the cheap ammonia based solution that you buy at a drugstore . This machine was a total waste of money for me.UPDATED
 This was a tiny pendant that you could barely put an engraving on -LRB- less than 3/4 '' wide -RRB- and no chain came with it . . It would have looked very silly on an 18 '' chain , ~ if ~ it had a chain . Beware , not as described .
 Really dislike the way these earrings look and sit in the ear . No way I would have purchased if seen in person . But I ca n't fault the listing or seller , it 's my own fault .
 Beware - this product looks nothing like the picture . There is no detail - just a tiny flat piece of gold and definitely not worth the price , and the bale is not even soldered . I sent it back .
 I received this pendant today and a stone was missing . This was my first purchase with Gem Avenue . I can not believe that I waited about 10 days to get the package and it came damaged . I guess they have a poor quality control department . It was quite obvious that the stone was missing . Maybe someone there is blind as a bat !
 It was smaller than I had expected , but it is a necklace that I will definitely wear in the future .
 After 1 month the cord broke in half . It appears the cord must have been rotten or too long in stock
 These look great in the picture online but in reality the pearls look like they were covered with a black coat of paint and was peeling off in some parts . The packing also looked old . Disappointing . Probably the seller sent me a bad product . I had to go through some trouble with the seller to get a return shipping label .
 I should have paid attention to the other review . These stones are very light almost pink . I loves the sapphire ones but am really disappointed in these . The diamonds are nice and for the price they are okay earrings . Since they are so inexpensive , I wo n't return them . After I pay shipping again , it 's not worth it . But I wo n't buy from the company again .
 These look great in the picture online but in reality the pearls look like they were covered with a black coat of paint and was peeling off in some parts . The packing also looked old . Disappointing . Probably the seller sent me a bad product . I had to go through some trouble with the seller to get a return shipping label .
 The stones on this ring are a nice size and color . Unfortunately , the band is so narrow and so thin that it bends just putting it over your knuckle . The people were very nice and prompt issuing the refund when I returned it , but the band was so flimsy that you could n't do anything to fix it .
 As the previous reviewer stated , the band on this ring is just intolerably thin . The first ring I received was so beautiful that I hoped the crumpled band was an aberration , so I contacted the company and sent it back for a replacement . They were very courteous and prompt in all communications . Unfortunately , the second ring also had a hair-thin band , but at least it was n't already crumpled in the box ! I 'm afraid to wear it ; it 's so thin . But it 's so beautiful and relatively inexpensive that I decided to keep it , and maybe look into getting the band reinforced -- although that will likely cost more than the ring did .
 Steel ? Is that what it is ? It 's design is nice , but it 's about as flimsy as you can get ! We were going to give it for a present after our son graduated from boot camp . After all the hard work he did , this would have been an insult to give him . We found another one that was much sturdier .
 Ordered these after ordering a pair of similar sized from smile river . These had much better color , a darker green that is fairly well represented in the picture . The clarity was poor -LRB- I do n't expect diamond like clarity -RRB- , so they really did n't sparkle . I 'm guessing these could have benefited from a treatment of some sort . As Emeralds are in huge demand now , getting a good quality stone is very expensive . I talked to a guy at Halzberg Diamonds , and a set of 1/4 ct AAA stones was $ 1500 + .
 This item is described as being '' 2 '' Tall '' . It is actually a tad under 1.5 '' . I e-mailed Sabrina Silver about my dissatisfaction with the deceptive description of the cross . They wrote me back that they did n't like my `` tone '' and that they were not going to apologize . They have however changed the description . Be advised though that the newly described height includes the loop on top of the cross .
 bracelet looks like what is shown but it is 7 INCHES in length absolutely NOT 9 INCHES stated in description . lost return info and guess will have to give it to someone else since it is two inches off . Very DISAPPOINTED .
 Beautiful item it is as pictured , but the color tarnishes very quickly ! This is a problem ! Do n't waste your time !
 Well as for the quality of the product it is very good , however it is not what I had purchased and I have had no replies to the messages I have sent .
 I guess I should n't have been disappointed but I am . I purchased it because I am a very small person and I thought that this would be the perfect size . However , it 's much smaller than it appears . I wear about a size 3 and the 3-prong diamond barely covers 1/4 of my finger . The gold does not appear to be 14k either as this is really light-weight and a very light yellow shade . I almost thought that I bought a white gold band . This ring has a very flimsy feel to it and it 's cheaper than I would have imagined . Not to mention that the ring was an imperfect circle . I would n't be surprised if it bent if I squeezed it . I am even more disappointed because Amazon did not send a certificate with it like they did when I purchased my previous ring . I do not recommend this ring to anyone . It looks dinky and you 're better off purchasing a 1/4 ct solitaire . This ring just does n't look right .
 Product 's picture was misleading . I thought I was buying a cuban/curb link bracelet . It got delivered promptly in a nice velvet box . But they sent me a cuban squared link bracelet . It looked awful and tacky for my taste . I contacted seller several times trying to simply exchange it for another merchandise . I was told to go online and order replacement piece . It 's been showing as not available for 3 weeks . Finally I decided to return product for a refund on 5/02 . Todays is 5/14 , I already paid my credit card and I have n't seen my money back . Seller never called me to solve issue . By the way , because the bracelet cost 5 cents less than the minimum requirement to get `` free shipping '' status , I had to pay for shipping . After I got the product delivered , I went online and the very same product was eligible for free shipping . I also had to pay shipping for returning the product . Netaya fooled once . There wo n't be a second time !!
 Came un-hooked very easy . This item was longer than normal and I was unable to wear it .
 I RETURNED THE EARRINGS PER INSTRUCTIONS GIVEN BY PEARL CLOSEOUTS , AND HAVE NOT HEARD A WORD FROM THEM . I HAVE SENT 4 EMAILS , NOTHING I WANT MY MONEY REFUNDED NOW , ASAP I WILL NEVER BUY FROM THEM AGAIN NOR DO I SUGGEST ANYONE MAKE A PURCHASE .
 I am returning this necklace . The silver is so bright that it looks fake , and the CZ settings are klunky , not delicate the way it appeared in the photo .
 I returned mine . The ring is very large ... taking up the entire length of my finger between my middle and end knuckle . Some people can carry this look off but it is not a good look for a smallish person like me . Also , the `` stone '' part looks like enamel rather than the cool , unique stone that I thought it was going to look like . The color is beautiful but is lacks the depth and variety that would make it look like a true natural stone .
 The stones were smaller than appeared in the picture of them . Otherwise they are very nice .
 I received this `` locket '' in the mail yesterday . It is teeny-tiny and gold filled . I believe I paid $ 55.00 + shipping for a piece of cheesy costume jewelry , that used to be available in a Five & Ten store . I was hoping this gift would become an heirloom that she could pass down to her own little girl . I am afraid it is a piece of junk . It would behoove the vender to say in the ad that it is gold filled . The locket is so miniscule that I ca n't imagine any photo or piece of a photo fitting in it . Quel dommage !!!
 I purchased these earrings to wear out to dinner a year ago but unfortunately have only worn them once . The first stone was much bigger than I expected , and instead of looking classy they look cheesy and fake .
 I agree with another reviewer who said that these are extremely large earrings.However , I am actually returning mine for that reason . In my opinion , they aregaudy and look phony , and they are not at all what I wanted . I feel terrible aboutthis , too , as I had requested them as a gift , expecting stones more than half thesize and more useful for everyday wear.If you are shopping for jewlery on Amazon , please pay attention to size ! If you areunsure , PLEASE double check ! I wish I had saved myself the trouble ! Hopefully , Amazonwill begin including scale-reference photographs for products such as these .
 I was lying down to go to sleep when I felt something weird in my mouth . Well it turned out that the top ball from the tongue ring had some how undone itself , and fell in my throat . This is not the first time that one of the acrylic tongue rings that I have orderd from this web site have done this . Most of them the ball from the top cracks and it just comes off . It 's quite irritating .
 They were not as nice as I wanted them to be , I ended up returning them . I was expecting them to have more `` sparkle '' , but they were pretty dull looking .
 The photo appeared much much much better than the actual product . The actualy product looks and feels like a very cheap thimble . To a point it feels as if the photo and the actual product are two different things.The delivery service form the seller is good and their other products are quite satisfactory . For the reputation , please becareful with the photo image and the actual product quality .
 I purchased the earrings for my 17 year old daughter . The SECOND time she wore them one of the backs fell off and she lost the earring and the other earring lost 3 of the stones . We are extremely disappointed at the terrible quality of the earrings . I did not save the receipt because I thought everything would be fine but now felt I totally wasted my money and wished I could get a refund !!!
 This is the 2nd time I purchased from Eve 's Addiction and I thought the jewelry was cheap for the amount I paid for it . Their photography is deceiving . I first purchased a bracelet for a present and was very disappointed when i received it . I returned it . I then purchased earrings and antoher pair for Christmas gifts and again , disappinted . One of the earrings looked like it had cut cz but when I received it it was just sterling silver with raised dots that appeared in the photo to be cz . I would n't buy from them again .
 I bought this product and within a week it broke . I took it to get fixed and to get this product fixed it cost more than the bracelet . This is the first product that I have been dissatisfied with and probably will not buy any more jewelry from Amazon.Com .
 This bracelet did not come with the nice suede box , as advertised . It came in a small square cheap cardboard box . Although , it is obviously an inexpensive bracelet ... it looked cheap as can be . Luckily , it IS inexpensive so I ca n't get too mad .
 the bracelet is gorgeous but it will not stay clasped no matter what i do i will return it .
 This is DAINTY , PETITE , TINY . It is a little girl or pre-teen ring ! I am 5 foot 4 and 125 lbs and a size 6 and have very little fingers . This is small butterfly design wise AND size wise ! I have about 150 size 6 rings THAT FIT FINE this one has to be a 5 and a half ! If I were to wear it it would get stuck and an ambulance would have to come and paramedics would have to remove it from my swollen , purple finger . The butterfly IS exquisite do n't get me wrong . Very pretty ! Looks like real diamonds but it does n't say the dimensions here in the description . It should be a half an inch at least to have any wow factor but it HAS TO BE SMALLER THAN THAT like a little girl 's ring like I mentioned before . It has to go back and i am SO UPSET ! This was my Mother 's Day gift ! I had e-mailed these people ASKING is it ran small too ! They had no clue ! The picture of the ring on the finger of the manequin or whatever it is is VERY deceiving . If any of my children were older I would give it to them but I do n't know one single person small enough to wear this ITTY BITTY TEENY WEENY RING ! SHOCKINGLY SMALL ! I MIGHT exchange for a bigger size we 'll see . It came really fast . All the stones are there . Good workmanship . The design is nice . It is n't all bad . I am just mad I ca n't wear it and nobody would notice it anyway I am thinking , as microscopic as it is ! If you are 5 foot and under 100lbs go for it !
 beautiful at first -LSB- three days -RSB- then it all went down hill from there.the ring is gray and the stones look like i dipped them in vaseline very cloudy looking.my finger is green and i am out 50.00 bucks.all of the awsome reviews had to come from the makers of this ring.not happy .
 This ring I ordered because I loved their Jessica Simpson replica , however it is uncomparable . The main diamond is on the large size however , the diamonds all around the wedding band and engagement ring are so tiny you need a magnifying glass to see them . Additionally , the wedding band width is SO THIN , it is obvious that it is not real . The silver is also too shiny making it look cheap . I did not return the item , good enough for wearing around the kids . I would NOT go out of the house with this one ... not worth it in my opinion . I was very disappointed .
 The ring turns your finger green which is quite embarrasing . The cz is loose in its setting and actually makes a small rattling noise . I tried never to get any water on the ring and it still looks dull and has lost it 's sparkle after only two months . I know it was less than $ 50 but I have purchased other cz rings that hold sparkle and shine for years . This set should be priced at around $ 20
 BEAUTIFUL BRACELET WAS N'T VERY STURDY . IT WAS A GIFT FOR MY 6YR OLD WHO DESTROYED IT IN 2WKS . CHARMS KEPT FALLING OFF .
 It would have been nice if they SAID THESE ARE CLIP ONS . Who wears clip on 's ? This was a waste of my time & money and I hope Amazon will refund not only the cost but the shipping also because I never would have bothered if i KNEW THEY WERE CLIP ONS .
 Not happy :-LRB- I was so excited for these , and I 'm sure the rings would be wonderful if they were n't tarnished !! Not sure if they were just old stock or what , but they def did n't look new . I will prob just try to clean them up the best I can .
 This look exactly what it is
 DID NOT RECEIVE THE ITEM I ORDERED ! VERY DISAPPOINTED IN AMAZON , AND I AM A REGULAR CUSTOMER ! I RECEIVED A SINGLE ROW BAND . NOT STACKING !
 I received the ring ... it looked soo much better in the picture . I looks extremely cheap , like a ring that you would buy from a vending machine .
 I purchased these rings , to go with my gold rings , -LRB- to help make my gold rings , `` pop '' a little more with the white metal , without spending a fortune -RRB- . I purchased them , to wear only two of them , on either side , of my real anniversary ring , and engagement ring . However , the stones are set in a way , that they dig into the fingers , next to the ring . Even when worn , with another two bands , -LRB- to help take the `` pressure '' off of the new bands -RRB- , they still dug into my fingers , on both sides . I also found the rings , to be a bit larger , than a true size five . Do n't get me wrong , they were pretty , very pretty . However , they were not worth being THAT uncomfortable .
 Shipping was very fast and came in a velvet pouch but do n't waste your money . It looks cheap on and feels cheap . Very dissapoibted in this purchase .
 It sparkles and looks nice . I absolutely LOVE thicker bands so when I saw this , I had to try it . I loved having the option to wear all 3 or just 1 . I wore it for a week then decided this had to go back . As much as I liked this , it was just too uncomfortable . The prongs stick out a lot and goes all the way around . It pokes the sides of the fingers next to it . I tried to deal with the discomfort but by the 5th or 6th day , I was soo ready to return it . Maybe this will work for someone who had really thin fingers but it was just too uncomfortable for me .
 I was looking for a replacement wedding band , not too expensive because I recently lost my real wedding band -LRB- so sad -RRB- ! This ring is far from `` real '' looking . Its very sparkly but its just something about it , that looks unreal ... hard to explain . I hate to return things , but I am returning this ring . This ring is good to compliment other costume type jewelry , but will never pass for `` real '' .
 I returned these rings after wearing them for one full day . They look pretty , but have sharp poking edges all around the sides from the stones and their settings . Washing and drying my hands was so uncomfortable because of the rough feeling these rings had . I actually had 2 cuts on my middle finger from where it had pressed against the rings on my ring finger . I was disappointed , but had to return them . Its just not worth the pain !
 I was looking for a costume set to go on either side of my engagement ring . After reading the reviews on these rings , I thought they might work . I was wrong . They are clearly costume when worn next to quality jewelry . They are also not all the same size . One of the bands was a bit wider than the others . All in all , I was n't impressed enough to keep them to wear casually on their own . These were repackaged , and returned . Good luck ladies !
 This ring might be ok for someone with long fingers.its a very large looking ring for someonr with shorter fingers.i could not put my fingers together.the size runs a bit large also.does not look real , but I can see it being ok as a fun ring.this was not for me I have the wrong type of fingers for it .
 I have triplet sisters , so I bought 4 of these rings as sister rings ... and the pictures on here made them look so elegant . Then when I got all the rings , I was so disappointed . I am embarrassed to give the rings to my sisters .
 the necklace is pretty , however , the clasp wont open far enough to attach to the chain so I cant even wear it .
 Well , that will teach me to not check out merchandise before I wrap it up for Christmas . I ordered this for my daughter for Christmas , paid the one day shipping for $ 3.99 . It came in the mail and I did not take it out of the plastic wrapping it was in when it arrived . I put it right in to the gift bag . My daughter opened it thie morning and the chain is broken , not even at the clasp . It is broke right in one of the chain links !!! Thanks for NOTHING .
 When I received this locket , I was very disappointed . It does n't close correctly , and has light scratches all over it as though it had been rattling around someone 's desk drawer for a year .
 this is to samll for the price i was hoping to see something bigger thisis why i put three star
 beautiful product , came when I expected , but wife and I are disappointed ... way too small to be an anklet -LRB- and my wife is little , except where it counts ! -RRB- wo n't make it around her ankle ... very disappointed that this is advertised as an anklet ...
 I expected a bit better quality than these earrings are . Although attractive , they are very yellow in color and the quality is lacking .
 So at first sight , my wife loves the ring , perfecr xmas present . 4 days later , the skull breaks off the ring . Okay no big deal . Had to pay to ship it back to the company , even exchange for the same ring -LRB- minus shippin -RRB- . So the new one shows , literally breaks the day we got it . Time for a refund . Thirty dollar ring ? I do n't think so , should be cheaper cuz its made poorly . The skull and crossbones is attached by a small post to the ring , there is no support and no structure to it . You can put this thirty bucks towards a more expensive better made ring .
 The garnets in these earrings are more brown than red . They are still OK , just not what I expected since garnets are red .
 I have just received this ring today and upon opening its package my first thought was
 I ordered two of these , one was for a gift for a friend . Each necklace is suppose to come in a nice gift box and both necklaces should have batteries installed in them and a set of spare ones . I received only one necklace in a nice box and it did NOT even have batteries IN the necklace , I attempted to install the spares that were provided and those were dead . The other necklace which should have been in a nice box , because thats what I paid for , was carelessly thrown in a plastic bag . And to top it all off it took a week to get here and Im a Prime Member . This company business model is poor , now Im faced with going to the battery store to get batteries for the first one cause there is no time to return these as I see my friend this weekend . Also both necklaces were completely different . This company should not be on Amazon . Period . Dont buy from them .
 I purchased this for a friend to use with her costume . The Necklace did not arrive in a silver box as the pictures show , but in a plastic bag . The other big negative I have with this product is that the necklace is not coated with any sort of material . After 30 minutes wearing the item my friends neck started feeling sore due to the strands of wire randomly pinching her neck . I would of requested to return this product but she felt better using it as a decoration in her kids room
 The chain broke thr first week hr wore it , yhe one that he had before I bought this one he wore for about six years without any problems . Not badly made , but not very sturdy , Fast shipper .
 This pendant looked much larger in the photo than when I received it so I was disappointed with the size when I received it . The earrings were dinky and not attractive at all . I sent the whole thing back , and of course only received a partial refund because it was not Amazon 's fault that I ordered this and was dissatisfied .
 Looks much better on the website!My 3yr old loved it when I gave it to her ... so I did n't return.But now neither of us likes it : -LRB- It is really tiny and the ruby stones are not even tit-bit shiny .
 I bought this 4 ma girl friend 's gift.I was certainly satisfied until I opened the box.It does n't look like as picture.I expected red , but it 's pink . .
 Not even 2 days later it discolored/turned black both the chain and pendany . It has been sent back to the seller for review . I dont want another one if it is going to do the same thing .
 When I received this charm the top part holding the charm on the necklace was backward , the top was pushed outward , middle part of the dragon was pushed inward the bottom where the tail is pushed outward . Ii 's bend in several position . I paid over $ 30 dollars for this necklace , it not worth it.Sterling Silver Dragon Charm , 21/2 '' -LRB- 63mm -RRB- Tall
 I felt the picture did not show that the charm looked smaller than a baby charm . I was very disappointed for the money .
 I got this as a christmas gift and it did n't glow in the dark like it said at all , but I guess you get what you pay for .
 I was expecting minor imperfections based on description . The earings were dark and blemished in over half of the area of the diamond . They did not sparkle - they look like glass - poorly polished glass.I am extremely disappointed . Plus I just spent $ 20 to return them with insurance through UPS .
 The diamonds had black inclusions that seemed to occupy a major fraction of the diamonds volume . I expected something that would be visible on close inspection with the naked eye , but these are visible from 5 feet away ! They are the most dominant feature of the diamonds ! I have seem I2s before and needed a loop to see the includions . These are just unacceptable ! Pretty much ruined a 50th birthday as a gift , these stones are junk.AVOID !
 I received my belly ring today and I was very surprised with the shipping since it is holiday season , but the product is not as pictured . The balls are a dirty white pearl color not the glittery white as pictured . It it also super long . I do n't know if it 's made for people with piercings farther back or what but it sticks out way to much for my comfort and I took it off after an hour thinking I may rip it out on accident .
 This arrived very quickly , but it was more opaque than translucent -LRB- its surface almost appears painted -RRB- and then it was chipped on top of that . A bummer ! But I 'm giving it two stars for the fast shipping .
 I do n't know why I buy these things . I guess it 's Lightning Deal anxiety.It is pretty much like it appears in the pictures . But up close it has a cheap , mass produced look to it . It 's smaller than it appears , and if you saw it a flea market you might think it costs less than $ 5 . I kept it , but would n't give it as a gift to someone I cared about.I 'm somewhat disappointed with this purchase , even at the reduced Lightning Deal price I paid .
 So I get my belly button ring , and guess what ? it was tinyyyyy and also when i tried it on the first time one of the LITTLE balls broke ... yes it broke when i was trying to put it back , It was not even in completly so it was not tight ... . Bad bad product
 This color is very dull and not vary vivid . It 's a nice twist but does n't catch the eye .
 THIS PRODUCT IS NOT WHAT I EXPECTED , ALL SORTS OF REQUIREMENTS AND POSITIONS TEMPERATURES AND SIZES OF STONES MUST BE CALCULATED IN ORDER TO ALLEGEDLY GET AN ACCURATE RESPONSE ... **** NOTE THIS PRODUCT THINKS MY WIFE 'S WATCH CRYSTAL IS A DIAMOND ... NEED I SAY MORE ? ... HEY HONEY MAYBE IT MEANT YOU ARE A DIAMOND : -RRB-
 Not too impressed with this as it can produce the effect that it 's a real diamond when it 's not without touching anything around the stone too .
 This device is way to hard to use ... ca n't calibrate the dang thing . I 'm sure it will never work properly . Not at all impressed .
 Not very accurate . Ca n't get it to work very well , beeps on everything from diamonds to glass . Still not sure if it 's a diamond or not .
 Have tried this product on several items . You have to do to many manual inputs and has not gotten the correct answer on diamonds once This is a cheaply made tool and does not work at all
 I loved the colors and design of this navel ring . However , I found that the actual ring was way too large for my navel piercing . My navel piercing is n't very deep , but it also is not too thin . I feel that I 've wasted my money on something I 'll never use .
 It may just be that my belly button is small , but the piercing stuck out waaaay too far . I would only suggest this if you have a deep innie .
 The picture and description for this ring set make the rings far more attractive than what they are up close and personal . The rings look like they are made of plastic - definitely not worth the money or 1 minute it takes to buy them . Extremely dissapointed .
 I was disappointed that the actual vs. online photo was not attractive . Shipping was very timely and the nice packaging prevented any transit damage . Vendor has a very large selection . The shipping fee assessed at the point of purchase was equal to a fourth of the price of the product at my price point and there is no free shipping on returns . The customer service rep was defensive when I shared my disappointment . A refund was promptly received . I am not interested in reordering .
 I bought this on sale as a fun piece to wear because I love dragonflies.Based on the reviews , I though this pendant would fit the bill . I was very disappointed when I opened the box and found that the stones were extremely cloudy.Cloudy to the point where there was no sparkle whatsoever . There was more sparkle from the dragonfly itself than from the CZ 's . I know it 's an inexpensive piece of jewelry , but I expected more based on the reviews.I do however , agree with the other reviewers that the dragonfly itself is a very nice piece , but the cloudy stones render it unwearable . The quality of the dragonfly is why I gave this necklace two stars instead of one.I ended up giving to my young daughter to wear as she liked it .
 From the image , I thought this was fairly large . It 's not in fact . I looks cheap too . I bought this as a gift and opted not to give it .
 The necklace was very pretty and the individual I bought it for really liked it . However , I was very disappointed to discover , upon my sister opening her gift , that the chain of the necklace was all tangled up . It took us an hour to unknot the mess .
 I own couple of love knot studs and seen many , but I 've never seen such a poor quality ones ! those are huge ! very very heavy and cheaply made ! the grooves are painted carelessly with black paint to enhance the looks and give a false feeling of void , but it 's actually a colored block of solid steel . I highly recommend going for the classic ones -LRB- plain -RRB- they look much classier , smaller and lighter .
 I bought this ring along with another smoky quartz ring from the same vendor . This ring fit nicely , but the large stone was chipped , scratched and had numerous bubbles in it . The silver is ` heavy ' looking , not delicate . The other ring had to go back because it was simply HUGE , and I did n't want something that big , but it was in excellent condition . It sat a good half an inch above the top of my finger and the stone was as wide . This ring was also big , but not overly so . Neither appeared like good quality rings but then for these prices , you ca n't really expect top quality .
 The ring I received had several scratches on the big stone and the side stones were lighter in color and did n't match . I returned it .
 I was disappointed in the color of the 6 small garnet stones surrounding the large center stone . The small garnets are very light in color , like a blush . I am having my local jeweler replace them with fire garnets to match the center stone . Had I known of the color variation , I would not have purchased this ring . The photo on the internet does not represent the true color of the garnets .
 I bought this for taking the `` good jewelry '' with me when I travel , but it really lacks usable features . I found it too small to be practical.The ring bar is so skinny that your rings end up rubbing together . It does have a couple of small pockets in which you could put rings or small earrings , and two medium-sized zipper pockets that might hold a bracelet or small watch.If you really want to take your good stuff with you , look elsewhere . If you just want to bring a spare ring and a pair of earrings for a weekend , this would be okay .
 This pendant is small , and not worth the price . You may find better deals at malls as you will know what size it is before purchasing it.Don ' t waste money on it . I am returning it .
 I was disppointed in the quality of the pendant . It is flat , not solid , and there is no depth to it . Combine that with its non-dainty size , and it just plain looks cheap . I gave it to my six-year old .
 Small cheap and not very shiny . Made in china . Definitely returning this one , it is of subpar quality . Looks like a necklace from one of those 50 cent machines .
 about this item for my girlfriend did not like the quality of the chain the chain was not 18 inches long I would not purchase this item again knowing that the chain-link this fake it 's more like eight 12 '' to 14 '' chain
 I have oredered this item and i have recived completelly a different item , i have got the earrings ... . os mad at this purchase
 When I recieved these earrings , all the diamonds had been ripped off . Gone . Completely . And to be quite honest , the `` ruby '' looks like pink plastic stones . Wanted to get them for my mom for christmas , but now I have to send them back and i 'm not sure if i 'll even get her new present on time before crhistmas .
 Amendment to below review -LRB- Mar 07 -RRB-
 Please read Mr. Marcus C. Dunn 's review because I agree with all his negative and positive points about these earrings.In my case , I bought it as one of the many small presents for my fiancee . When I first received it today , I was really liked the `` design '' of the earring . But after closer examination , I noticed that the `` blue '' stone was `` very light blue '' . Good quality earring for a young teenager -LRB- 9 to 14 years old -RRB- but not for the woman I 'm going to spend the rest of my life with . Returning the earring and definitely learned my lesson - Jewelry has to been seen and bought with your `` own '' eyes and not through fancy `` photoshop '' website with touchup/enhanced photos .
 I bought these for my wife for x-mas based on their picture . They arrived , she put them on . Both earings had the stones fall out and frame break within a half a day . They are junk and the company that sent them can not be trusted . Be careful !!!
 Come on ! I thought they had erroneously mailed out CZs ! These earrings dont have even the faintest tinge of blue in them ! What a RIP ! The sterling silver was nice and well-constructed but i purchased these earrings on the strength of what i thought were the dazzling blue topaz stones . Quite a disappointment ! I had to buy an emergency back-up Christmas gift for my best friend !
 the stones in the earrings were not at all like pictured . they look very cheap
 I bought a couple of pair of these for my wife for `` everyday '' ear rings . The tiny stone fell out before she could wear one pair . The earring is so small it makes it difficult to get on . DO NOT BUY THESE .
 I bought a size 8 and could not wear the ring on any finger . It 's very small and will need to be returned . Would suggest buying a size bigger than you normally wear.The silver bands with the CZ stones are not very clear , almost white and it throws off the attractiveness of the whole ring . The Marcasite stones are very beautiful and would have balanced better with a truer silver .
 The ring is beautiful and I loved it for about a week until one of the stones fell out .
 I bought this for a gift . I had to return it once because it was too small and is n't true to size . I am returning again now , because the recipient told me it turned her finger green . I do n't think this can be sterling silver if it is turning fingers green . I love all the Amazon products , but this one should be evaluated so this does n't happen to others .
 I have had this ring 2 weeks and a stone has already fallen out ! Very disappointed . I have no idea how to return it either .
 Initially it is pretty , but for the price it is n't very much . Looks and feels like it would break in a few months . The thing is itchy against your fingers . You ca n't really tell the black is there . The picture is , in this case , alot ` prettier ' than the actual thing .
 I was so excited to get this ring !!! But within a few hours of wearing it my finger had turned green !!!! I have other sterling silver jewelry and it 's never had that effect on me before . Makes me doubt it 's made of sterling silver . Bummer . Very disappointed with this product .
 I love Sterling Silver & so I thought this would be a classy-looking piece . However , the crystals were very dull & the fit of the ring runs Very small . I wore it once uncomfortably , & was frustrated because I do n't give away items that I myself do n't like , so it was a waste of $ $ .
 This ring is INDEED MUCH NICER looking in the photo , it 's very thin , and not enough room on the finger . Amazon.com should be ashamed for false advertsing , or misleading people ... I fault myself though , because I usually do the reviews first , but this time I fell in love with the way it looked , and just ordered it . . I 'm totally disappointed , and will NEVER buy another ring from amazon . .
 I have been wearing the ring for about a month and have had many compliments about the ring . However , the crystals are coming out in several spots . I would not recommend buying this product due to the lack of quality .
 in person the ring looks fake and the size is very odd . One side is smaller then the other . So its hard to wear . I got a size 6 and it fits like a 5 on bottom and 6 on top .
 The ring is quite stunning , however , several of the stones have fallen out after two brief wearings . I usually do not purchase sterling silver fashion rings , so it might be common for stones to fall out easily . I received several comments on its beauty , however .
 the ring looks very nice but the stones are not mounted very well . After wearing it for 3 months I lost several stones .
 I have had my ring for just over a month and was quite pleased with how it looked , however , I have just noticed there are already 2 stones missing and I am very disappointed .
 It does not look nearly as nice as it does in the picture . I received it yesterday and today , some of the stones have already fallen out . Do n't bother with this ring !
 After a few months this ring started to break apart . The crystals are coming out of the little shells .
 This ring is very poorly made . I purchased it for a valentines day gift . Within just a couple weeks three of the stones fell out . I sent it back in had it exchanged . I recieve the next one and within another two weeks two more of the stones had feel out . I called asked what to do and ended up having a very difficult return . Not only that but they tried to only give me 80 % back when I was entitled to a full 100 . % I would not recommend this item to anyone what so every .
 DO NOT BUY THIS RING BECAUSE YOU WILL NOT GET THIS RING THEY WILL SEND YOU A SIMILAR RING THAT IS FLAT THE PICTURE CLEARLY SHOWS THE ROWS ARE RAISED THE RING THEY SHIPPED IS FLAT AS A PANCAKE I CALL THIS BAIT AND SWITCH AND TOTALLY ILLEGAL !!!!
 I bought this neclace for my 9 yr old son and he loves it and for the price I love it .
 I have now ordered a total of 3 pairs of these . They are dainty and cute . BUT -- Every single time the Fleur de Lis just breaks off . They are so cute , but who wants a pair of earrings that are made so cheaply - and for almost $ 30 . Come on Eve 's Addiction - do n't say you sell quality !
 When I recived item ordered , it was cute , it looked like what I wanted , but it was broken . The fairy dancer that was suppose to be standing was broken off . It was a Christmas gift , I was dissappointed .
 Paper peeling off . Looks better in the photo that it does when it arrives . Not durable at all . I returned it .
 Ok so I never ever write a review but my daughter just received this as a present . It is a beautiful and well made jewelry box but the sticker on the package as well as the box said that it contains lead . I am appalled that a product that is obviously made for children is still being sold even if it is labeled as containing lead ! I will definitely be returning this one !
 I had to give this product one star , because it is no longer fun or educational -- it is broken ! It did n't even last a month . My seven-year-old daughter hardly ever wound up the music box , and then one day it just stopped working . My husband thinks that it may be the spring . Whatever the case may be , we are extremely disappointed , as this was supposed to be one of the special gifts our daughter received for Christmas .
 Not what I was expecting . The tool on the back to wind it up broke in the first 2 weeks .
 Huge disappointment . The drawers do not stay shut and just flop open when the box is moved even slightly . Considering the size of the box there is actually very little storage . Poor sound quality . Just overall a really bad product .
 I bought this jewelry box for my daughter 's birthday . I was so happy when I first opened the shipping box and saw that it was indeed just as beautiful as it looked in the picture . However , when I turned it over I saw a small warning sticker on the bottom of the box . It warned me that the jewelry box contained lead and should not be eaten or chewed . Fine , my daughter is past the age where she would chew on it . However , the warning continued , saying that it may generate dust containing lead . Unacceptable . I am promptly returning this jewelry box as I do not want my daughter exposed to any levels of lead knowing that lead can cause so many problems especially with learning development . No jewelry box is worth that no matter how pretty the picture .
 I am looking for a small hoop earring with a locking closure - exactly like this product.Since I participate in different sports , some involving helmets , I have been desperatelysearching for a style that was comfortable -LRB- no posts sticking out the back -RRB- and secure -LRB- one that I could n't lose -RRB- during sports ; yet simple and elegant.I also wanted one I could leave in during a shower or sleep that would n'ttarnish -LRB- hence white or yellow gold -RRB- or fall out.I like a matte finish and do n't really care for cheap diamonds . The styleI chose had diamonds that were so small , I thought they compromisedthe look to the point that it would have been much better without -LRB- I did n't see anyon their site without diamonds -RRB- . The style
 I bought this to wear with a pendant however the chain would not fit through the bail as it was to thick , i had to send it back but i got a prompt refund !
 The photo here is thicker than the actual item . IT 's not as beautiful as I expected . Top of it , they charge for shipping as well . So , not so happy with this purchase .
 I bought this to wear with a pendant however the chain would not fit through the bail as it was to thick , i had to send it back but i got a prompt refund !
 Bought this piece of jewelry and within 2 weeks it was black . What a waste of money .
 This necklace turned black after a few months . Now the outside is black and the inside is still shiny so it looks like it has zebra stripes .
 AS soon as I rec 'd the earrings , I noticed in the little transparent plastic bag that the one shell was not attached to anything . But as soon as I notifed the company , they immediately said they would refund my money , which they did . Even tho the product was packaged very well to ship , I imagine that that is where the shell became unattached . As they say , `` accidents happen '' and because the company was so accomodating , I would definately use them again . So `` 1 star '' for the earrings , but `` 10 stars '' to the company .
 This necklace turned black after a few months . Now the outside is black and the inside is still shiny so it looks like it has zebra stripes .
 This was my second pair of earrings . The back became loose and I lost one of the earrings . I thought that I had done something wrong . I liked the size , price and they were white gold . So , I purchased another pair . After about 2 weeks of wearing the earrings . The back became loose and I lost another earring.My inexpensive earrings went from $ 25 to $ 50 . I 'm not buying another pair . I decided I 'd save money buying a more expensive pair
 I quickly received this from the seller , I was disappointed in how small the chain is . Around my little 13 year old brothers neck it nearly chokes him . Also wanted to say the chain itself is made of some weird kind of metal feels very flimsy and not very durable despite its weight.Other than that only Pro is that it looks cool . .
 The necklace broke the first time my husband took it off . It 's entirely too short . I am doubly disappointed because when it arrived the first time , the &#34; diabetic &#34; inscription was missing ; I returned it , and the item , as it was advertised , did make it back before Christmas .
 the id necklace chain has no clasp and it barely fit over my head if someone had a bigger head it would not fit at all also the diabetes stamp u can not make it out
 This bracelet , although relatively inexpensive , is too cheaply made . The links from bracelet to chain are cheap and can be pulled off . The emblem comes off -LRB- as mine did -RRB- as it is just glued on . The word DIABETIC lightly engraved on the back is barely readable and in less than good lighting conditions may not be able to be read at all . Not recommended at any price .
 Folks come on my Grandmother always told me you get what you pay for , what did you expect for under five dollars . I too ordered one , not the greatest , but I expected that because of what I paid for it , I am not going to be shocked or surprised when the emblem breaks , or you ca n't read what it says on the back . I did not buy it to impress anyone . I just want the authorities to know that I am a diabetic , if I ca n't tell them myself . My main gripe with this company , is that the item was backordered , and no one told me , so after about three weeks or so after the due date I became concerned -LRB- NOT TOO CONCERNED ONLY 5 BUCKS -RRB- , but none the less they told me `` OH YEAH THAT HAS BEEN OUT OF STOCK ON BACK ORDER WE SHOULD BE GETTING THEM IN SHORTLY '' It would have been nice to know this before I became worried ... Bottom line you get what you pay for ...
 The medalion is pretty basic and standard , but they did n't put a clasp in the chain , and after a few weeks the chain broke .
 The pic shows this as having the word `` DIABETIC '' engraved on the back of this item ... it arrived with this not present . No problem for me , as I will dremel it in myself , but this is not what is shown on this item sale page , and is not what I ordered .
 I called Taos Trading in Jan. for the sizing of the ring , and they told me they will call me in Feb. when they get more size 7 's in . It is now march , and i have not gotten any phone calls . I 'm disappointed , i was looking forward to buying the ring .
 It is very difficult to buy gold via the web because the pictures do not show actual size . felt that the item was over priced . It was very thin and the baby snatched it and broke it in the first use .
 The stones in these earrings are a lot paler than shown in the picture . If the earrings had been accurately depicted , I would not have purchased them .
 Perhaps I was fooled by the picture when I should n't had been . The necklace was n't exactly what I expecting . I wanted to attach a pendent on the necklace and give as gift but it just did n't work .
 The chain is poorly made . It broke between the fastner link and the chain shortly after receiving and wearing it . The chain is not made strong enough for daily use . Do n't buy , buy a heavier chain and pay the higher price . You get want you pay for . Now the chain is useless . Wasted money .
 The image makes it look a lot more detailed and oxidized than it actually is . In reality it 's very shiny and thin . I was kinda upset when I opened it and found this . It 's not bad , just not what I was expecting . Not worth the return shipping , so I 'll probably be gifting this .
 I guess I doubted the review and figured why not take a chance for such a small amount of money . I wanted pink coral earrings to match a bracelet and figured if they were red they would match some jewelry with a bit of red coral . I do n't think I could wear them because of the unequal lengths of the drop . You do get what you pay for .
 I ordered this for my wife . It does n't really look like the pictures . When it arrived the chain was knotted ; it was difficult to fix this so that she could wear it .
 Looks ok not that shiny did not live up to expectations . If you expect this necklace to be sparking then do n't buy .
 This was a total waste of money , it 's a real cheapo like something out of a cracker jack box .
 I purchased this as a gift a month before giving it to the person . It was too big for wife 's fingers . Contacted merchant , but they said it was past return period . Will not buy from again . Gave two stars because it was as described .
 Awful , Embarrasing , Deceptive , -LSB- PUT YOUR DISAPPOINTMENT WORD HERE -RSB- , this was by far one of the most deceptive purchases I 've ever made , jewelry DOES NOT look as pictured , is definitively smaller and finishing is slightly below average , I 'll never buy jewelry online again ... Hard time returning due to the looks , luckily they screwed up on shipping times and I was entitled to a return -LRB- just by the looks they WILL NOT take it back -RRB- .
 Even if you have the body of a goddess , it 's gon na hang funny . Def a bikini piece . No way to really wear it under clothes comfortably
 The ring itself is beautiful . But after about 4 months of wear the band started changing colors . I type at a computer all day so my hands arent in hard chemicals and I dont wear it in the shower . For the money I spent on this ring I was not that impressed that it started changing colors so quickly . Wo n't be buying another ring from this company anytime soon !
 These are the farthest thing from being `` well crafted . '' The picture is very deceiving , the front of them looks okay but when you turn them around they have this horrible ridge that makes them look like something you could by for $ 2 from some terrible store like claire 's . If you can get past the fact that they look cheap , the design is actually nice .
 the lotus part of the earring was pretty , but the hook was very poor quality and probably would have broken the first time I wore it . I returned it .
 In person , the earrings look kind of like sperm , and they do n't hang nicely . They twist , so the faces are in back . Also , they are on the heavier side and are uncomfortable for people with sensitive ears . I 'm thinking of reworking them into a necklace or something .
 The Product looks great , and fits and fall on my wrist perfectly . The Huge problem this item has is that the clip to lock it comes off so easily . The first time I wore it , it came off twice that night . Luckily I found it on the floor ; so I put it on my pockets for the rest of the night . Since I like the look and it falls great on my wrist . Now I have to use a small band aid to secure it . I do n't recommended for that reason .
 Though the design is cool , the quality of this pendant is poor . They are so light and the color is strikingly white , which makes them appear cheaper . They look like toys ! I also bought the earrings set with the same design and I 'm so disappointed with both . :--LRB- Only the packaging is of good quality in this product.I suggest that amazon collection makes white gold of a good quality with the similar design .
 This necklace was not a bad purchase . Once I received it , I was not crazy about it . The chain had a large not in it when it arrived -LRB- 4 weeks after I ordered it -RRB- . I would not purchase this item again .
 Though the design is cool , the quality of this earrings set is poor . They are so light and the color is strikingly white , which makes them appear cheaper . I also bought the pendant with the same design and I 'm so disappointed with both . : - -LRB- I suggest that amazon collection makes white gold of a good quality with the similar design .
 Be aware , these are actually fairly heavy earrings . I find I ca n't wear them often without discomfort .
 It has a tag on it that is bigger than the charm that says Made in China . Probably worth about 3 dollars not anywhere near the listed price .
 My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set . We came across these and instantly fell in love with them . . I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later . The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful . . It was exactly what we wanted . . We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings . The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched . . I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if would n't scratch ... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy . . I guess we 'll see .
 My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set . We came across these and instantly fell in love with them . . I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later . The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful . . It was exactly what we wanted . . We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings . The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched . . I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if would n't scratch ... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy . . I guess we 'll see .
 I wanted gold studs with a screw back so that I could wear them all the time without worry . They do have screw backs , but the screw apparatus does not have a back opening for the post to pass through , so the earrings can not be made to snugly fit . Instead , they are balls on posts that stick out in front . I wanted the screw back , so I paid three times as much as similar earrings with a push back , but these do not look right . By the way , the backs in the photo are not what I received.I would love to contact the seller for different backs , however I do n't see how I can do this , as this is not one of the `` available actions '' .
 these took a long time to arrive and when they did one of the screwbacks wouldnt go on all the way and the company has been unresponsive regarding this . ca n't use just one earring so ended up being a waste of money . I wouldnt recommend !
 My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set . We came across these and instantly fell in love with them . . I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later . The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful . . It was exactly what we wanted . . We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings . The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched . . I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if would n't scratch ... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy . . I guess we 'll see .
 This is an OK looking necklace when you see it personally . I was surprised to see that the back of the pendant is open , with no gold over the back of the setting . It is merely a low quality 4 prong setting . I noticed immediately that the stone was not set tightly . Because the back is open I could literally feels the stone moving just by touching it with my finger . Even for that low price the back of the pendant should be covered in gold because I imagine that even wearing the pendant with with exposed facets of the stone might poke your neck . The company shipped this VERY fast , but that was the only redeeming quality . This will be the first and last time I order jewelry from Netaya .
 My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set . We came across these and instantly fell in love with them . . I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later . The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful . . It was exactly what we wanted . . We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings . The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched . . I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if would n't scratch ... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy . . I guess we 'll see .
 Cute at first but the silver started to peel off of mine and the maker does not respond to questions at the web site .
 THIS RING IS VERY VERY MISLEADING . UNLESS YOU LIKE TRYING TO LOOK AT IT WITH A MAGNIFYING GLASS THEN THIS IS THE ONEFOR YOU . ID SAY IT 'S PRETTY MUCH FALSE ADVERTISEMENT . THIS IS NOT WHAT YOU 'D THINK IT IS . DONT GET IT . .
 This pic makes the ring look like it 's a 2 carat diamond ! 1/10 is super tiny , so this pic is very misleading . The diamond in the photo is very large when compared to the setting , yet 1/10 of a carat would be barely 2mm x 2mm ! Not to mention the clarity is horrible and the color is n't much to brag about .
 Szul Customer Service will lie to you and overcharge you . If you do business with Szul , there 's a good chance you 'll get screwed !
 I bought this ring a couple of months ago for everyday wear . At first it was great - cute , unique , etc. . Then I noticed the latch getting snagged in EVERYTHING , from my clothes to blankets to my bag ... After a while , the very poorly made latch became bent out of shape , and now does not close properly.The ring itself is made nicely enough , and is a very cute design . However , the latch is way too pliant and easily bent . The hook on the top will get caught on any stray thread . I would not recommend this ring for everyday use - maybe as a formal or costume piece to be worn every once in a while .
 I 've wanted a poison ring for quite some time now and when I saw this one , well it was just perfect . However when it arrived , the garnet looked a little fake and the latch on the locket part was n't very tight and the locket would sometimes open therefore dumping any contents I had inside . :-LRB- . So with that in mind , I really do n't wear it as often as I would have liked to when I ordered it , but it is a beautiful ring to wear and it makes a great conversational piece .
 I have to completely and utterly disagree with the one other review of this bracelet . I bought it for my sister as a sort of last minute birthday present since it was pretty affordable . Even though this is a cheap piece of jewelry , it looks MUCH cheaper than its ~ $ 20.00 price tag . You could probably get this for a quarter out of a bubblegum machine . It looks plastic , feels plastic , probably is plastic , even though `` ITALY '' is engraved on the clasp . Please , please , do n't buy this bracelet if you do n't want to waste your money . But if you 're looking for a plastic-looking piece of jewelry , this is perfect for you .
 The photo in the ad is very misleading as to the size of the pendant and I found no where in the ad as to the size of the stone so I presumed that the size would be similar to what was pictured . The pendant is very small . The quality of the piece is otherwise good just very disappointed in the size .
 Although the pendant looked nice , it was much smaller than I thought it would be and came on a plastic chain ... so I 'm disappointed
 What a disappointment . The stones are really pink and the clasp often comes undone . Also , note the size ... they are tiny .
 The earrings were very beautiful as they came out of the box . One was perfect , the other , all the garnets were losse in their settings and two even fell out . Not very happy with them .
 As you can see by many reviewers , the stones tend to fall out of these . Very disappointing ! Amazon should not allow these to be sold anymore . Do not be tempted to buy as they are crap .
 These are pretty earrings but the first time I went to put them on , one of the stones fell out and I had to return them . They are cheaply made and I do not recommend them .
 I suppose I did n't read the description correctly , but I did think these were bigger than they were . I bought them as a gift for my grown daughter since her birthday is in Jan. and they 're a garnet stone , but they 'd probably be better as a gift for a small child . After reading the other reviews I just hope the stones - infitisimal as they are , do n't fall out .
 I bought these earrings , and the first time I took them off , a stone fell out . I glued it back in , the second time I wore them it fell out again . Lost it , so these go in the trash ! Do n't waste your money .
 I purchased these as a gift for my aunt off of her wish list . During a recent visit to her house she informed me that a stone had fallen out of one of her earrings . She had it fixed -LRB- at a large expense -RRB- then only to have more stones fall out of both pair .
 I was really disappointed ... I bought these as a Christmas present for myself . . haha I received these yesterday just in time to wear them to my office Christmas dinner/party . Got them out of the box , left one went on fine , but while putting in the right one , one of the stones fell out . Of course , as small as the stones are , took me forever to find it . Needless to say , I had to put my other earrings back on and put these back in the box :-LRB- As far as looks , I thought they were very beautiful , unfortunately I wo n't be able to wear them , first without fixing the one , and second without the fear that the other stones will ultimately fall out and be lost ... oh well .
 These earrings were pretty , however , one of the stones fell out the first time I wore them . I sent them back two weeks ago and am still waiting for a confirmation that the shipment has been received and a refund .
 I received these as a Christmas gift . One of the stones fell out . Do n't waste your money on these , instead buy earrings of better quality .
 I purchased these as a gift for my wife . She loved them , they are very pretty and dainty . However , after 3-4 uses , several of the stones popped out and we were unable to fix it . It was too late to return them , so we just threw them out . Due to the design , the earring bends a little each time you put them on or off . It 's really a shame , because they are quite nice , but , it 's only a matter of time before the stone -LRB- s -RRB- will pop out .
 The earings were nice enough when they arrived , however upon wearing them a couple of times I noticed that the earing did not ` catch ' well on one of them . It opened several times when I was out . I was always checking them to make sure they were there . Last week while out on an errand , I came home and noticed that one of them was gone . It had opened up and fallen off while i was out . They need to make sure the clasps work better .
 The earrings are pretty . However , as an owner of numerous garnets of varying shades , I can not stress enough that these will not be able to be worn with ANYTHING red . They are a very pale orange color . Maybe I got duds , but the description is completely inaccurate . They 're a clear orange color . No red undertones or anything . I 'm keeping them because they were $ 20 and it 's not worth the hassle of returning them . I 'm doubting whether they 're actually garnets , but at this point I guess I just do n't care .
 I got these as a Christmas gift for my girlfriend . I thought they 'd make a good stocking stuffer since peridot is her birthstone . However , when I recieved the pair I ordered , I immediately opened them up to make sure they were what I had ordered . One of the earrings had a missing peridot stone . I returned them as per Amazon.com 's return policy -LRB- which I must say , is extremely easy to use , painless , and hassle-free -RRB- . I recieved a replacement pair within a short period of time -LRB- still before Christmas -RRB- and checked them to see if they had all of the stones intact . Unfortunatly , the replacement pair also had a earring that was missing a peridot stone -LRB- in a different position than the last pair -RRB- . After I sent the second pair back , Amazon.com refunded my money and apologized for the problem . Good service from the company , too bad the product had flaws .
 When I first opened the package and saw the ring I noticed the outside band was pretty thick . I have a spin ring and it 's not as nearly as bulky . I think the design is pretty but I was also having a hard time spinning it . It is n't extremely true to size due to the thickness of the outside band but if you want a ring that is bulky and stands out then this is a good ring for you .
 After recieving ring in a size that was what I ordered , but , not the true size according to jewelers measurement I returned the ring for a larger size . After recieving instuctions on how to return ring I did exactly as told . When after 2 weeks and no ring or explanation from company I contacted them and was told they had not recieved the ring but , would refund my money . The total credit I recieved was for the amount of ring and original S&H ; but not the shipping I paid to send it back or the money I had to send to get the ring shipped back to me again.The emails exchange with Silver Insanity was very unprofessional , making me wonder if this company was ready to go internet with such a large market through Amazon.Will NOT order from them again .
 i thought that this ring looked pretty in the photo , but when i recieved it i was not impressed how it looked on my hand . it looks like a ring that will tarnish very easily
 I longed for these earrings for weeks , but was so disappointed when I got them . They are a nice color , but a little too large for my tastes and a bit too heavy . So sad ...
 THIS RING IS VERY VERY MISLEADING . UNLESS YOU LIKE TRYING TO LOOK AT IT WITH A MAGNIFYING GLASS THEN THIS IS THE ONEFOR YOU . ID SAY IT 'S PRETTY MUCH FALSE ADVERTISEMENT . THIS IS NOT WHAT YOU 'D THINK IT IS . DONT GET IT . .
 This pic makes the ring look like it 's a 2 carat diamond ! 1/10 is super tiny , so this pic is very misleading . The diamond in the photo is very large when compared to the setting , yet 1/10 of a carat would be barely 2mm x 2mm ! Not to mention the clarity is horrible and the color is n't much to brag about .
 Szul Customer Service will lie to you and overcharge you . If you do business with Szul , there 's a good chance you 'll get screwed !
 I picked these out months ago as a suggestion for my fiance . Online they look gorgeous , and maybe if I got a microscope they 'd look as pretty in person . I had to put them in my second hole because they looked ridiculous in the first . My fiance 's incredibly disappointed because they are non-returnable . For this price I did n't think they would be huge , but I thought they might be at least visibly discernable with the naked eye .
 OMG ... they are extremely tiny - Do not go by the picture . It is a 5-6x magnified version of whats in the box.Pretty for a 3-4 year old!If you are looking forward to seeing the 4 diamonds and the sapphire on your own `` adult '' ears even in a mirror - forget it - Not VISIBLE !
 My wife saw this and LOVED the color of the stones . She was thrilled that it came in a size she could wear.She opened it Christmas Day ... and was really disappointed in the color . It 's nearly WHITE!If she had wanted a CZ white diamond , that 's what she would have asked for.It IS very nicely made , BUT she wanted the deep , lovely blue that was shown in the ad.We are checking into sending it back .
 I ordered these earrings for my wife for Christmas . The emeralds are very , very , poor quality , do n't even look like emeralds , they are milky white , nothing like the ones represented on their web site . I contacted Fred Meyer Jewerly , explained the problem , I can return them , but I have to pay the return shipping and insurance . I feel that since the stones were so badly miss represented , that they should pay the return , but they refuse . I will never order from thenm again .
 THIS RING IS VERY VERY MISLEADING . UNLESS YOU LIKE TRYING TO LOOK AT IT WITH A MAGNIFYING GLASS THEN THIS IS THE ONEFOR YOU . ID SAY IT 'S PRETTY MUCH FALSE ADVERTISEMENT . THIS IS NOT WHAT YOU 'D THINK IT IS . DONT GET IT . .
 This pic makes the ring look like it 's a 2 carat diamond ! 1/10 is super tiny , so this pic is very misleading . The diamond in the photo is very large when compared to the setting , yet 1/10 of a carat would be barely 2mm x 2mm ! Not to mention the clarity is horrible and the color is n't much to brag about .
 Szul Customer Service will lie to you and overcharge you . If you do business with Szul , there 's a good chance you 'll get screwed !
 Sorry , but I am not impressed by this Rembrandt fleur de lis charm . Yes , it is sterling , yes , it is a good size for a charm bracelet , but it is hollow-backed , and there is no excuse for this not being solid -LRB- at least flatbacked -RRB- for the price . It is going back . Keep looking , folks , fleur de lis charms are hard to find , at least solid ones or ones that are the same front to back -LRB- as in 3-D -RRB- , even in New Orleans .
 The color of these in the photo show a nice bright blue but the actual sapphires I got were a dark grey-blue . I bought other sapphires before and know they can be slightly different color blue but these are some of the dullest looking I 've bought .
 THIS RING IS VERY VERY MISLEADING . UNLESS YOU LIKE TRYING TO LOOK AT IT WITH A MAGNIFYING GLASS THEN THIS IS THE ONEFOR YOU . ID SAY IT 'S PRETTY MUCH FALSE ADVERTISEMENT . THIS IS NOT WHAT YOU 'D THINK IT IS . DONT GET IT . .
 This pic makes the ring look like it 's a 2 carat diamond ! 1/10 is super tiny , so this pic is very misleading . The diamond in the photo is very large when compared to the setting , yet 1/10 of a carat would be barely 2mm x 2mm ! Not to mention the clarity is horrible and the color is n't much to brag about .
 Szul Customer Service will lie to you and overcharge you . If you do business with Szul , there 's a good chance you 'll get screwed !
 I did not expect much for the price , but was nevertheless disappointed.There were quite large visible inclusions -LRB- esp . in the main stone and in one of the side stones -RRB- which allowed only a few light reflections within the stones -LRB- large parts of the stones looked simply `` blind '' -RRB- . In addition , the gold ring was shaped uneven and asymmetrical.Maybe I just got a really bad one ... I would not feel comfortable giving this ring to anyone , so I returned it -LRB- bought a smaller one with cleaner stones and a whole lot more sparkle -RRB- .
 The third time I wore these earrings one of the stones fell out so now I ca n't wear them anymore . I wish they would make them better ... I really loved the size and style of these . It is too late to return them and I wo n't order another pair just to have them fall apart again .
 This ring is of OK quality . I find the sizes to run a little small . I probably would n't buy another of these .
 Bought these for myself since I like amethyst . They appear cheaply made and there is a loose stone on one of the earrings which I thankfully discovered before it was lost . Could n't recommend them based on the poor craftmanship
 These were worn * one time * and a stone dropped out of one of the settings . They have two pronged settings in sterling silver , they just are n't pressed around the gems well , no overlap to hold the gems in place.The earrings themselves are pretty . The stones are n't well matched , but for the price I did n't expect them to be . They do have good clarity and the silver shines well . The snap closures on the hoops are well made and hold together tightly.Too bad the stones do n't stay in the earrings . As it stands , it 's a waste of money to buy them and risk having a ruined piece of jewelry after one or two wears .
 These earrings are way smaller than I anticipated and two of the stones fell out as soon as I removed them from the velvet pouch . This was not a good choice on my part ... but I love everything PURPLE ! If they had cost more than I would considered returning them , but it 's not worth it .
 I found the earings too small as compared to the picture shown .
 THIS RING IS VERY VERY MISLEADING . UNLESS YOU LIKE TRYING TO LOOK AT IT WITH A MAGNIFYING GLASS THEN THIS IS THE ONEFOR YOU . ID SAY IT 'S PRETTY MUCH FALSE ADVERTISEMENT . THIS IS NOT WHAT YOU 'D THINK IT IS . DONT GET IT . .
 This pic makes the ring look like it 's a 2 carat diamond ! 1/10 is super tiny , so this pic is very misleading . The diamond in the photo is very large when compared to the setting , yet 1/10 of a carat would be barely 2mm x 2mm ! Not to mention the clarity is horrible and the color is n't much to brag about .
 Szul Customer Service will lie to you and overcharge you . If you do business with Szul , there 's a good chance you 'll get screwed !
 In my opinion , the stone was not of a high quality and did not reflect light .
 when i first get this ring is looked great . Then the citrine started to fade.It now looks like clear glass with a little color . I was heart broken.I will send it back .
 THIS RING IS VERY VERY MISLEADING . UNLESS YOU LIKE TRYING TO LOOK AT IT WITH A MAGNIFYING GLASS THEN THIS IS THE ONEFOR YOU . ID SAY IT 'S PRETTY MUCH FALSE ADVERTISEMENT . THIS IS NOT WHAT YOU 'D THINK IT IS . DONT GET IT . .
 This pic makes the ring look like it 's a 2 carat diamond ! 1/10 is super tiny , so this pic is very misleading . The diamond in the photo is very large when compared to the setting , yet 1/10 of a carat would be barely 2mm x 2mm ! Not to mention the clarity is horrible and the color is n't much to brag about .
 Szul Customer Service will lie to you and overcharge you . If you do business with Szul , there 's a good chance you 'll get screwed !
 I bought these for one simple reason
 I bought these earrings for my wife but it turns out that the studs are way too short . My wife has average-sized earlobes and has never had a problem like this before .
 I bought these earrings for my top part of my ear piercing -- they lasted about 3 days . When I first got them , they seemed nice but I immediately had problems with the post -- they were too small and needed to be bent in order for them to not fall out.The worst part was that the actual earring length . It is way too short ! I managed to catch it the first time they fell apart but that did n't happen the second time -- i spent -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks to have them for 3 days before one of them went completely missing because the post would n't stay in because the earring itself is way too short . Save yourself the time and money and go to Piercing Pagoda or another place like that to buy these studs and spend a few more bucks . I bought my first ones exactly like this from their and they lasted about 3 years . Much better quality .
 I was very disappointed in these . They look nice , but the tag -LRB- which was attached to the backing -RRB- was hard to remove and the backing bent very easy . Not worth the money , I 'm returning mine
 Lousy the backs do not fit other than that they will be fine when I find the correct backs which might be hard to find .
 I have been wearing the pair as basic studs for 2 months -LRB- not continuously -RRB- . The color on the back of one of the studs already turned from gold to brown . Normally 14K gold should n't do that . 10K gold would change color easily . Also I 'm allergic to certain metal so have to wear only gold or silver . I 'm not allergic to other 14k gold studs/earrings I have but with this one that had the color change , my ear feels pain/itchy like when I wear those cheap metal studs .
 i guess I did n't realize how small 5mm is . These are a good size for agirl , but a little small for a woman . I do n't wear particularly largeearrings , but these are very small .
 These are very small at 5mm but the big problem is the earring backs are really really small and too hard to hold on to . I wo n't be wearing them much as they are hard to fasten .
 These earrings DID NOT have the friction backs . Ordered in March and lost one within a few weeks . Found it and lost it again . Did not fit tight and only had 1 little lip to catch the back with at the very end .
 This purchase was very disappointing . Yes , the gold ball is pretty , but it measures less than 4 mm ! I did not want to spend the money returning them , so I wear them once and a while , but I am not happy about them at all . So much for trusting information on the internet . Next time I 'll buy them in a store , so I can see what size they really are .
 It turns out the metal in the stems irritates my wife 's ears . I assume that the stems must not be white gold ? Other than that they are as expected . Not perfect , but not bad for the price .
 The earrings are unwearable because the backs slip right off . There is no friction .
 The backs of these earrings do not securely fit onto the earring posts . The notches on the post that are used to secure the backs to the posts are almost non - existent . Generally , the Duragold brand of jewelry is good quality jewelry , but this particular item is worthless -LRB- functionally , at least -RRB- . I did not expect an earring to fall out and go missing the first day I wore them . They are completely useless now . I do not recommend purchasing them .
 I think these were made for children ... . I gave these as a gift to my daughter - and they were to small for her lobes ! I think they were mismarked in Amazon ... She in turn gave them to a friends daughter ... watch the labeling .
 Earrings arrived in good time BUT - watch out for the heavy duty and sticky tiny tape that they run through the opening of 1 of the earring backs . Finally got it off but the back got bent in the process . They 're so tiny but tried to fix it . I thought I had and an hour later realized that the back had come off while wearing it . Lost forever . Had to use a spare that I already had . Other than that , these are your basic ball stud earrings . WHY did you have to put that tape there ?
 Nice size , cheap price but poor quality . I have lost one of them from my left ear . I have no idea where it is now . I could buy another set but why bother ?
 It certainly would have been helpful if the length of theearring post was part of the item description.The posts were WAY too short to be comfortable and secureon adult earlobes.Fortunately , I was able to return them for a full refund .
 These were the size I wanted and they were cute but the posts were very short . It almost seems that these were children 's jewelry . Nor did the catches stay in place . I lost an earring within three days . As far as I an concerned , these are not worth purchasing due to the design of the earrings .
 Nice earrings if a bit larger and longer tip so that it goes through ear with room to spare so that it is easier to put on and so that the clip does not have to pushed into ear so that they stay . I had to take them off because it hurt .
 1st and formost I did not want to give this thing one star but page will not save unless you choose atlease 1 . This bracelet was supposed to be a Christmas gift for my mother in law . I paid $ 160 for it and was extremely disappointed when I received it . It was about to fall apart . and very cheep and fake looking . I have contacted the Company Palm Beach Jewelers and they have guaranteed me a full refund upon shipment of the product back to them . I will be shipping out this weekend and hopefully they refund me as promised.EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED : -LRB-
 I was very disappointed with this purchase they made it look 10 times bigger than the actual size they should be specific when they advertise this if it was n't for someone out of state i would have return it . He is a fairly big boy he ask what is this a braclet . . so not good at all
 This chain has a beautiful color . I put it on . I turned to answer the phone , the chain caught on a button on my blouse , and fell to the ground . I had had it on for less than 2 minutes . So much for the quality . This chain is very weak - not for daily wear .
 I did n't like this item , it 's much thinner than pictured . I 'm sending mine back and I think it 's overpriced .
 The bracelet was very nice quality , but after wearing it for only one week the clasp broke and I almost lost it .
 MADE IN ITALY.Amazon mangled -LRB- badly bent and dented -RRB- this necklace when they packed it into the presentation box . There were clips that were supposed to hold the necklace in place and they had been torqued down way too tightly on the necklace causing major crimps in the `` ribbon of gold '' !! Whoever packed it , destroyed it !! Box was cheap and bottom bowed outwards so that it did not sit flat on a table . Blue velvet looked very worn in spots . One cardboard piece inside the box had fallen off the rusty metal interior . Looked like it had been glued years ago with a hot glue gun that did n't hold . I had to throw out the box and come up with something presentable myself.Necklace is wide , but very , very thin and it gets dented very easily ! -LRB- see above -RRB- Yes , it has a nice , shiny yellow color , but it is very fragile ! Maybe that 's to be expected when buying jewelry online for a low cost ?
 This is too flimsy for most adults . I 'll probably give it to my young daughter . Recommend at least a 2mm chain . Bottom line
 This necklace was disappointing and that is putting it mildly . It is a very , very thin necklace and very delicate.It does measure 18 '' long , it is white gold as described but it is just too fragile for my tastes . I am returning it .
 I had this beautiful bracelet for 3 weeks before the clasp started to become loose . Even with the secondary clasp , it fell of at my company x-mas party -LRB- 4 weeks after purchase -RRB- and was never to be found . Someone got a very nice x-mas gift from me . I suggest that the making of the clasp be improved , and would not recommend the purchase of this item until then.Jim
 I am rather picky , but liked not only the look of these earrings on the webpage , but also the name . They were not what I was expecting when they arrived . They are okay , but not nearly what I thought they would be . They are not very sea opal-ish -- they look too glassy and transparent . The silver is also okay , but could be better . I would not recommend .
 These earrings look actually better in the pic than on your ears . The onyx is nice but they are rather flimsy because they are so light weight . I found much nicer Earrings made of onyx in JC Penney and the cost - well it was also betterI would not recommend this item . They are not worth the money .
 It 's very pretty , but the stone fell out fairly quickly and after about a month -LRB- occasional wear -RRB- , the metal between the loop and the top of the pendant bent and then broke .
 I purchased this with the understanding that it was in fact an opal . Not so . The stone is clearly costume jewelry . It is an ugly white translucent stone with barely a hint of color . Also , the stones are on hooks , NOT attached solidly with a full loop so the ` gems ' keep falling off the base with any movement . BUYER BEWARE !!!
 This ring looks like a glass ring , very basic and my normal size did not fit . Order one size up
 This order was placed as a gift for my mom , this year I was disabled from surgery and ordered 100 % online . Well this was ordered in the 1st days of December . Everything else on that order -LRB- other merchants -RRB- were received within the week while I waited and waited for someone to contact me about this gift.It was not until Amazon emailed me and said this merchant had yet to confirm the order and was not responding to emails , then I emailed the owner of this company . I received no response until finally I stated that I was going to complain , within minutes I received an email from the owners Blackberry stating only that I would receive it by Christmas Day . When I responded to him again I got no answer.I emailed him again several times as the days got closer , it finally came on Christmas Eve and just as I was afraid would happen - it looked nothing like the picture and now I had no time to do anything about it.Also for the price it didnt even come with a chain -LRB- or even a simulation -RRB- just rubber banned to the little box.I didnt bother the seller even though I was upset feeling it was the Holidays and I am not in any way a nasty person.Then a week after Christmas I got an email that my item had been shipped - NOW I get an email ? . This got me even more upset so I contacted the owner again , in a nice way explained and received a nasty email in return.I will never do business with this company again , will not be refering anyone either . I am sure they will be glad to hear this . -LRB- Although he was not good at responding to emails , somehow I am sure he will answer this review . I am telling you prospective customers , give yourself time if you order - just in case mine wasnt a one time experience -RRB- . Good Luck .
 I was disappointed in the aring . . I thought it was going to show the crystal stones better . I would not get another one nor would I tell anyone to purchase this ring
 I thought the picture looked good , but I did n't like the ring very much once I saw it in person . It 's also not very comfortable to wear .
 If this were $ 10 , it would be a good purchase as a cheap , sentimental gift for someone . Because it 's just that ; cheap . It is much smaller than expected , and it looks it comes from a dollar store .
 I ordered this based on the rave reviews . I am very sorry that I did , because it looks like is should cost $ 5 at the most . I returned it , but only received half my money back ! Do n't be taken in by these reviews -- this is a piece of junk !
 Pretty Smokey Quartz Gemstone Band .925 Sterling Silver RingThe setting prongs are high and catch on loose material . The sterling silver looks like it is sterling silver coated . Very high gloss , shallow depth . I know this is an inexpensive ring , but in person it looks even cheaper than that .
 I purchased this ring along with the same vendor 's ` adorable garnet ' ring . Both had to go back . The garnet ring was nice but the large stone was damaged in multiple spots . This ring was in excellent condition but it was just ridiculously big . The photo looks like a ring that could make a statement but not one that would be an anchor ! It was n't heavy , just cheap looking . You half expect to see mold lines up the sides of it . The prongs were also huge and unshapely . It 's a shame because it could have been really lovely had the maker simply reduced the size and taken a little more time with the details.I am hesitant to buy from this vendor again .
 I purchased this ring thinking it had been enlarged for the picture . It is huge . I wish it were smaller , although some people like goddy and pretentious . I took it out of the box it came in - a cheap scratched up foil looking thing , and as I inspected the ring , I immediately noticed two of the side stones were missing . Since the ring is huge you cant miss it . I also looked at the ring from the top and noticed that the sides stones on either side of the smokey quartz were not even . By not even I mean that it was flat on one side but had ridges on the other . The reason being is that the setting on one side does NOT match the other . One side has two arrow like structures pointing up towards the quartz and the other side has two flat bars going across . There is no excuse for sending a product this shabby to anyone . Clearly they were not paying attention to their own product . I would not buy from this company again . There policy is that I am supposed to pay return shipping to them , and enclose more money for them to send back ?? How that fair ? They should produce a product that is not sub-standard instead of putting it all on the buyer when the photos of the product did not show all sides of the ring to begin with .
 The ring purchased looked alright but the material seems to be of inferior quality as one week later , the ring broke into several pieces . I would definitely not recommend this product to anyone.Sharon
 This ring looks red , but it is not . It also looks like a solid color , again it is not . My ring in orange and transparent . I wanted this to match a red outfit , now I have a useless orange translucent ring .
 Received this ring , unlike the picture shown here at amazon the ring was more of a rusty orange color and not at all like the deep red shown in this picture . Also the customer service from Gem Avenue is terrible !
 This is a low priced diamond ring , and you get what you pay for.The diamond itself is in a fairly raised setting , but the diamond is very shallow inside of the setting . Basically , it only looks good when you are viewing it from the top . From the sides you can see how little diamond there is.The diamond I received was quite yellow in tinge , I compared it to a $ 200 diamond ring that my sister owns . Also , it lacked much of the brilliance or sparkle that I saw in the other ring . The other diamond was also much larger , which already makes up for the price different.Even for the money I was disappointed in the quality because I felt like a cubic zirconia would have been much better , as this diamond did not stand out at all .
 The product arrived damaged . I tried to call the store several times , but nobody ever answered the phone . I left a voicemail for customer service , but never received a followup call . I sent them an email as well , but again , no response . Save yourself the headache and buy another product from a more reliable store .
 I bought these earring because I had a pair that I loved which were identical that I received as a gift . The problem was that my original pair were not sterling silver so they really irritated my ears . I then found these here on eve 's addiction and ordered them because they were sterling silver but as I quickly found out they are not because they also really irritate my ears and I know for a fact sterling ones do not . If you are looking for quality earrings unfortunately these are not the right pair for you !! I wish I had not have spent the money .
 I wanted a reasonably priced CZ princess stud earring that would n't turn my ear green . Eve 's Addiction products are dependable and durable , but they were HUGE . I mean almost 2 carats each . They should really specify the size because i would n't of thought they would be so over-the-top big . So now they 'll be costume jewelry or given away .
 THE RING IS VERY PRETTY WELL MADE , HOWEVER THE ONYX SET MUCH MUCH SMALLERTHAN I THOUGH IT WOULD BE !!!
 THE RING IS VERY PRETTY WELL MADE , HOWEVER THE ONYX SET MUCH MUCH SMALLERTHAN I THOUGH IT WOULD BE !!!
 If the color of this stone is just as pictured on the web , this is NOT a London Blue Topaz , which is a much deeper color and has more value than that of other topaz colors .
 The metal that was used for this necklace looks cheap and left stains on my skin . I returned the product immediately but I have not received my refund yet after a month .
 i thought this was going to be a nice dainty necklace that i would be able to wear with many different outfits . however , when i received it , it was much `` clunkier '' than i had expected . it feels like it weighs a ton on y neck . it 's very over the top and flashy and the metal is very cheap and has broken .
 even though product was very inexpensive , product showed up at my house broken and falling apart . not a good value at all .
 This Libra pendant was small and very light weight . I returned it because it seemed very juvenile and not what I expected .
 THE RING IS VERY PRETTY WELL MADE , HOWEVER THE ONYX SET MUCH MUCH SMALLERTHAN I THOUGH IT WOULD BE !!!
 THE RING IS VERY PRETTY WELL MADE , HOWEVER THE ONYX SET MUCH MUCH SMALLERTHAN I THOUGH IT WOULD BE !!!
 THE RING IS VERY PRETTY WELL MADE , HOWEVER THE ONYX SET MUCH MUCH SMALLERTHAN I THOUGH IT WOULD BE !!!
 Typically everything I purchase from Amazon I have been extremely happy with and I rely much on other customer reviews . I have been eyeballing this bracelet for some time now . After debating I decided to go ahead and order it . First off it smells AWFUL ! I ca n't even describe the smell but it smells toxic and like something you should n't be putting anywhere near/on your skin . The wooden clasp was all sorts of chipped , uneven and had sharp splinters sticking out all over . Does anyone do a check before sending out defective merchandise ???? AND the way the strings of beads are held together from the looks of it I could have made this bracelet myself . The strings were tied and cut way too short and are on the verge of unraveling probably on the first wear . Definitely disappointed because it looked like it would be a piece that would spruce up a would be plain outfit . Do yourself a favor and save your $ 10 . Maybe I got a lemon ? But I highly doubt it.Hope this helps someone debating on whether or not to purchase .
 I hate giving two stars to a religious item , but i bought 5 of these thinking I would give them to some of my grandkids . I wore one for a month , it started to wear where the cross touched my body . I am totally surprised and decided not to give them out . I recommend finding a solid gold cross , something with real value .
 The silver overlay is peeling off upon opening the item . My daughter loves the design so much , she does n't want me to return it .
 THE RING IS VERY PRETTY WELL MADE , HOWEVER THE ONYX SET MUCH MUCH SMALLERTHAN I THOUGH IT WOULD BE !!!
 Very pretty and comfortable but the toggle is not a good fit and it falls off my wrist . I have many toggle type bracelts and this is the only one I can not wear . If it had n't fallen off where it was noticeable I would have lost it . So now it sits in my jewelry box and can not be worn . Very disappointing that I will have to pay to have it made to fasten securely or just quit wearing it . Bummer !
 The ring is really cute and it feels sturdy enough . But I ordered a size 8 so that I could wear it on my middle finger , and it barely fits my ring finger , -LRB- which means it is on the small side of a size 7 -RRB- . Maybe they just sent me the wrong size , -LRB- though the invoice says &#34; 8 &#34; -RRB- , but if this is indeed what they consider an 8 , then they have a faulty measuring tape!I 'm going to keep it anyway , but I 'm kind of disappointed .
 When the bracelet arrived , rhinestones had already fallen out of the bracelet and were in the unopened package ! When we took it out of the package , even more rhinestones fell off the bracelet . We were unable to even put the rhinestones back on the bracelet . Very , very cheap looking . Will not use and it is not worth sending back because of having to pay the postage to receive it and pay the postage to return it .
 When I opened the package this was packed in a dollar store little kids princess package!This is dime store garbage !! WHAT a RIPOFF !!
 What a piece of crap . The majority of rhinestones fell off the first time my wife wore the bracelet . Would not recommend it . It is cheap .
 THE RING IS VERY PRETTY WELL MADE , HOWEVER THE ONYX SET MUCH MUCH SMALLERTHAN I THOUGH IT WOULD BE !!!
 Just got my order today and was disappointed . They shipped the box with a bag in it but no charm . How do you mess that order up ? How do you stick a bag in a box without the charm inside ??
 This charm looks pretty straight from the box , but that 's about it . The day after I got it , the clasp broke and the `` abalone shell '' had a deep scratch in it , just from doing laundry . I would not recommend that anyone else buy this .
 I was surprised at how small this charm was . The photo is very much enlarged and the dimensions are not mentioed . For the price , the piece should have been larger . The details are very nice but the size is wrong .
 THE RING IS VERY PRETTY WELL MADE , HOWEVER THE ONYX SET MUCH MUCH SMALLERTHAN I THOUGH IT WOULD BE !!!
 I bought this pendant around Xmas and I was quite disappointed when I received it . It was poorly constructed.The Black Onyx is stuck on with glue to a base made of silver . The first fault I noticed was a crooked cross . This was because the Black Onyx was n't aligned properly when it was stuck to its silver base . Traces of glue were left stuck on the sides of the Black Onyx which I had to clean off . The silver at the back also had some stain spots . It looks much better on the net than it does in real life . It was it bit embracing to give this cross as a gift hoping the person did n't recognise the faults which were quite obvious to me .
 I loved this cross its beautiful . But after 2 days of wear one of the onyx bars fell out . All I did was wear it and it fell out . Which tells me it was made very badly . For beauty I 'd rate this cross a 5 out of 5 . But overall because of poor craftsmenship I have to rate this a 1 . I wish this was a better made product because I really do love it . I hope this helps someone to not waste their money unless they plan on only displaying it and not wearing it .
 this is the second black onyx pendant that i have odered . the first one was a beautiful 5 star item . my son misplaced it so we ordered it again because it was such a nice cross . this time it was very poor quality or else just a faulty item . two parts of the black onyx fell off the cross.i would like to have it replaced if possible . patty wade
 The cross is very nice , but larger than expected . I 'm looking for an extremely small cross . Beware the chain clasp . The ring end was bent -LRB- received that way -RRB- to fit through the bail on the back of the cross and would n't slide on the clasp end for security .
 I was excited to give this as a gift to my girlfriend for Christmas . When I looked at the necklace that I had received , I could not believe they would ship something so black and tarnished . I do n't know how there are so many positive reviews on here , the piece I received was complete junk.Update
 I bought this chain for a pendant I made for my girlfriend . The clasp came apart from the jump ring the first night . Also , her hair keeps getting stuck in the links . This is a snake chain which should be very tightly linked . Altogether I found this to be pretty and shiny , but rather thin and flimsy , and the clasp is so tiny that it is hard for anyone to use unless they have very nimble fingers . I went to a local department store and purchased another one that was higher quality for the same price as this one . I will use this at another time after fixing it , because I do n't want to pay return shipping .
 I like the look of this chain but had to return , it was yanking my hair out in chunks within 15 minutes of putting it on . Would never buy again .
 I purchased the sterling silver 1mm chain 18 inches . I thought that since it was stated that it was sterling silver it was a good piece of jewelry . I recieved the chain and wore it for about 4 hours and it changed colors . This chain shines and sparkles but it is not worth nothing . I advise anyone not to invest in this product .
 I was disappointed in this chain . I actually ordered two , one 18 inch and one 20 inch , but sent them both back . They were sturdy but the silver was almost unnaturally bright for sterling . It looked fake and did not match the sterling pendant I wanted to put on it . I almost kept them because of the awesome price just to see if they developed somewhat of a patina , but in the end decided to return them . Of course , with Amazon , returning was a breeze !
 After a week of wear this chain turned , tried to clean it with a jewelry cloth , no luck . If I can kept the reciept would be returning this !
 I would highly recommend that you dont spring for a supposedly sterling silver chain in the hopes that it will not &#34; turn &#34; like cheap stuff does . My 13 year old has been wearing this chain since october , and it is now turning brownish-orange . Id say its not nearly as pure as advertised because sterling doesnt change colors . It looks , for all intents , like plating is coming off . Steer clear , or just buy the plated if you want , and save the money for &#34; pure sterling &#34; if your considering buying this chain .
 This chain is beautiful and fit my pendant that I received for my anniversary but this chain grabs my hair . I ca n't feel any rough areas on it but it will grab and wind pieces of my hair around itself , maybe mine is defective ? even though I do n't see anything . I ended up using a different chain because I could n't stand having my hair pulled all the time . My hair seems to wrap around near the clasp . This is OK for an occasional wear but I find it unacceptable for daily wear .
 i bought three types of thisand all came in RUSTi wonder what kind of silver was usedi am a faithful customer on amazon and i wonder why i should be treated like thisi know i can return these but i ordered for an occasion made so much noise and now see what i have
 I really liked it when I received it . However , after wearing it for a few days , the part of the chain that was closest to my neck discolored . I have never experienced that with other silver chains . I had diffulculty cleaning it with silver polish and that area is nowhere as shiny as the rest of the chain . I would not purchase this again .
 The length of the necklace is perfect . The clasp is fine . My objection is that it looks a lot more sturdy in the photo than it actually is . Very fine and wimpy looking chain . Will notn order from here again .
 The chain would have been nice but it arrived tarnished . Have n't decided if I will try to clean it or send it back
 I thought I ordered a longer chain and it 's too short so I ca n't use it . I 'm not sure how to return it .
 this chain it 's too bad , the material it ` s not good , is black in some places , very upset with this product . not recommend
 Length :
 This is a follow up to the very positive review I gave this necklace about 11/2 weeks ago . Well , this morning after a very easy turn of the chain to move the clasp to the back of my neck , the chain just snapped apart , not at the clasp but just in the middle of the chain , like someone had just cut it with scissors . It is a shame because it looks really nice but now I am out the money and no chain . Very disappointed . Had not had it even 2 weeks .
 I purchased two chains for my 2 granddaughters . I was very disappointed with the chains when they arrived . They were very tarnished , and I had to polish them before they were useable . I was also disappointed because the texture of the chains was quite rough . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I 'm so disappointed in this necklace . When it arrived it was absolutely gorgeous , very bright and appeared well made . It broke after only two months of normal daily wear . I will be contacting the seller about a refund , and will update my review if and when appropriate .
 I started using this chain around May 21st . Today , August 25th , just over 3 months later , the chain broke . The chain received no abuse whatsoever other than daily use , and it was never mishandled -LRB- bent , yanked , etc. -RRB- . Such a disappointment and waste of money . A good chain should last more than a few months !
 I bought this chain to go with a locket for my mother for Christmas . It was very pretty when it arrived , after a month she had to stop wearing becaue the color started to turn on her neck . ITS JUNK !!!!
 Found black tarnish on the clasp and all over the chain right out the box . Seems to confirm the fact that this is not real .925 sterling silver .
 I did not receive a 3 inch gold extender when I ordered this ... . I received a 2.5 inch cheap looking silver extender that did not have a ball on the end . The item number on the box and the item number on the packing slip matched the item number on the Amazon.com webpage for the gold extender ... . I e-mailed Palm Beach and when I had not received a responce by the next afternoon I called them -LRB- I needed the extender for an event in 4 days -RRB- . The customer service representative told me they were out of the gold extenders , said they were on backorder . I have a 3 inch silver extender with the ball on the end from Palm Beach and like it , if I had received another silver extender like that I would have not complained , I received a piece of junk from Palm Beach.Update ... I emailed Palm Beach about the wrong item and they said they were sending me a gold necklace extender . Today I received yet ANOTHER silver necklace extender with the item number 44139 on the box and with the packing slip saying it was item 44139 the gold necklace extender . The wrong item I received today is the silver necklace extender with the ball on the end -LRB- the same style as the the gold I ordered -RRB- ... I like this silver extender and have ordered a gold extender from another company on Amazon .
 I ordered this as part of a birthday gift . Was disappointed when it arrived with one of the sapphire stones missing , so had to send it back for a replacement . It was also a smaller charm than I 'd expected . The replacement arrived in good order and via overnight delivery . Amazon directed me to order that overnight service and promised reimbursement for that service , but I have yet to see reimbursement .
 It looked so cheap I didnt bother giving it . I was going to give it for a charms braclet my wife has since it looks cute , but it looks so cheap in real life that I 'll just bin it .
 The turtle arrived without one of the stones on the back of the turtle . Tried to find it in the sack , but w/o success . As it was to be a gift to be presented next days , was very disappointed .
 I scratched my neck RAW wearing this . It turned black INSTANTLY and could NOT be polished . The worst piece of jewelry I have ever owned ! I could n't wear it more than one day without my neck being on fire with hives .
 I bought this necklace because I thought it was pretty and it had a great price . Well ... when I opened the package I was very disappointed . It looked cheap and tacky up close and personal . Heck , it did n't look good from far away either . It was definitely not worth what I paid for it so I sent it back asap .
 Bought this as bridesmaids gifts and had to return this item . Item more suited for a child . Pendant ok but chain thin and of poor quality .
 When I opened this I absolutely loved the charm , it was exactly what I was looking for . The chain was of very poor quality , thin and really flimsy . I decided to go ahead and wear it this week and get a new chain over the weekend . The chain broke on second wear and pendant was lost . It was very disappointing .
 I hate to give bad reviews , but I feel like I need to warn others . One of the rocks/beads fell off shortly after I got it . I 'm sorry to say , it just was n't what I expected .
 Photo is better than the product ; the cheap beads chafed my neck . The seller was very professional and quick responding with a full refund .
 The piece hanging off of the necklace had already fallen off when I received , clasp broke and I never even got to wear it . Guess you get what you pay for .
 I ordered this ring about three and a half months ago , and after wearing it nearly everyday , it recently broke literally in half -LRB- so now I have to `` C '' shaped pieces -RRB- . I was taking it off , it fell on a hard surface from about two feet and cracked on the weld located directly opposite the snake `` head '' part . I was never excessively rough with the ring , so it had to be craftsmanship . Also noticed was that the silver plating had begun to come off rather quickly around the edges of the ring , and it turned black . The plating wearing off was n't too bad looking but I was rather dissapionted when it broke in half in a situation were most rings would leave unscathed . I am giving it a two because it looks good and feels heavy , but is simply made to a standard not fit for everyday use . I would only recommend it to people looking to use it casually , once or twice a week . Otherwise , it will break , it is not a ring to wear everyday .
 Simply said the ring fell apart after a month 's time . Felt it was poor quality espcially after stones were lost .
 Regretfully , the first time I wore this ring was in December , which is beyond the return window . The first time I wore it , I looked down as I was leaving home & noticed there was a stone missing from the setting . The prongs on the ring were not pushed down very well on any of the settings . Once I noticed the missing stone , I adjusted all the other prongs .
 ring broke in 3 days . dealer contacted me because of negative feedback . told me `` let us know when you remove your negative feedback so we can issue a refund . '' told them if I had to recant in order to get my duly owed refund they could keep my money and I would let everyone know what bad service they had .
 It so happened I clapped my hands together one time on the first occasion that I wore it , and the ring fell off my finger , broken in 3 pieces . : - -LRB-
 The ring was nice when I first bought it and it lasted a while , about 3-6 weeks back in 2007 . I did n't think of updating this review to include that it shattered while I was grabbing onto a metal pole while on the bus and one of the pieces jammed into my finger , causing me to bleed . If this had been a major incident I would have been pushing a lawsuit for a faulty product . I wasted 10 dollars on this product and chalk it up to another faulty Internet product . Do NOT buy this product . Surf around and pick something else .
 First of all , I was prepared for the ring to be a lighter shade of blue than that pictured . I was warned by several other reviewers that the shade is less than would be expected , AND they were right on the money . The stones in this ring are barely blue , and really not very pretty . It looks cheap and I would agree with one other reviewer who stated that it would have been better to have 5 slightly larger stones instead of the 7 smaller ones . It spans too far across the finger and the sizing does seem to be slightly smaller than the size stated . Save your money for something better . Even at half price , which is what I paid , it was not worth the money .
 The color of the ring was not as pictured , hint of the palest blue . The sizing is a bit smaller than anticipated and it seems that the stone side is more flat instead of round . It probably would have been more flattering to have 5 stones and a more circular appearance.It still stacks and is not that bad for the price
 Day 3 of wearing this ring
 cheap cheap cheaply made . and the stones are definately NOT blue , more like a dull gray
 I ordered the Blue Topaz 7-Stone Ring . I got a cubic zirconia type stone ... It was NOT blue . I do n't like the white stone and did n't order it .
 The bracelet I received does n't even have a clasp on it . It 's a cheap stretch bracelet ! I just realized it looking for another coral bracelet ! Is this even real coral ? I 'm going to find out !
 In the US , pearl is the color for lung cancer . Gold is the color for childhood cancer .
 Received the item -LRB- ordered it for Christmas but it didnt ship till 1/12 -RRB- . When I finally got it , one of the black sections on the cross was missing . The customer service people were no help and gave me the impression I was interrupting their social life -LRB- Called twice to get another operator -RRB- . I 'm sending the item back today -LRB- had to pay for shipping , no UPS return label available -RRB- . Overall , dissatisfied with the seller , west palm beach jewelry . Item was nice for the price but hard to read the lords prayer -LRB- looks like its there though -RRB- .
 I expected so much more from this necklace . I gave it as a Christmas gift and you have to have it tilted at just the right light to read part of it and then tilt it again to read the other parts . My friend has worn it once . Very embarrased .
 i all ready told taht i think Lord 's Prayer Sterling Silver Cross Pendant that i got was no good the chain fell apart the first time my wife put it on and you chould not see the Lord 's Prayer in it i also told you that i will not be sending it back because the whole thing is not wearth it and i will never buy any thing else from you thank 's for nothing.all your items are junk .
 The tag attached to this `` Jumbo Rusty Chain '' says it is `` OVER 6 feet long '' but when I received them in the mail , they are not over six feet at all ... . they are n't even close . I would say they are close to FOUR feet , if that . So beware if you are looking for a longer chain . If I were Buycostume -LRB- the Seller -RRB- ... . I would contact their Chinese suppliers and have them either lengthen the chain when they make them or change the tag attached to read correctly . Thanks .
 I got my nose pierced back in May , and found out that I have a sensitivity to medal , so when I found out that plastic works for me I ordered this , I 'm sure that other customer 's found this product comfortable , but for me I did not it was extremely hard to get in , from the picture I did n't realize that the top was metal I thought it was all plastic with a jewel on top . I tried it anyways thinking that okay the plastic will be inside and metal on the outside and bam ... my nose had a reaction . So for those who have a metal sensitivity this is not the nose ring for you.I hope this review is helpful for those that love the look of a nose piercing , but cant do metal .
 When the nose screw came I absolutely loved how it looked ! However when I tried to put it in , the end of the plastic screw was very scratchy and painful -LRB- enough to make my nose start bleeding from the tiny scrapes it gave me -RRB- . I could n't even get it in vey far without getting scraped . When I looked closer I saw that there was some scratchy plastic poking up out of the end . I even tried filing it down but it did n't help . It is such a shame because I really liked the looks of the cone but I can never actually wear it . This was my first time getting a bioplast nose screw but I think in the future I will stick to metal screws .
 The San Marco bracelet was very pretty and well made . However , I did return it because I thought the sapphire stones looked too black . In fact , the stones did n't look blue at all , even in bright sunlight .
 I ended up returning this immediately after receiving it . Chain was not length described and the pendant was TINY . I did n't order this , but it was a gift , but we both agreed it was n't worth what was paid . I think it would be beautiful for a child ... but quite small for an adult .
 Hi ... I had this lady bug charm added to my bracelet ... all of the enamel has chipped off like bad nail polish - thoroughly disappointing , do n't waste your money !
 Got this in the mail 4 days after ordering it . The picture is false . Shows 4 pink ribbons but only came with 3 . The first day I put it on a charm fell off , thankfully I found it and had to tighten it on . Looks really cheap . The shipping came in fast , but wish I did n't waste money for two of them plus shipping .
 Charms fall off easyPlasticDoes not stretch wellbeads very tightly spacedcharms do not hang nicely must be pushed into place
 Although this is a cute bracelet it looks like a little kid made it . It is very cheaply made and it feels like I 'm going to break it when i stretch it to put it on . Not very happy with this product !
 Looks pretty in the picture and when received , but it is stiff and was not possible to position it so it did n't look twisted when being worn . Maybe I received something defective ? I returned it .
 Beware - I wanted , needed and ordered what I thought were going to be `` Pink '' wristbands , but half my order was `` White '' . I reviewed my order confirmation which said `` Pink . '' I contacted the seller and they told me too bad they ship what ever they have in stock to keep their prices down . You get what they send , no returns . This product should state set of 2 , Pink ribbon embroidered Cloth wristbands , Pink and/or White .
 We ordered these arm bands for my son who wanted pink . He received white . As listing notes that he will receive a mixed assortment , we assumed at least one would be pink . Contacted the seller who insisted that the listing was accurate with what we received . Buyer beware of this seller .
 I needed something to add to my order to qualify for the free shipping , and thought this was a cute bracelet . From the image you would think that the bracelet was a rosy or amberish shade . What I got was gray and looks like it was produced from used materials . It just looks dirty -LRB- in need of a good scrubbing -RRB- . I kept it only because it was n't * super * expensive , and I did n't want to go to the aggravation of trying to return it for a refund .
 Although the bracelet is embedded with glitter , the resin is a poor quality . It 's a bit dull . Mine was very scatched when it arrived , and even has a small chip missing from the edge .
 I never received this product , it got lose in the mail according to USPS and the bracelet company . I am very upset because I really wanted this bracelet .
 These earrings are cute , but the sox both face the same direction . That means that the pair of sox on your left ear faces backwards . And there is no way to make them face forwards . The sox should have been cut out as opposites , rather than identical .
 This review is not about the product -LRB- I have not received it yet -RRB- but about the Amazon service itself.When saying I have not received it yet , I am not entirelly correct . I did received the box , with the jewelry box inside . The problem was that when I opened the jewelry box , there was nothing inside ! That is correct , it was empty ! My guess is someone in the wharehouses took it from the box before shipping it , but I will never know ... The worst thing was that this was supposed to be a gift for my wife for Christmas.Now , the Amazon service was kind enough to try to re-send it as soon as they could , but it will not arrive before tommorrow , which is Dec. 27 , way after Christmas ! Hope THAT box will have something inside -LRB- do n't hold my breath though -RRB- . Arrrrrgh !
 My sister purchased this ring for my XX birthday.I absolutely hated it and asked her to return it . She returned the ring and after SEVERAL WEEKS noticed that her credit card had n't been credited for the return.She contacted this company and they told her that they had n't received the ring . My sister then proceeded to give the rep. The tracking number that showed that the ring was indeed signed for and received by Palmbeach Jewelry SEVERAL WEEKS ago.She was told to give it another week maybe by then it would be entered into the ` system ' as being returned.Sis waited that one week.This time she received a phone call from someone in their accounts department who told her she needed documentation showing that the ring was shipped and received by Palmbeach Jewelry.My sister as well as the USPS faxed over the ` evidence ' . You would think that this would be sufficient for this G-d awful company right ??? NO ! Palmbeach Jewelry wanted more information , blood and a right arm!My sister told Palmbeach Jewelry that she was n't going to submit anything further , this was now an internal issue and that she will just contact her credit card company to dispute the charge and file a complaint with the BBB.The Palmbeach Jewelry rep had the sheer gall to tell my sister that if she filed a complaint and disputed the charges she would never be able to shop with Palmbeach Jewelry again -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- LOL -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- Two weeks later a refund was issued.BEWARE !!! Read their reviews and check what others are saying about return issues.My sister made this purchase at PalmbeachJewelry.com not Amazon.One thing I can say about Amazon is they do n't mess around when it comes to customer satisfaction . If my sister would 've purchased through Amazon , I believe the matter would 've been resolved IMMEDIATELY !
 The bracelet is okay . It is n't as shiny as the one pictured in the photo . I guess I got $ 5 worth . It did arrive in a reasonable amount of time .
 Very disappointed . Coral came off the post and was lost . Waist of money
 I received this bracelet for Christmas last year , and wore it constantly . It is small , but very pretty . A couple of weeks ago I noticed it was GONE from my wrist . I had not snagged it on anything , I do n't do any physical activities , and I was SO SAD it was gone . I tried to contact Amazon with NO RETURNED PHONE CALLS ! I believe the gold is so thin/chintzy that the bracelet simply wo n't last . I expect better quality for this money . I 've had $ 50 bracelets last for YEARS with no problems at all .10 k White Gold Diamond Heart Tennis Bracelet -LRB- 1/2 cttw -RRB-
 The description says that the length of this bracelet is 7 inches when in reality it is barely 6 . That extra inch makes a huge difference as the bracelet will not fit an adult or even a teenager . Save your money and look elsewhere .
 The product look great in the photo , but when it arrived I was sorely disappointed . It looked and felt cheap . Worst item I have received so far . Would love to return it but how?Fadora
 I bought this anklet to take on a beach vacation this winter . It arrived promptly and in new condition . It is a little too yellow for my usual taste of yellow gold -LRB- hopefully that makes sense to some -RRB- . It looks quite nice , but is very thin - a great ankelt if you want to make a subtle statement . I only give it two stars because I started to wear it immediately and after only two or three days , I somehow managed to catch it on my shoe and when I went to pull my shoe off the anklet broke . I am not a very strong person , so it did not take much . I did not contact the seller because I do not see this as their fault . If you are looking for a subtle , delicate , yellow gold anklet I do recommend this , but only if worn with care and caution .
 The cross itself is very pretty , but unfortunately the hoop broke off just days after being worn for the first time . It did n't take much effort at all , I just accidentally dropped it on some grass and the hoop broke off , so now I have no way of wearing it . It 's very cheaply made , but the design is very nice , and there 's no denying that 's a beautiful piece of jewelry . Buy at your own risk .
 not what i expected ... i will have to resell it , and trust me , I will get my moneys worth . this is baby jewelry ... I have far better CZ jewelry . Never again , once taken , forever shy ...
 so sad ... after a very sloooow shipping process I was so happy to receive the ring ... or so I thought . This ring is far more expensive than other silver rings I 've bought from this seller but I thought the stone would make it worth it ... WRONG ! The stone is very large and fake/cheap looking and it was set like the leaning tower of pisa very crooked also the setting protrudes way off the ring adding to that cheap costume jewelry look you ca n't tell by the the picture WHAT A SHAME the tag said &#34; made in thailand &#34; they should have added &#34; with their feet &#34; A LONG WAIT FOR GARBAGE not to mention the size is wrong I compared it to other and its one size smaller ?
 I ordered this pendant about two weeks ago choosing free shipping . It arrived on Fri. . Sept. 17th . The item was well packaged and the box was undamaged . As I opened the box I began to notice problems . The snake chain and pendant were in separate zip lock bags . When I opened the bag with the chain , a short length of very small jump rings fell on the floor . This was obviously an `` adjuster chain '' to vary the length of the snake chain . I carefully examined it and found no separations or broken links . So whoever packaged it just threw them in together . I then noticed that the snake chain had been crushed several inches from one end , causing an irreparable kink.I then examined the pendant itself . The setting was cast silver and the stone was not bezel set but rather cut to the size of the casting and glued in place -LRB- like an inlay -RRB- . The stone had been poorly cut . leaving a gap at the top , and it had the lower left corner cut off , thus leaving another gap . The bale was crooked , listing about 10 degrees to the right . And finally , while the piece had been advertised as red tiger eye , it was not . It was common golden tiger eye with two tiny red stripes near the center . I 'm not naive , I know that this is a factory piece and is at a low price point . I liked the overall design of the pendant and would have kept it as a gold tiger eye if there had n't been so many quality problems . As a result , I returned it .
 This bracelet is n't what is shown in the picture . It is flat , and shinny , not as shown ! You would think they could have used a better photo !
 I loved the bracelet until the pearl fell off ! I had my husband put the pearl back on and again it fell off and this time I was in Arizona on vacation and never did find the pearl ! I would not and will not buy nor recommend this product to anyone with the lack of quality I experienced with this purchase !
 I bought these as a goldbox offering - for ~ $ 70 . Akoya pearls are so beautiful and the rich sheen is gorgeous on . IF the pearls I got were Akoyas , they were bottom quality . I pulled out a pair of everyday pearls bought at Costco and the color -LRB- blush versus flat ivory -RRB- and quality -LRB- depth of shine and perfectly round shape -RRB- of the pearl was far superior to the Amazon pearls . I have returned them ... and are waiting to see if they give me a full refund . Beware , Amazon DID charge me return postage and handling ... Usually the Amazon jewelry is great quality and value ... but not these.I 'd give these a miss if I were you .
 In good lighting from even a couple feet away there are very obvious visible flaws . The shade of the pearls is pretty . Paid $ 17 for them , and reviewing them as if they cost $ 17 . They are going in the garbage . I would love to return them ... I have managed to lose both the flimsy fasteners in not even ten minutes time . The rod that goes through the ear ... whatever that is called is notched , so a decent amount of force sometimes has to be applied to remove the fasteners at which point they go flying . The box they came with is quite nice for $ 17 . I really do n't know pearls all that well , but I do understand jewellery . I do n't know what they are smoking if they think these are worth $ 75 . I am not at all pleased at $ 17 , and wish I could return them , though I 've lost the fasteners . Amazon has quite a nice selection of jewellery , but maybe pearls are one of those things that just must be bought in person .
 THE BRACELET IS VERY PRETTY , BUT IS NOT AS THICK AS PICTURED . ITS PIC MAKES IT LOOK STURDIER BUT IT IS ACTUALLY VERY DAINTY .
 When I got this item , the clasp on the pearl seemed like it was going to open and the pearl fall off . the chain seemed very flimsy . It took my about 10 minutes just to untagle the chain . The pearl itself was nice and that is why i gave it 2 stars not 1 . I returned it cuz it wasnt worth it .
 I THOUGHT THEY HAD SENT ME THE WRONG BRACELET-THE LEATHER WAS A DIFFERENT COLOR AND TEXTURE FROM ONLINE PICTURE AND THE PEARLS ARE SOOOO SMALL-THE WHOLE THING LOOKS LIKE IT WAS MADE FOR A 6 YR . OLD.I 'M SO DISSAPOINTED.IS NOT WORTH THE MONEY .
 After a few weeks of wear , it turned colors . The yellow part turned a brownish color . Disgusting !!! Needless to say I got about 3 weeks use out of it !
 Tried to clean just three tarnished silver 1-oz bars with this Ultrasonic Cleaner . It buzzes really well . Warms the water just fine . But that is it . Even added the specified jeweler cleaner . A few bubbles formed . Tried no less than EIGHT full length cycles . Do n't waste your money .
 The process was fine , I am having trouble returning the incorrect charm I received instead of this Artistic Hearts charm . I have no idea what the item number is of the one I received in error . It appears to be a man with black hair wearing a red -LRB- wife beater -RRB- t-shirt - maybe holding a trophy ?
 I was looking forward to wearing this necklace but it came as a disappointment . It is simply cheap material and cheaply made .
 The order arrived 3 days later than the latest delivery estimate . The Pearls themselves are small and dull , and both the bracelet and the necklace are small and fragile . They do n't even come in a nice box or any box at all for that matter . I would not buy this set from this seller again . I am currently trying to decide whether I will even give this as a gift at all -LRB- as it might make me look really chintzy just like the pearls -RRB- or should just send it back for a refund -LRB- unfortunately it is mere days till xmas so I think I might be stuck -RRB- .
 I purchased this ring as a surprise for my wife when I thought it would look perfect in a set next to her more expensive engagement ring . On Wednesday , she got home before I did thanks to UPS ; the Cat was out of the bag ! She liked the ring so much ; she had it on when I got home . The following morning , wife calls and tells me when she got to work that one of the 5 tiny stones was missing . Sure enough , upon close inspection , I was rather surprised by flawed design of defective support structure inadequate hold the stones in place by wedging a round-shaped object between a flat surface on the one end and a single prong on opposite side of stone . Here is the Top View of the ring -LRB- SCALE 2:1 -RRB- , the O 's represent each stone and support structure , where X marks the location of missing stone ... | x > < O > < O > < O > < O | All we could do is count our good fortune that we were not planning to use it in wedding ceremony .
 Two of the stones were damaged . One had a crack in the middle , and the other stone had a huge chip . I was not worried about getting a perfect ring for such a low price , but the ring was described as having a `` very good cut '' , and the truth was far from it . Maybe I was just unlucky .
 You get what you pay for in a cheap ring . These stones are very milky , white appearing and do n't sparkle much -- I guess that is what J-K means . The shipping was fast and packing good . There is a prong on either end of the ring that catches on things . I did n't notice when I purchased but after putting on I noticed right away and it concerned me that I may scratch my kids with it . My husband called the ring `` gaudy '' . I plan on returning it . It might work for you if you just want a diamond ring and do n't care if the stones are milky because it is a really , really good price .
 I really love this because it looks pretty in the light with the `` pearlized '' style ... however ... after eating and brushing your teeth the pearl like stuff comes off and its just clear . The same goes for the colored ones like this ... I put the red one in this morning and now its just plain red with no different color ... kinda sucks
 I bought these for a gift and was surprised to find them much smaller than I expected . Plus , the links were pretty shabily made -LRB- you can see the seam and the links are n't smooth -- they almost look coated -RRB- . I was pretty disappointed . I 've bought several other things from SilverSpeck which were much nicer and much better made , for a lot less money . Alas , I 'm returning these . On a plus note - when I called SilverSpeck to return them -LRB- even tho more than 30 days had passed -RRB- - the guy was very helpful and just told me to send in the exchange info . Kudos on the customer service !
 I expected to receive a similar product to what I had purchased in the past . A small heart birth month stone slightly raised . Instead it is a small cheap piece of plastic with a huge flaw in it glued to the link.I bought it in advance of our 2nd daughters birth , and originally bought the December stone which was twice as nice as November . I am highly disappointed with what was sent.What can you expect for $ 10 I guess .
 I was so disappointed in these earrings . Only one earring looked like an elephant , the other just looked like a blob of silver . I bought them as a gift and refused to give them as one . I would recommend NOT buying these at all .
 I bought these earrings as a soon-to-be Xmas gift for my sister in law who love elephants . When I FINALLY received the earrings , one of them was all distorted . I 'm not going to give them to her because if I were her , I would n't wear them . Money def not well spent ...
 I bought these earrings as a gift for a friend and she loved them . Being sterling silver , they do n't bother her ears at all . She loves all things elephant ! Such a good price too !
 I was disappointed with this purchase . The turquoise bits turned out much smaller than expected , and the earrings turned out longer.One of the turquoise pieces was larger than the other , resulting in uneven size between the right and the left.Didn ' t turn out as well as pictured .
 Trumpet was pretty nice , although really small . Was going to send item back but did n't want to have to pay restocking fee and shipping charges . Item did not come with little silver attachment for attaching the charm to necklace so is of no use . Wasted my money .
 I thought this tongue ring was quite attractive and unsual so I bought it . It is however notvery practical to wear . The studs on the top are rough and cut the palette . It can not be worn for extended periods of time because it is uncomfortable . I would not recommend this product
 I was not satisfied . The pendant was alot smaller then I expected . I had to return it . They were very nice about it and gave me no hassels
 I guess I should 've known better for the price , $ 6 i think for a sterling silver ankle bracelet ... not good . I shouldve waited and spent the extra money for something good . The seller was great and everything came fast and whatnot but i KID YOU NOT , this bracelet turning my skin BLACK ! The bracelet so far maintained its color and still looks pretty but it turned my foot BLACK . My cousin told me to throw it away before my foot falls off ! No bueno .
 I recieved this item and before I even got it in my mouth the ` doorknocker ' came off . Then i wore it , and noticed , my black suppossedly anadozied barbell had all these silver flecks in it . The Paint had been coming off in my mouth and Ive been swallowing it . This product is neither anadized Nor titanium . It was stainless steel with black paint on it . It is falsely advertised , and brings about serious health concerns in regard to potential lead in the paint . Seller has not returned any of my emails in regard to this matter .
 I have seen almost identical rings to this one that are real that go for a couple of hundred dollars . So when I saw this for $ 20.00 I was thrilled . When I got it and opened the box it was immediately notable that the mother of pearl looking cameo face was very very off centered when glued on the black stone . It was lower than it should be . I will return this ring most likely . If it were centered it would be pretty but you can see a very slight glue edge . As I said for the price if the face were in the center I would keep the ring . Very disappointing . The shipping however was extremely fast and I liked the free cleaning cloth that was included .
 I ordered it for my daughter who is a duck lover , but unfortunately had to return it due to being way overpriced due to its tiny size . It would be a good buy for $ 25 .
 I have seen almost identical rings to this one that are real that go for a couple of hundred dollars . So when I saw this for $ 20.00 I was thrilled . When I got it and opened the box it was immediately notable that the mother of pearl looking cameo face was very very off centered when glued on the black stone . It was lower than it should be . I will return this ring most likely . If it were centered it would be pretty but you can see a very slight glue edge . As I said for the price if the face were in the center I would keep the ring . Very disappointing . The shipping however was extremely fast and I liked the free cleaning cloth that was included .
 I have seen almost identical rings to this one that are real that go for a couple of hundred dollars . So when I saw this for $ 20.00 I was thrilled . When I got it and opened the box it was immediately notable that the mother of pearl looking cameo face was very very off centered when glued on the black stone . It was lower than it should be . I will return this ring most likely . If it were centered it would be pretty but you can see a very slight glue edge . As I said for the price if the face were in the center I would keep the ring . Very disappointing . The shipping however was extremely fast and I liked the free cleaning cloth that was included .
 I have seen almost identical rings to this one that are real that go for a couple of hundred dollars . So when I saw this for $ 20.00 I was thrilled . When I got it and opened the box it was immediately notable that the mother of pearl looking cameo face was very very off centered when glued on the black stone . It was lower than it should be . I will return this ring most likely . If it were centered it would be pretty but you can see a very slight glue edge . As I said for the price if the face were in the center I would keep the ring . Very disappointing . The shipping however was extremely fast and I liked the free cleaning cloth that was included .
 However , the 're was a stripped screw so that the dice on top would fall off every secound!I tried everything to fix it but could n't . I 'm going to try another bio plastic belly button ring and see what happens.Hopefully I wo n't get a stripped screw!Oh this belly button ring is super super small size of my pinky finger but I liked that part !
 I have seen almost identical rings to this one that are real that go for a couple of hundred dollars . So when I saw this for $ 20.00 I was thrilled . When I got it and opened the box it was immediately notable that the mother of pearl looking cameo face was very very off centered when glued on the black stone . It was lower than it should be . I will return this ring most likely . If it were centered it would be pretty but you can see a very slight glue edge . As I said for the price if the face were in the center I would keep the ring . Very disappointing . The shipping however was extremely fast and I liked the free cleaning cloth that was included .
 I bought this ring based on ebay reviews . It was extremely heavy . The simulants look like simulants . It 's very heavy and most uncomfortable . It did teach me a lesson , however ... BUY REAL ! Save your money and buy something that 's real . This is so chunky my 8 year-old told me it looked fake !
 I have seen almost identical rings to this one that are real that go for a couple of hundred dollars . So when I saw this for $ 20.00 I was thrilled . When I got it and opened the box it was immediately notable that the mother of pearl looking cameo face was very very off centered when glued on the black stone . It was lower than it should be . I will return this ring most likely . If it were centered it would be pretty but you can see a very slight glue edge . As I said for the price if the face were in the center I would keep the ring . Very disappointing . The shipping however was extremely fast and I liked the free cleaning cloth that was included .
 The earrings are pretty ; however I do have trouble inserting in my ear as the posts are large
 Although the necklace was advertised as wood with metal accents , the `` metal '' accents are so cheaply made that it 's more appropriate for a child 's dress-up game . And the wood is poorly sanded and cracked in places . It certainly does n't look polished . I did wear it out once , but I probably wo n't again .
 I did order this online through amazon , but did not feel that this is what I thought it to be . The beads are huge , and honestly , I do n't think I will wear it . Problem is , when it was sent , nothing was ever said `` if you are not satisfied with the purchase please call -LRB- insert number here -RRB- or send it back in this envelope ... I will even pay the postage , I just do n't care for it as I the image and description made me believe I would.The price was great , I thought I was getting a great deal . But when I pulled it out of the package , I saw that the beads were big and not quite as long as I expected either.Sorry .
 The stone in one earring is chipped . It arrived in this condition . No provisions are made to return merchandise or receive a refund . I will take my chances and send these back and just hope I get satisfaction .
 Had this for only a couple of months or so and it 's already broken . It only ever received occasional , light wear . The chain snapped clean through . Do not waste your money .
 This product is sold as a Schnauzer , but is really a Scottish Terrier . I felt cheated !
 The silver necklace looks very nice and sturdy so I got it for my husband to wear a Celtic cross on . The first time he took it off over his head it broke at the clasp . Not very happy .
 The silver necklace looks very nice and sturdy so I got it for my husband to wear a Celtic cross on . The first time he took it off over his head it broke at the clasp . Not very happy .
 I received this bracelet yesterday and it is nothing like the picture . The diamonds and VERY cloudy ... not sparkly . I am sending it back for a different one . If you do n't mind the cloudy diamonds , this is your bracelet .
 The image pasted is a mare false fabrication , the pendant is very very tiny of which i can even swallow it with out drinking any water . How I wish i never have bought it , the stones are no where to be found , its not shinning at all . I am begging u pls not to buy this chain as its more of disappoitment .
 the product arrived and the bottom ring was broken or bent . the columns are too close together and does n't give adequate room in between for long earrings . It is great if you have a lot of small , short length earrings . allows for lots of them to be placed on the rack .
 When I first bought this , I really liked it ! It can hold more earrings than I have , as well as necklaces and bracelets . Stylistically , I give this jewelry rack 5 stars -- aesthetically pleasing , and does the job!However , BEWARE
 Ordered two of these to give to young girls in our family for Christmas this year . They arrived during an 8-day power outtage so I did n't open them right away , assuming that they were fine since so many people reviewed them favorably . I finally opened them to check them out today , and was very disappointed . One of them had a warped base and did n't sit flat on a flat surface -LRB- it rocked -RRB- . The other was even more bent , it looked like the leaning tower of Pisa . Sending them back for a refund.I should note that the two I received are a slightly different design than what 's pictured . The `` curled under '' parts at the top of the harp , instead of tapering into a point like the one pictured , have just a blunt cut-off end . This does make the harp slightly less attractive ... but more importantly , tells me that they have changed the way they make the product since some of those favorable reviews were posted . As a result , overall quality of the product seems to have suffered.If I had the guts , I would attempt to straighten the warped and bent metal myself , but I am afraid that I might destroy the entire product and then be stuck with it . The soldered joints do n't look stable enough to tolerate manipulation . Perhaps if I 'd spent five or seven bucks apiece on them , I would give it a go . But the product was fairly expensive -LRB- for what you get -RRB- , and I 'm not willing to eat the cost.Sorry , I REALLY wanted to like this product -LRB- and have some of my Christmas shopping done -RRB- .
 I returned this because the horizontal bars were not all straight , some of the earring holes were off center , and the horizontal bar connections to the frame were not flush . It may have just been that I got a defect .
 The shipping was great it got here in no time , butttttttttt the necklace left something to be desired . It was rough and had gouges . It still looked great from afar . I think it was a ok buy , but for 20 dollars i can live with it .
 These pearls are very clearly deformed . I understand freshwater pearls are not perfect circles but these are clearly of terrible quality . Pearls come in four classes
 Having purchased many pearls over the years , I 'm well acquainted with inexpensive pearls , freshwater pearls , and pearls that are suitable to give as gifts . These pearls are definitely not suitable to give as gifts , unless your recipient is EASILY impressed . Most of the pearls on the string were badly misshapen . They looked like two half-pearls squashed together . They just were n't nice at all.The good things were the color and the packaging . The packaging was stellar . The pearls were not , alas . I 'm stuck with these because there 's no way I can give them as a gift , and I misplaced the receipt so I ca n't return them.If you want a better option , look forPearl Freshwater Cultured Pink Tones Necklace Strand 7.5-8mm 18 '' Heart Clasp Bucasi -- which were cheaper than the PearlsOnly pearls and considerably more beautiful . There were no double pearls in my strand , the pearls were very symmetrical -LRB- for freshwater pearls , anyway ! -RRB- , and the colors were lovely . The clasp was stunning , too . The only thing lacking in the Bucasi pearls was a nice box . Heck , for this quality of pearl I 'll provide my own box .
 I was n't expecting alot for the price . But I was really disappointed in my pearls . Every pearl had a very noticeable flaw on it .
 When I got it , the top ball was a different color than the rest of the ring and had glitter in it . Defeats the purpose of being clear .
 The pendant was smaller than I expected , even based on the dimensions given - maybe I just could n't picture the size . The blue topaz stone was a little light in color . I ordered this with a pair of blue topaz earrings which I did n't keep , so I really did n't need to keep the pendant . I returned the items together for a refund and was very pleased at the speed at which I got the refund . I was also pleased at the speed of delivery of the items .
 You tell about the box , the gold , the company . What about the emerald ?
 I got this for my wife as a present . She loved the locket , sadly the chain is very frail and broke after about 10 days . If purchasing understand that chain will probably need to be replaced .
 While the pendant itself is beautiful the first time it was sent broken and tangled . I wrote a lengthy letter explaining that this was intended to be a Christmas gift and I needed an exchange right away . I asked that the exchanged item be made sure that the latch worked properly , easily opening and closing without breaking . The exchanged item was very difficult to open and I was afraid it might break . Eventually , it opened using jewelry pliers . The hinge looks fragile and not made well . For something that is supposed to be a locket , it does not act like it . Beyond the poor construction , the only paper sent back to me was a copy of my invoice with a sloppy `` exchange '' hand written over it . A simple courtesy letter apologizing briefly would have sufficed , especially since I had to pay shipping to send it back to them . No level of recognition was made to me . Any business should know to at least have a stock letter to the customer in dealing with any problem . I do it for my own clients and I expect the same of every other business , no matter how big or small . I will not be buying from them again .
 The piece is beautiful and it 's comfortable to wear , looks GREAT . But after only a couple months the pendant is worn out looking and stained . Looks awful . I wo n't wear it anymore .
 I had the necklace for a couple weeks and the chain broke . It was not a good chain to start with but since I only had it for a couple weeks I did n't expect to have to replace it so soon . The pendant itself is pretty , if you are okay with replacing the chain then its an okay buy !
 -LSB- ... -RSB- I ordered these earrings as a Christmas present for my wife . About two months after the order , the stone for one of the earrings broke into two pieces . There is a hole drilled into each amethyst stone through which a support is threaded to hold the earrings . It is along this hole that the stone cracked . It was the second time my wife had worn them . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The stud was as described . The backs were so tiny I could hardly hold them to put them on and then the first time I wore them one of the backs came off and was lost.Sybil
 I was quite excited when I received my box in the mail yesterday . However when I opened the package my excitement quickly faded . The quality of the box is very poor . The floral design was just a stencil carved in with what looks like leather working tools . The curves around the flower petals and vines are horribly done and left sharp points instead of rounded . The wood looks nice on the outside however this is only due to the stain color that was applied . The floral pattern does a bad job of covering up the notches and holes in the wood on the outside . On the inside of the box there are flimsy wood pieces of another type on the bottom to cover the nasty holes of the wood . They are attached to each side of the box with two small dabs of wood glue that quickly came undone after a few times being opened and closed . Now every time I open the box I have to slide these `` disguising '' wood pieces back into their place . The size of the box is a little smaller than I had anticipated . The only thing that really pleased me about the box is that hinges were attached to the lid and bottom , although the nails stick out from being hammered in crooked . If you are looking for a nice box for jewelry , small keepsakes , or what have you I suggest looking elsewhere . Spend your money on a better quality product .
 The box arrived w/what looked like mold/water damage all along the exterior . It also smelled unpleasant . Being that it was a Christmas gift I had no time to return it , so I sanded it down & cleaned it up . It was usable after a fair amount of reconstructive effort . Beyond that it is a pretty box & a tight but perfect fit for the standard set of tarot cards .
 I purchased this circle of love item from szul which shipped late . When it arrived it was not as advertised . you could not even see the diamonds to the naked eye . It was also much smaller than advertised . When I went to return it they charged me a $ 18 restocking fee which is contrary to their money back guarantee . Do n't believe or trust them . My CC company returned the difference because they found szul in the wrong . Do n't be fooled . Be warned instead .
 disappointing . overly shiny and is adjustable -- that may be in the description , but i did n't see it . And though i decided to return the ring , Amazon 's return policy made it extremely easy , and best of all -- return shipping is free ! Thank you , Amazon , you rock !!
 disappointing . overly shiny and is adjustable -- that may be in the description , but i did n't see it . And though i decided to return the ring , Amazon 's return policy made it extremely easy , and best of all -- return shipping is free ! Thank you , Amazon , you rock !!
 disappointing . overly shiny and is adjustable -- that may be in the description , but i did n't see it . And though i decided to return the ring , Amazon 's return policy made it extremely easy , and best of all -- return shipping is free ! Thank you , Amazon , you rock !!
 This product is far smaller than I thought and I actually tried to measure it before I purchased it . Also know their customer service is equally small . No cooperation and returns are made difficult .
 This bracelet is thin and small and cheap . The catch broke the first time I put it on . The people were nice but the second bracelet I ordered to replace it came with a broken clasp ! And then I measured it and it was 9 INCHES long !!!! It was advertised as 71/2 inches !!! Not a quality company !
 This necklace looks nice on picture , so light , fluffy , and floral . In real life , the pearls are somewhat ugly as they are not matching and the organza flowers are also overpowering them . The biggest issue is that the flowers are so rough that they can poke and/or tickle your skin . It 's uncomfortable to wear . I returned it .
 I ordered this for my 3 yr old son who loves his cousin 's musical box . There arent very many out there for boys ! He was so happy when he opened it ... but within a few hours , we discovered that the actual music piece was not even secured to the box at all , and the little spinning doggie kept getting stuck on the platform . My little boy never even wound it up ... only mommy and daddy . This box is very flimsy and there are pieces inside that look like they should be glued down , but arent . What a difference in the quality of the disney boxes as compared to this one ! My husband is going to try to fix it ... who knows ! If I knew ... I would never have spent this kind of money on it !
 Wife liked them so much she asked me to buy her a set of black ones . She was also happy that they had 14k gold posts . She loved the quality .
 I thought these earrings would be much darker in color . the rose quartz was almost white therefore not showing up against the skin tone very well . . they seem to dissappear on the ear .
 They sent me this charm on a post card at teh cost of .80 and charged 6.895 , when their add stated .90 ... rip off chrm is just ok
 I purchased this pendant and was disappointed that several days after purchase the chain turned black . I have not worn it since then .
 $ 70 !!!??? for these tiny hoops makes them extremely overpriced . Should they be put on sale for 1/2 price they 'd still be too much.Just bought identical pairs of -LRB- also .925 sterling -RRB- earrings for my nieces for $ 12.99 a pair from a local discount department store whose name begins with TJ .
 I was so excited to get these earrings and when I opened them , I was very disappointed . They are tiny ! I should have looked at the measurements more carefully , but I figured they would be a `` normal size '' hoop - not a thin `` huggie '' style - especialy for $ 70 !! Also , they are not very shinny . I am returning them .
 I read both reviews and thought the price was way too good to resist and I am looking for interesting and shippable items for my family overseas . It is definitely what I expected , no I was not expecting pearls , it does not pretend to be that . But I did not expect to take them out of the sack and find that some of the ` pearls ' had already broken off.Mind you I can wear it , but I would hate to ship this to my sister as her gift and find that she opens it to see more ` pearls ' broken off . I am not recommending that anyone buy this , although it does look ` pretty ' . It is not even durable enough to survive as cheap costume stuff.Well I am off to locate a decent gift for my sister who certainly deserves more than this .
 I bought 6 necklaces as gifts for my bridesmaids to wear at my wedding . The picture was beautiful and the peridot would have gone well with the olive green dresses . When they arrived yesterday , I found the same problems several others had , such as
 The price I paid was great for what I hoped I was getting . When the necklace arrived the fresh water pearls were so ugly , they were much larger then the picture showed and they had pointed ends ... very weird shaped . I have never worn the necklace , it will remain in the box until my little girl wants to wear some play jewelry .
 unbelievably dull , it was almost like a cubic zirconia.I had to return this item.At the end I purchased 1 cttw Moissanite earrings.Moissanite has incredible fire.At this price I recommend Moissanite .14 k White Gold Moissanite 4-Prong Stud Earrings -LRB- 1cttw equivalent -RRB-
 Returned the earrings because one was small and one was large -- not even close to the same size .
 They look worse than a cheap fake pair of earrings . I would n't take them for free much less pay 400 + for them . Those are the first & last pair of diamond earrings I buy from here .
 The tie clip was beautiful , but , did not work too well as a tie clip due to it not clinging on tight enough to the tie .
 Silver Insanity Sterling Silver Rose Pendant . I am disappointed with the pendant . It is very large and the quality is not as viewed in picture .
 Do n't bother !! What a disappointment !! They were bought for a gift for someone who loves mice , she has n't worn them yet . She could n't even figure out what they were .
 I liken this to something you 'd get for a quarter out of a machine . It MIGHT be worth a quarter , but in no way is it worth anything over that . I took it out of the package , slipped it on my toe , opened it a little and it bent in half . Very flimsy , do n't waste your money on this or any of the other Body Candy toe rings of the like .
 The bracelet is not 8 '' and it does not look like the picture that is shown . Those looking for an 8 '' bracelet beware - I measured it and it is 7 '' .
 The person right before me had the same problem as I did . He ordered a cross and received the ankh . . I ordered the ankh and receieved the cross . I ca n't say how the ankh looks because i never received it ... but as far as the cross it was horrible . It was small and easily bendable . i know it was only fifty dollars but surely you will expect better . I certainly did .
 I purchased this as a gift for my wife , and like a knucklehead I just wrapped the box without actually looking at the item . I wish I had filmed her opening it at Christmas though , to capture her expression when she opened a necklace with an ankh pendant instead of a cross ! I , ehm , told my wife I was trying to convert her from Christianity to the ancient Egyptian mythos and get her to start worshipping the sun , and that went over like a ton of bricks as well . I 'm communicating with Amazon 's awesome customer service and hopefully we 'll get this all worked out so I can stop sleeping on the couch .
 Be aware that the finish , which says glossy is in fact very high gloss . Very Very high shine . I would not have ordered it if the picture had been accurate . It looks like a lovely , flat finish mahogany but looks almost like plastic . However , it is very nicely finished inside with lots of room ; so if you do n't care what it looks like on your dresser , go ahead and get it .
 I just loved this adorable bejewled butterfly toe ring when I saw it online ! I 'll confess that I wondered how many times I could wear it before one of the little `` blue crystals '' would fall off , but I did NOT expect it to ARRIVE with only 3 of the 4 small sparklies intact . There 's a lot of cute , very inexpensive costume-jewelry out there . This , unfortunately , not only looks cheap , but is made with substandard materials .
 This is hands down the WORST purchase I have made on Amazon . I know , I know , you get what you pay for . Yet , I failed to see any mention of the fact that the sapphires would have visible chips , pits and cracks in them -LRB- one of the chips covers almost half of the sapphire -RRB- . This was going to be a gift , but it 's such a terrible piece that I ca n't imagine giving it to anyone . If you are thinking of buying this - save your money .
 WHEN I RECEIVED IT AND GOT IT OUT OF THE PACKAGE ONE OF THEM BROKE WHEN GETTING IT OUT SO I HAVE ONE GOOD ONE AND ONE BAD ONE ...
 This was never sent by the company It was a terrible disappointment as it was to be a Christmas present . And no explanation either .
 This bracelet was so pretty for one day . The second time I wore it , it started to turn colors , had to take it off , becaue it looked terrible .
 do not buy , horrible product . I bought this for my sister and her whole wrist turned black in two days . Item was thrown in the garbage . Do not buy . Warning
 the ring in the picture looked beautiful , I could n't wait to get it . Now it has arrived and looks like a knock off version of the picture , its a very cheap CHEAPPP ring and it is discolored if I tried to explain what it looks like I 'd say it looks like its on the verge of rusting / has sun damage , I hate it . I guess you get what you pay for , but I am very disappointed that it looks nothing like the picture because that IS what I was expecting . Save your 8 bucks for something else .
 My family detests this loaf of crap . my sister got this about four years ago and it drived us nuts ! We would find beads all over our house and the bracletcs woulde n't stay together . it was a nightmare . do n't by your child or yourself this intoxicating junk ! you stink natural sience ind ltd ! your geneticly modified sience !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! you ruind our lifes and our house ! screw you !
 This was a lot smaller that I had expected , but still an ok item .
 I live outside US I ordered the item to be shipped to freight forwarder address and re-send it to me . I ordered the yellow gold Y charm and got white one instead . I contactated Amazon 3 times mentioning this situation .1 . The first one I explained the situation but gave them the wrong order number -LRB- my mistake -RRB- . The cust . service agent asked me to contact the seller without reading through my explanatory notes.In the mean time I submitted feedback about the misleading image on yellow gold but reality was they were sending white gold instead .2 . I contacted them the second time with the right order number this time . The agent asked me to send it back for a replacement . He did n't read throught my notes neither , since I explained I live outside the US .3 . The third contact
 Well believe it or not i just recieved this so called beautiful toe ring , but as soon as i put it on , chips of the paint was coming off , please people save your money on this . well i just went ahead and threw the darn thing away , i was soooo mad .
 The ring I got was very off kilter and looks odd . In looking back at the picture it does show a rather large base on one side . From the angle of the picture it is hard to tell that the ring is not symmetrical below and above the rose . The one I got just looks like there is a big blob of silver to one side . It 's a bummer .
 Rose ring was extremely small . It could only be used as a pinky ring . I should have returned ring for reimbursment .
 I ordered this item . But was shipped some random pendant . The have failed to respond to multiple emails asking them to correct the problem . Luckily I was fortunate not to make a large purchase with them . Would not do business with these theives again .
 I was very disappointed with the earrings because they did not look very authentic . I returned them the same day I received them .
 I gave this to the wife for Christmas and when she opened the box and removed the cabinet we discovered 2 out of the 3 hinges were ripped out of the cheap wood that looks like compressed cardboard.I emailed the company and had to go back and forth with them . Send pic 's etc. . They said they would contact their insurance company and get back to me.It 's been 30 days and nothing , not a word.The cabinet is very large and heavy.In time something tells me the hinges would rip out anyway from normal use of opening and closing the door .
 This unit is very heavy . Two people are required for installation . Plus , the installation with three anchors placed in inconvenient locations is not practical and does not add any strength to hold it on the wall . I would never have purchased this if I had known how difficult it is to install . I would purchase the lighter ones that give you the flexibility of hanging over the door as well as the wall .
 The picture you are looking at is not what you get . First of all you can not screw the end into the earring as the picture suggests . Second , it is such bad quality that you will lose the earring very soon.That 's what happened to me . I have a pair of similar looking ones that only cost me $ 2 . Even those are better quality.If this is supposed to be a gift to somebody better get the $ 2 ones .
 The item was OK , but not great . The backs of the earring arevery fragile and easily bent .
 Butterfly Pink Sapphire and Diamond Brooch PinThe brooch should have been described as a lapel pin . It is very small in size and hardly noticeable .
 This is an ok bracelet . Not wide enough for me . It will make a good gift for a friend .
 Bought this as a gift for my boss and was I disappointed . She wears a lot of the colors in the picture and thought this would be a perfect compliment.Was I ever wrong . . this bracelet has no color it looks all white except for the few and far between amethyst and peridot . You ca n't even tell there is citrine .
 I loved this bracelet in the picture but when I received it , it was disappointing . The colors were more bland than they appear here , and the clasp is difficult to use . I sent it back .
 My husband got this ring for me for Mother 's Day , when it got here not only was I disappointed in the quality of the ring but it was missing one of the crystals - I realize that this is not an expensive piece of jewelery but it was something that I wanted to wear as a fun accessory - Anyway , my hubby sent back the ring and asked them to exchange it for a new one . Well we got a new ring - it is a gaudy , fake , cubic zirconia , wedding set ! Nothing like what he originally ordered and definitely not the ring that he purchased and exchanged . I mean seriously - do you just send random rings to people when they ask for an exchange ???? My husband is in the process of sending back this ring -LRB- again -RRB- and at this point I told him just to ask for his money back - Never again will we order something from Eve 's Addiction .
 I 've had this ring for two years now , and I 've hardly worn it . The flowers are not as prominent as they look in the photo , and the ring seems like it 's worth about $ 18 - not $ 58 . If you like `` sparkly , '' this ring wo n't do it for you .
 it is a great party ring-but the look of it was cheap and definitely not worth the price ! i would have paid maybe $ 20 for it as a costume / party ring .
 I bought this ring as a gift for my Mother this year -LRB- 2009 -RRB- and was disappointed at the generic look it had upon opening the package and the fact there is a limited amount of sterling silver a la hollowed out underside added to the disappointment .
 I BELIEVED THE DESCRIPTION AND WAS SAD WHEN THE EARRINGS ARRIVED . STONES SO SMALL THEY RESEMBLED SAND . COULD N'T TELL WITH MAGNIFYING GLASS WHAT COLOR SAPPHIRES WERE ; THEY LOOKED MORE GREEN THAN BLUE .
 This is such low quality , I would never have bought this had I seen it . At the `` discount '' price it is wildly overpriced for what it is . It has all the fine workmanship of something that comes out of a gumball machine , really , I 'm not kidding.The little charms are hollow -LRB- that 's understandable -RRB- and they have holes in the seams where the front half is attached to the back -LRB- that 's cheap -RRB- . The seams are very crudely done . Plus there are rough little nodes along all the edges . It feels like spray-painted plastic , and I think it might just be . There are places where there are dark black specks , and it 's not tarnish ; looks like the spray paint did n't stick.Believe me , this is going back .
 Do n't bother . Gets dirty really easily and gets all sorts of gunk in the two grooves .
 This item promotes the idea that people with autism are puzzles that need to be put together . We are NOT . We are human beings whose minds just happen to work differently than those of the general population . I am autistic and proud of it and I DO NOT need to be fixed . I do not appreciate an item being sold that promotes the idea that there is something about me that is broken .
 I find it very strange that this product is being advertised as an `` autism pride '' bracelet , just a few days before autistic pride day -LRB- june 18th -RRB- and at the same time is promoting the view of autistics as puzzles to be solved - would a bracelet advertising the `` puzzle of homosexuality '' be suitable for gay pride ?
 I purchased 3 of these bracelets . I love the design but all three broke very shortly after I purchased them . The charms fell off . Looks good but poorly made .
 I noticed that the design of this bracelet includes a ribbon motif , like the kinds of coloured ribbons that people wear on certain days in remembrance of people who are victims of tragedies , such a breast cancer , AIDS , suicide or road accident fatalities . To regard autistic people in the same way , as being the victims of a tragic misfortune , can be seen as a dreadful personal insult to us , because autism/Aspergers is a fundamental part of who were are , we do n't have autism , we are autistic . Save your pity for someone who needs it , mate!And the bracelet also uses the autism puzzle motif that many autistic people find objectionable . One of the better known autism activist web sites has a logo on it that says `` I am not a puzzle I am a person '' . It should be obvious to any thinking person that the idea of autism being a puzzle is a neurotypical-centric point of view of autism and autistic people . When a neurotypical person expresses the opinion that autistics are a puzzle , they are only flaunting their own lack of knowledge , not empathy or understanding .
 Do n't bother . Gets dirty really easily and gets all sorts of gunk in the two grooves .
 It has n't broke or anything yet , but it does n't glow I held it up to a light for forever and then shut the lights off and it does n't glow .
 I bought this bracelet for my wife , and it is a great design but has already broken twice . my wife never did take it off so that might have been the problem . i wish is was made out of some stronger material .
 The product was poorly crafted , the edges uneven , and overall a disappointment . The photo does not accurately reflect the thickness of the ring . The seam where the two ends were joined was blued from sodering and incomplete . The only saving grace was that I didnt spend much .
 This was the worst ring ever ... I wore it about 12 hours and it turned my finger green !! What a complete waste of money ... DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM !
 item was not what i expected at all ... it is slightly bigger and the quality is not all that great . i did n't like how it bends because that means it 's easily breakable . I 'M RETURNING IT !!
 I was not at all happy with this purchase . The topaz is very pretty but the s.s. looks very cheap , does not look like .925 , it looks as if you could have bought this at a discount store
 Perhaps I should have read the description more carefully , but my expectation was that these would be delicate silver earrings . -LRB- Hey , maybe doorknocker should have meant something to me ... but live , shop and learn ! -RRB- These earrings are HUGE ! I 'm 5 feet 8 inches tall and 135 lbs , so I 'm no Audrey Hepburn , but these are enormous , showgirl earrings meant to be seen all the way from the backrow.In addition , while they are nice , big , shiny earrings , they also appear to be nice , BIG , shiny earrings on tiny , fragile stems to go through the ears . In fact , the stems are so small and soft that even if these earrings were my style , I would be afraid to wear them for fear that the stems would crack leaving me scuttling to retrieve earrings I do n't even like.Hmmm , perhaps something to `` regift '' to a flashier friend for a costume party .
 the earrings were larger than i thought they would be . not too heavy but just to big for me
 I was not happy with the earrings because the backs were too loose and the first time I wore them I lost one . Now , I have one earring . I was , however , fortunate enough to wear them half a day .
 I was n't expecting much from these earrinigs , seeing that they are only 6mm . I do n't know what they measured them with , but I only get 4mm . I 've seen nicer looking earrings at gas stations ! $ 100 ?? These are so small that you do n't even notice the `` Clover '' cut . They just look like tiny little chunks of glass .
 The star is a bit small and flat looking . The chain is the thinnest I have ever seen . The pendant arrived with the chain tangled up in itself . I spent about two hours trying to untangle it . Fail . I sent it back .
 These earrings are advertised to be 1/4 '' in diameter -LRB- .24 '' in another place in the description -RRB- . They are TINY -- not even 1/8 '' in diameter -- big difference . They are also advertised to be `` solid '' but another customer was told by customer service that they are hollow .
 The pair I received had a small dent in one of the earrings . I called `` Accent on Gold Jewelry '' to notify them , and the person I spoke to told me that the balls are , in fact , hollow .
 I recieved this through the mail , and I bought it because it looked very pretty . It was pretty , but when I put it in my tongue the bottom ball was stripped of threading and it wouldnt screw on and I couldnt use it ! So i was very dissapointed with this product !
 Got these for my wife who has very sensitive skin . She is allergic to most metals . These earrings made her ears so bad she ca n't wear any earrings now until her ears heal . These are not sterling silver !!
 I thought that the studs would be a few centimeters larger than they appeared in the picture . I was disappointed to find that they were much smaller .
 The earrings look OK - certainly not like the picture , but they seem nice enough . I do n't have a great eye for this sort of thing , so we 'll see how it goes . She could love them.The big problem I have is that I selected these in part because of the quantity/quality of positive reviews but there is another reason they are there
 These look great on this page . However , either the seller 's quality control failed or the quality level itself is not as pictured . The set I received was all tarnished , the stones were considerably lighter than pictured here , and , worst of all , the amethyst pair were missing . So I returned them . It took 2 weeks and several emails after the seller had received the return -LRB- delivery confirmation -RRB- for me to get my money back . No explanation from the seller regarding any of this , so I will not be doing business with Palm Beach Jewelry anymore .
 1 -RRB- Pic shows dog tag on chain . Did n't come with chain . Just dog tag part . 2 -RRB- Ordered with expedited shipping , took 10 days to get here , missing Halloween -LRB- this was part of a costume -RRB- 3 -RRB- Paid $ 8.95 for shipping - it came in a plain white envelope with the $ 1.31 postage on it.I wanted to give no stars b/c I 'm not even 20 % happy with it , but the system does n't allow that .
 The description says CLEAR crystal but the actual thing is coated to make it a spectrum , but the look is so cheap , I returned it .
 I was n't expecting a lot from these earrings , and although they are generally what I wanted -LRB- to replace stolen ones -RRB- the quality of the jade was not good . The jade was much darker than shown in the photo and had darker streaks besides . However , the price was very good . I 'm sure I saved at least $ 100 .
 These earrings are beautiful ... but you get what you pay for . The post snapped off one of my earrings after only two wearings . I 've been unable to repair them -- and $ 20 is a lot to pay for two uses !
 The pendant is really cute , but has a silver skin back to increase the brightness . The swarovski 's jewelry what I see in stores do not have this device .
 I bough them as a gift for my wife . They look like 0.99 items and shipping was the worst part , it took almost a month for me to receive them . I am very disappointed with product and seller .
 What is shown in the picture and what I received were two completely different items . The second view looks like someone airbrushed off the rest of the earring to give a `` close up '' which looks more like the item I received . Sorely , sorely disappointed.I will not be ordering from this supplier in the future .
 The earrings are lovely . However , they are very , very difficult to put on . Nearly impossible , in fact ! You will need 15 to 20 minutes to get the job done . So either get up early for work , put them on the night before or have someone help you . It is a shame because they are really nice earrings.Sterling Silver Bali Chandelier earrings with Turquoise beads
 Based on how lovely the first pair of earrings that I ordered from Gem Avenue were -LRB- the little turquoise and black beaded ones pictured and sold now as a due with these -RRB- and the rave reviews here , I was anxious to add these to my wardrobe . But sadly , these are n't at all like the first pair though they closely resemble the turquoise pair in the pictures . Simply put I would n't have purchased these at all had I seen them . They are a flat cheap looking silver mounting , and the blue -LRB- stones ?? -RRB- are much darker than pictured and honestly they look like plastic beads from a cheap jewelry making kit !! According to this ad , these earrings originally sold for $ 40 and are now on sale for $ 20 ! I would 've walked away from them completely had I seen them in a shop . I WILL give Gem Avenue a star for prompt delivery AND the earrings were packaged beautifully sealed in a tiny bag inside a nice gift box . But the product itself is sub par . I ca n't believe these earrings got all these stars !!! I am returning them for my $ 20 that I can spend on products with this same company that ARE far and away more superior .
 The beads look cheap and are not in perfect round shape at all . I am very disappointed with this pair , but satisfied with other products from this seller .
 I ordered this expecting that the links would be fairly small from the picture . They are n't , the links on each of the extenders are very large , and do n't match any other jewelry I own . They 'll do what they 're supposed to do , but they 're not as I expected at all . If you do n't mind large links , then you should n't have any issues with this product .
 Item is Junk . Service is bunk . Need a zero star.Sorry to tell you , but this is JUNK ! DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME , EFFORT OR MONEY ON THIS TRASH.The extension I used for just under 2 hours dropped my necklace on the ground like a rock . Luckily , I wasinsightful enough to test it at home , and did not lose my necklace . Returned faulty items and was charged aHEFTY 20 % restocking fee for this trash . thanks alot Amazon , thanks alot Carolyn Pollack Jewelry . Thanks for NOTHING!I will never buy anything from Carolyn Pollack Jewelry AGAIN !!!!
 ... after wearing it just twice . It is not true vermeil - gold-plated silver . It looks more like cheap metal underneath.Not worth it .
 THE RING IS VERY PRETTY WELL MADE , HOWEVER THE ONYX SET MUCH MUCH SMALLERTHAN I THOUGH IT WOULD BE !!!
 I got this wore it two days and the palm tree fell off . if you have any experience with belly rings this happens all the time . No big surprise , but i was disappointed .
 THE RING IS VERY PRETTY WELL MADE , HOWEVER THE ONYX SET MUCH MUCH SMALLERTHAN I THOUGH IT WOULD BE !!!
 This is my 3rd pearls that I have ordered through Amazon and each one I have returned including this one . The item is flawed and not perfectly rounded - returned this too !
 I was very disappointed in this purchase . It looked more like a man 's bracelet . I returned the item .
 The shipping for this item is expensive ! I was going to purchase these earrings until I saw the shipping cost .
 I usually do n't have a problem wearing sterling silver but can not wear cheap earrings that are just of any metal . They have to be sterling , gold , or made for sensitive ears . These say sterling but still caused an allergic eraction within just a couple of hours of wearing . The retailer , however , did not have a problem e mailing me a free shipping label for return .
 get more expensive earrings these made my ears bleed and I had to throw them away . Pay the extra bucks for better quality earrings and avoid this
 Usually , buying jewelry online is either a HIT or a MISS , i guess in my case this time , it 's a miss . Theses pearls were all clearly blemished , and it 's very creamy color -LRB- NOT LIKE THE PICTURE SHOWN , which look like perfect white pearls -RRB- , the luster is true , medium as stated . However , there were a lot of pearls by the knot were chipped , those pearls looks kinda like it had been cover with cheap nail polish and now starting to peeling off . If you are looking for a pearl necklace to treasure or to show off , this is NOT it . Trust me , spend a couple more hundreds , you can find a much better pearl necklace that you can treasure and be proud of it later . My plastic pearls strand looks way better than this one -LRB- which cost me less than $ 5 -RRB- , and it looks better with my outfit too .
 Obviously this is not a high quality product . I wore it for less than a day and it turned my finger green . I do not have any kind of allergy and I 've never had this problem with my rings before . I am really disappointed because I like the way this ring looks and I love the design but now I have a ring I really ca n't wear . I will not be recommending this product to anyone .
 Obviously this is not a high quality product . I wore it for less than a day and it turned my finger green . I do not have any kind of allergy and I 've never had this problem with my rings before . I am really disappointed because I like the way this ring looks and I love the design but now I have a ring I really ca n't wear . I will not be recommending this product to anyone .
 The stones in these earrings were so light in color they looked almost colorless . I never wore them because I could n't get the post through my ear . I compared it to other earrings I have and the post was much thicker . I was very disappointed and returned them .
 That chain gave me a rash you can see from space.I have been using cream on it for 4 days and only now is the rash receding .
 I loved it when it first arrived , but the little ring on the top of the star broke a month into wearing it . I was pretty careful with it . I wore it all the time but would take it off for bed and a shower yet it still broke . It is pretty though .
 This does not come with a chain . That is stated in the description , but I did not notice that when I ordered it , so that 's something to be aware of . There is significant discoloration inside the locket , which would be mostly hidden by any photographs placed in it . The thing that I am displeased about is that the photograph of this pendant clearly shows the stone in the middle as being pink . The stone is not pink at all ; it is a dark purple . The only nice thing I have to say is that I was pleased that the company shipped this to me quite rapidly .
 These are really pretty earrings , but the first time I put them on the post snapped in half . I was planning to wear them at my wedding , but had to return them . No hassels when I returned them .
 was very heartbroken with this product to small not a well made at all wish i would have sent it back
 this bracelet is very pretty - but it broke after only a fews days of wearing it . too bad !!!
 Bought these for my bridesmaids 3 years ago , a month before my wedding . It did n't even last a month !!! None of them made it to the wedding . The actual flower did n't stay onto the pin . Cute but not really something I would order again !
 The ring looks a little off -- something with the metallic work . It 's light in weight and the black onyx is not very shiny . I 'd recommend you check around jewelry stores for rings that you like , since buying something that 's going to be around your finger should be a perfect fit -- in size and in style . It 's too hard to find on the Internet , I think .
 when this arrived , I could n't believe how beautiful it was . The gems were small but glistening . The silver nice and thick . The clasp was nice . However , after two day 's of wear , I looked down and noticed several of the stones were missing . I ordered a replacement , and will update this review after I wear the new one for a couple of weeks .
 I was so excited when I received this pendant until I noticed the poor quality and to top it off the stone and the pentacle are very loosely attached , so it rattles .
 The Peridots in this necklace are so small and so pale , and so dominated by the comparatively bulky settings , that they ca n't be seen at all from more than 6 '' away . From any normal distance , such as standing next to someone , this simply looks like a nondescript silver chain with no stones at all , and is not especially flattering . In intense light , such as a spotlight or direct sun , it can look glittery , but one still ca n't see the stones , and there is no discernible color from more than a few inches away . What a disappointment
 This necklace was pretty enough when I took it out of the box , but it does n't sit right on your neck . The stones turn and point down towards the ground , so all everyone sees is the side of the silver setting . Very disappointing purchase .
 It looks better in the photo than in real life . The sterling silver looks more like plastic than anything else , and the quartz stone in the middle looks like a plastic bead . If you look at it from the back it looks like something out of a crackerjacks box , complete with what looks like superglue holding the stone in place . I bought it for a gift , I ended up buying another item elsewhere since I was too embarrassed to give it to her.Bottom line
 I would never recommend anyone to silverinsanity they would have to be insane to purchase anything from them they should be closed down .
 this product seemed like it was done in a home garage . . it 's not as advertised . if you were this product people will think that you made this in your own home .
 The actual earrings are much smaller , shinier , and cheaper than they appear in the online picture . I was disappointed and wished I had saved the money to put toward a higher quality product .
 The ring had a deep scratch in it . Returned it and purchased one from a store which warranties the product for life . Better choice I think .
 The ring had a deep scratch in it . Returned it and purchased one from a store which warranties the product for life . Better choice I think .
 The ring had a deep scratch in it . Returned it and purchased one from a store which warranties the product for life . Better choice I think .
 The ring had a deep scratch in it . Returned it and purchased one from a store which warranties the product for life . Better choice I think .
 The ring had a deep scratch in it . Returned it and purchased one from a store which warranties the product for life . Better choice I think .
 The ring had a deep scratch in it . Returned it and purchased one from a store which warranties the product for life . Better choice I think .
 The ring had a deep scratch in it . Returned it and purchased one from a store which warranties the product for life . Better choice I think .
 The ring had a deep scratch in it . Returned it and purchased one from a store which warranties the product for life . Better choice I think .
 The ring had a deep scratch in it . Returned it and purchased one from a store which warranties the product for life . Better choice I think .
 The ring had a deep scratch in it . Returned it and purchased one from a store which warranties the product for life . Better choice I think .
 The hinge is n't made to last , niether are the painted on polka dots.Not recommended
 The ring had a deep scratch in it . Returned it and purchased one from a store which warranties the product for life . Better choice I think .
 I receive this as a Christmas gift from my boyfriend.This is my birth stone so I love amethyst , unfortunately I had to return due to a stone falling out after wearing it only 2 weeks.The stones are a lite shade of purple , not dark Africa amethyst & cross is pretty but cheaply made.I returned this item and choose not to have it replaced.I gave it only 2 stars cause it is pretty but not made well.Buying beware .
 didnt look like the picture on your site . The blue topaz is very light in brightness and silver looks very cheap . Will not be buying jewelry from your site again !
 the earring would have been better if it was smaller . they are about 1 inch long and very light in weight . not bad for the price tho ! i just expected something a lot smaller .
 I bought this ring for my husband and he wore it for six days on our Honeymoon before I noticed a lot of chips and dents on it . After calling Amazon customer service I was fairly certain that it would be returned if I sent it back . Turns out they WO N'T return it and now I am out two hundred dollars ! I am livid ! They claim that it was scratched due to wear and since it has been worn it is no longer returnable even if its defective ! The ring was even returned about two weeks after it was purchased . This product was disappointing and customer service did n't help in the least . So sad .
 I bought this ring for my husband and he wore it for six days on our Honeymoon before I noticed a lot of chips and dents on it . After calling Amazon customer service I was fairly certain that it would be returned if I sent it back . Turns out they WO N'T return it and now I am out two hundred dollars ! I am livid ! They claim that it was scratched due to wear and since it has been worn it is no longer returnable even if its defective ! The ring was even returned about two weeks after it was purchased . This product was disappointing and customer service did n't help in the least . So sad .
 This bracelet is poor quality of gemstones and poor craftsmanship . Gemstones are very cloudy and some of the joints in the chain or fused together and the bracelet therefore ca n't be straightened out completely . In other words , if you unfasten the bracelet and lay it out on the counter it will not form a straight line because some of the joints in the bracelet are fused together and do not bend so you can not straighten the bracelet . Do n't buy this , it 's junk .
 I bought this ring for my husband and he wore it for six days on our Honeymoon before I noticed a lot of chips and dents on it . After calling Amazon customer service I was fairly certain that it would be returned if I sent it back . Turns out they WO N'T return it and now I am out two hundred dollars ! I am livid ! They claim that it was scratched due to wear and since it has been worn it is no longer returnable even if its defective ! The ring was even returned about two weeks after it was purchased . This product was disappointing and customer service did n't help in the least . So sad .
 I bought this ring for my husband and he wore it for six days on our Honeymoon before I noticed a lot of chips and dents on it . After calling Amazon customer service I was fairly certain that it would be returned if I sent it back . Turns out they WO N'T return it and now I am out two hundred dollars ! I am livid ! They claim that it was scratched due to wear and since it has been worn it is no longer returnable even if its defective ! The ring was even returned about two weeks after it was purchased . This product was disappointing and customer service did n't help in the least . So sad .
 First of all , these are pretty small , but look nice , and are colorful . I ordered and received them at the end of Nov. , and gave them to my girlfriend for Christmas . She loved them , of course , but within a week , each earring had lost a setting , and the 30 days return time had expired . I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THESE !!!!!!!!!
 When I got this necklace it was a little thinner than I thought it would be , but it was very lovely . The shine was brilliant and the clasp was so pretty . I gave it to my mom as a birthday present . The very FIRST time she tried to put it on the clasp snapped off so that it needs to be sautered back in place . *** EDIT *** I contacted the seller and they fixed the necklace in a timely manner . Keeping fingers crossed that this one holds up .
 Not what I wanted at all , the wrong colour and it barely fits around my neck . I pretty much threw it out as soon as I got it .
 I was very disapointed with this item . Bought it for a gift for my sister and was ashamed to give it to her . When I recieved the item the gold hearts had some dents in them and the gold overlay had been chipped off . I know this was not done in transit since the box was in excellent shape . I tried to contact seller a few times and got no response . Now I am left with something that cany be used and had to go and buy a different gift .
 I ordered this ring in a size 8 . When I received my order , the order size was crossed off and a size 7 inserted . -LRB- ASIN : B000F19QZE 3/8 '' -LRB- 10 mm -RRB- Sterling Silver Hand Made Ring with Musical Note -RSB- -RSB- If I wanted a size 7 , I would have specified it , but it would have been too small . I sent it back , because it was too small .
 I just received this bracelet which I ordered as a Christmas present . While the bracelet itself is very pretty , I am unfortunately disappointed overall . There is n't a clasp to lock the bracelet once it is opened -LRB- granted I should have read the description more carefully -RRB- . The side of the bracelet opens , allowing one to easily slip it on . However , when you close the bracelet it does n't remain closed -LRB- maintaining the closed image of the barcelet on the site -RRB- . I will be returning this and now must find another gift !!
 The black onyx bead at the end came off after wearing just a few times . Not worth it .
 Wow I like jewelry that is on the smaller side I guess , but THIS PENDANT IS MINISCULE !! It definitely looked like it was meant to be worn by a young child ... . ive seen pendants that are this small when they are sparkling , precious gems , but in moonstone ??? The size of the moonstone was literally half the size of my pinky-finger nail ! So , I returned this small , feather-light pendant and they had the nerve to take $ 5.00 out of my refund for returning it -LRB- eventhough I paid the return shipping -RRB- . Will not buy from again .
 It could have been an attractive piece of jewelry , if the dragon had been mounted around the amethyst circle instead of off to one side . But it was mounted on an angle or whatever they had in mind . The picture shows it this way , but I could n't believe it was designed like that when I ordered it . I asked for a refund and got my money back , but I had to pay the return postage . It 's sad , it could have been a beautiful pendant .
 When I opened the package I first thought they 'd forgot to include the merchandise . This is truly the cheesiest item i 've ever purchased through Amazon and will never ever buy this sort of thing sight-unseen again .
 where is my stuff , i still not received yetplease response my review , and make me happy to buy from amazon.com
 I got this for my wife and thought I was getting a good deal , but unfortunately these were so small I was embarrassed giving them to her and was afraid they would slip right out of her little ears .
 Read the reviews , they are so small it 's a joke . I bought them on impulse as a little something extra for my wifes christmas present . When I opened them I just had to laugh . I read the reviews and most of the people said the samething . I just gave them to her before christmas so we could share the laugh !!!!!!!!!!
 These are made for infants only ... even then you have to be careful because the backing is not secured . I would not recommend this purchase for an adult who is seeking studs .
 Bought this as a Christmas gift but when they came they were so small I could n't find the second ear ring in the bag . Needless to say I sent these back .
 I ordered these as an `` extra '' gift for my Mom . It would have been an embarrassment to give these to her . They are so small that they would go through the piercing hole in her ear . Very , very disappointed . I am returning for my $ 46.00 refund .
 i was looking for a tiny diamond stud to put on my ear lobes , the size and fit was perfect , but i do n't believe they are real diamonds . the gems are so dull , my mineral water bottle has more sparkle than it .
 this item is too small and the quality was not so great so i had to return it . i think this would only b good for lil kids
 Purchased these earrings for $ 29.99 around Christmas during a Gold Box deal . For thirty bucks , I figured why not ? Well , when the package arrived , I opened it to find a small pouch . I am not exaggerating when I say it took me five minutes to find these tiny , tiny earrings in the pouch . I had to turn the pouch inside out to find them ! Even for thirty dollars , I do n't feel these earrings are right for an adult . Maybe a toddler or infant . Wound up sending them back , thanks to Amazon 's super return policy .
 I was VERY Disappointed With this purchase . They are SO SMALL you can barely see them . They look like they should be for a nose piercing they are so tiny .
 While I suppose I should n't expect much for $ 30 , the picture of the earrings on an ear showed that they would be bigger than what they are . They are tiny little things , though overall they look nice . I was just expecting an earring that was at least twice the size .
 my 10 yr old son bought this for his mom and if i had my way they would be returned , the stones look pastey and nothing like the picture
 Hope the wife does n't kill me ! On a budget , and it seemed like these would be a nice gift from the photo , which is pretty misleading . Oh well . No going back now , it 's too close to Xmas .
 This product was very cloudy and much smaller then expected . I understood that it was 1/10th kt but I was still expecting the coloring to be of better quality . Just not what I wanted . This product may be better for a younger child but not good for an adult .
 The earrings I purchased were very disappointing , because of their size . They are baby-size ! You need to advertise the size of the product !
 The image online DEFINITELY magnifies these earrings . I 've owned 1/10 ct stones before and I 'd have to say I 'm in the process of taking these to a jewler to have them verified . There is barely no setting to them at all . They are so tiny and so cheaply set that they could very possibly slip right through the hole in your ear if you 're not careful . Were they worth the money even though it was a really good price ? NO . Do n't waste your money or even your time looking at these .
 He comprado este producto recientemente y al principio pens&eacute; que estaba a buen precio pero me decepciono el tama & ntilde ; o de los mismos , realmente seria bueno que en la presentaci&oacute;n pongan referencia al tama & ntilde ; o pues es decepcionante , la calidad en si es buena y el articulo muy hermoso no hay que confundir , pero lo decepcionante es el tama & ntilde ; o son demasiado peque & ntilde ; as , las compre para un regalo a una bebe y la suerte que fue para una bebe . Solo volver&eacute; a comprar nuevamente joyas si tengo una referencia del tama & ntilde ; o ya sea con una moneda u otro articulo .
 I guess the price should have been a clue , but these earrings are so small that they have slipped out of my ear on 2 occasions . Probably OK for child .
 Not sure that they are diamonds in gold . They hurt my ears , when theyre not suppost to . I cant take fake , my ears hurt unless they are gold .
 The diamonds look like dirty glue dots . The backings were so small , they are very hard to handle and the metal is sharp to the touch .
 the stone was sooo small , i would have been embarrassed to gift to someone . had to sent them all back .
 The diamonds ares almost micoscopic . They are so tiny that it is hard to put them on and take them off . I regret buying them.Jeanie
 I know that 29 dollars is not a lot of money and I should have not be expecting them to look great blings , but believe me everyone , these earrings are NOT WORTHY 29 dollars.Even cubic zirconia shines more than the 2 tiny diamonds.The only thing I like about these is the size , I wanted something tiny but I was expecting some light reflection coming out of them.NO , the stones are as blurry as dirty water.These earring are overpriced and not worthy .
 I always knew I was going to get a tiny stud but hoped it would be not as bad as it is !!! I got this for my 2 year old but the stones -LRB- not worth calling them diamonds ! -RRB- are so dull and smoky that it is not worth wasting your money on this.You get good 10-14kgold with cubic zircona at Claires which looks much better than this and at half the price.Anyway learnt my lesson not to buy so-called cheap diamonds online ; - -RRB-
 I was n't expecting much for a small dimond with I2-I3 clarity . For those of you who do not know much about dimonds , I2-I3 means there are 2-3 flaws in the dimond visible to the eye . I got these dimonds for my baby daughter . I liked the idea that they are small , but they are way to cloudy and do no sparkle at all ! Returning to Amazon for a refund .
 I had read some reviews that said the earrings were going to be pretty small and having only paid about $ 40 I was not expecting too much . However , when I got them I was surprised just how small they were . Not only was the gemstone small but the overall setting was tiny as well . It had been my intention to use the earrings to supplement another gift , but it would be too embarrising to do so . Hopefully , I wont have any problems with Amazon 's return process . Save your $ 40 .
 I was very disappointed the diamond was so small I needed a magnify glass to see it . The prongs was so small they could get lost in your ear .
 For only $ 40 I did n't expect to get something huge , but turns out this pair of earrings needs a magnifying glass to tell there is a diamond in it . They definitely do n't shine or look anything like the product image , even under the macro lens of my DSLR camera .
 These are so not worth the time . The stones are so small it makes no sense to wear them and dont ' even think the thought of giving them as a gift - the receiver will be vex with you for life . LOL
 I wanted a small pair of diamond earrings . I knew the size can be very small ... but I did n't expect the stones to be this cloudy . They do n't even look like diamond . Do n't buy it if you are looking for some sparkles !
 The actual studs are much smaller than what they appear to be in the pictures . Also the diamonds are poorly cut and have a milky hue with no clarity or sparkle . They look like pieces of smoked glass rather than real diamonds .
 WOULD LIKE FOR YOU TO SHIP THE OTHER EARING PLEASE !! pLEASE SHIP ANOTHER EARING AS SOON AS POSIBLE . tHIS WAS A xMAS PRESENT .
 I did not think the earrings would be huge but I did expect to be able to see them with the naked eye . These are too small for even a newborn . I would not order them for anyone older than 5 days old . I think if I put these in my ears they will go through the hole in my ear . If you want more bling than these earrings just buy a stick pin and put it in your ear it will be larger than this diamond . Huge disappointment . !!!!
 I ordered these for my girlfriend for christmas . Me , being 17 , read the description of the product and it sounded fair and in my price range . After ordering , I mistakenly read the previous reviews . A majority of them say they are small , but in no way could they have described to me how small they are ! I do n't even think these would look big enough on an infant let alone a teen or adult . If the diamonds diameter was at least a centimeter I would have found 50 dollars reasonable , but the stone is only at best a millimeter . BUYER BEWARE DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM EVER !!! Ive bought alot of things on here and this is the only thing Ive ever regretted . I am returning this to the seller and going to a local store to find a better quality product .
 The earrings look nothing like the picture.if your getting the earring for your nose then i guess its ok . the diamond is the size of a grain of salt . If you blink youll miss them . . for 43.00 no way overpriced !!! doubt there even real !!! ticked off ...
 When I ordered this product , the description did not contain `` J-K Color '' or the tables describing different sizes and clarity ratings . I was relying on the picture and the regular price of $ 220 , which made $ 45 seem like a bargain.I returned this product after it arrived . These things are microscopic and extremely cloudy . There is no way you could magnify them to any extent , under any lighting , where they would look like the picture in the description . If you saw these for $ 220 in a retail store , you would be in Chile .
 I bought these for my daughters to wear as everyday earrings . When they arrived they were so small that we could not find them in the black velvet bag . When we did find them the backs did not fit tight so the earrings would not stay in place . I will have to return a special Christmas gift . My girls were so sad as they have always wanted real diamond earrings . I will now only purchase earrings that have a screw back in the future.p.s . these are beautiful and would look great on an infant child .
 bad service and price . Very Orden and full shipped . Excelent presentation . Good work . Its very nice item . Full services and Very type .
 I agree with the review that said these earrings are overpriced and ridiculously small . The picture is very misleading . These earrings are tiny to the point of being invisible .
 Small tiny earrings.The stone should be diamonds , but I saw diamonds before , and those looks more like plastic.Very very disappointing .
 THE EARINGS ARE NICE WHEN YOU HAVE A MAGNIFING GLASS !!! I LOOKED AT THE PICTURED AND THOUGHT THATA WAS THE REAL SIZE ... THEY ARE USEFULL IF YOU WHAT A PIERCING ON YOUR NOSE ...
 i got this for my fiance for valentines day and when i recievied them they where way smaller than i expected so now out out last second shopping for v-day . not cool im very dissatified
 these were so small they went throw the holes in my ears , returned them was the best use for the item .
 Even though the purpose of these earrings were for my 13 yr old daughter . . she asked for stud earrings , however , they are barely visible . I was very disappointed when I opened the box . Also the backing on one of the earrings bent very easily when we took them out of the packaging .
 They are nice but smaller than what I expected . They could be suitable for a very young girl who is less than 10 years.I am glad that were good for my daughter.Thank you.Saeed
 I purchased these far in advance for Christmas , and hid them for safety . Still not found . Would not have used as a gift as these were MICROSCOPIC in person . Disappointed in item
 Not what I expected , sorry that I was unable to return this item . In the future , I would not purchase earrings from Amazon .
 So tiny ! I got them for my mom but I had to give it to my newborn niece . Can not see the diamonds ... just a little spark in the middle . So remember
 One star for fast shipping , but these were pinhead sized and definitely not worth 1/2 the price . Kudos to Amazon for removing the misleading picture however I do think the add is still misrepresenting the value of the earrings .
 Picture and product differed in what I expected . I gave them to a friend who had a baby and they were jsut the right size for a 2 month old .
 These earrings are NOT WORTH the price . They are so tiny there is no shine or reflection . Smaller than a nose ring . And , the packaging was DISGRACEFUL .
 No sparkle . Buying these was a HUGE waste of time . I tried cleaning them & they were still dull . Bait & switch . The pics look beautiful and I was sent garbage .
 Not sure what happended but these earings have gotten very poor reviews but the price went up from 26.00 to 51.00 not the product I 'm going to purchase . Bad reviews = raising the price to this company ????
 I returned the item because they were much smaller than I anticipated . Picture is somewhat misleading . However return was simple and easy .
 After buying the diamond stud earring I was disappoint with the size of the earrings looking at the picture will fool you telling the truth is the answer a buyer want not to be fool
 I returned these as they almost slip through the whole in your ears . You could lose them very easily .
 I was not happy with these when they arrived and sent them back . The earrings were so small ! The picture makes them look bigger .
 I started looking for a pair of earrings to wear in my second hole . When I found these , I thought they would be great , they were the right price , and looked like a nice pair . However , when I received them and put them on , the backings were too loose for the post -LRB- so I had to put stoppers on the backs -RRB- and I lost both earrings within a couple of days . They also infected my ears within a day . I expected an earring that 's advertised as 10k Gold to not cause an infection , but I was wrong . Buyer beware ! These really are n't worth the money ! Find a different pair of earrings that may cost a little more .
 I was n't expecting anything special for the price , but these are completely worthless . The 4 prong setting they 're in is both larger and sparklier than the stones . I was hoping to get a tiny little piece of sparkle , and instead , a grey little chunk of rock in an ugly , unpolished chunk of metal . You 're much better off buying plastic than this poor excuse for the real thing . Do not let the picture fool you , it has nothing whatsoever to do with the product that will arrive .
 I purchased this about two and half weeks ago along with some other things . the other things have arrived , and yet this has n't even been shipped . the estimated delivery is over two weeks , which means I will have waited over a month to receive the earrings by the time I finally get it . That is bad service . I will write another review rating the actual product when I receive it . Had I known it would take so long , I would have just paid more and went to the jewelry store down the street .
 Yes , i guess it 's my fault , but I was disappointed to see how small these really were . I know better now and will not buy jewelry online anymore .
 They appear to be much larger in the description . Expensive for the size . Made in china And not packaged nice for giving as a gift
 The picture is deceiving . I thought they were going to be bigger but they are smaller than a pea . Probably wo n't be buying much jewelry from here no more .
 I ordered two pair . They are both small , which I expected for the price . One pair is pretty . The other is milky in color . I was not very happy with that pair . I decided to keep those and give the other pair as a gift . I am a little embarrassed with the gift being so small .
 There 's nothing really wrong with them other than they 're small my fault for not realizing that . Packaging could use some work though because both posts were bent due to someone using a necklace display instead of an earring display inside the box .
 I ordered this pair of earrings as I already had one pair , but lost one earring . I received this pair of earrings and one diamond stud was beautiful , the other was so cloudy I wo n't wear it . It looks nothing even remotely close to a diamond . Very disappointed . Granted they are only 1/10 cttw , but perfect size for upper ear piercings where you want to wear something delicate and subtle , but still a bit classy . This set does not fit that bill by any stretch .
 The earings were well crafted but one diamond had a defect so I returned the set . They were also much smaller than I expected -LRB- a good size for baby jewelry -RRB- .
 what a dissponintment this earings where ! , they are so small even for a baby , and i paid 62us for this tiny earings that wont even show o shine :-LRB- -LRB- -LRB- so sad .
 Never purchased earrings on line however i gave it a shot and wasnt to happy , the earrings are so tiny but it will not keep me from going threw amazon .
 I3 is a category of diamond that in the past would only have been used for industrial diamonds . -LRB- e.g. they would be ground up and used to make saw blades -RRB- However because of the demand for cheap diamonds , I3 diamonds are now being cut and used in jewelry . This is why the prices for certain types of diamond jewelry have become incredibly cheap.Diamonds are graded as follows
 these ear rings are super tiny . they are meant like for a baby and since they are baby sized , they should probly have the back that screws on . Did n't like them because of the size and I find it a hassle to return so gon na have to give them away as a gift to someone with a baby .
 Was not as I expected so went on line , printed return label and sent the item back UPS for a credit .
 I received these to give ithem as a gift , but quickly realized they were too small to even give as a gift . My secret Santa requested these ear rings.she would not have been happy . Do not buy unless you have a microscope .
 The photo shows the diamonds to be about the size of the backs of the earrings . This is nowhere near the size of the earrings that showed up . They are tiny little stones . I am so disappointed .
 These earrings are way too small . I expected them to be bigger since the photograph , the illusion , seemed to be an acceptable size . I am not satisfied with this product . They are nose rings , NOT Earrings . They are also frail and dainty . Unless you are smaller than 5 ' 0 and 100 pds . then these may not suit your ears . They may suit your nose though .
 I does not expect that much for this because I bought this ar low price , but I never though it was this bad.It does not have sparkle . Better buy a cubic ziconia or swarovski if you are looking for an earing that sparkle.i
 The photos do not do justice to these earrings - they are so small , that you ca n't even feel them in the velour bag . They have to be shaken out.Sent mine back right away .
 The bracelet is not what I expected . I was getting the bracelet to go with a black stoned sterling silver ring I have . The bracelet looks like costume jewelry , it is not something you would wear with a nice piece of jewelry . I have not returned it , because I hate going to the trouble of doing it .
 I had loved it at first , but I am one to leave a necklace on forever . It started to get all kinked up and I could n't figure out how to straighten it out . But the company did offer me a discount on a different chain , even though it was past their 30 day policy . Nice for once in a while wearing and be careful when handling it .
 Not what I thought it would be . I shipped it right back . Does n't even lay on your chest . Its more like a stiff wire .
 This is the poorest quality snake chain I have ever owned . It gets bent too easily ; I had to throw it away after only a couple months ! I later purchased a replacement at a crafts fair for $ 6 . Do n't waste your money on this thing .
 I thought I was ordering a necklace that would be the same size as the picture . Buyer beware , what you see is not what you get . The links are tiny and not what I expected . I thought the price was too good to be true and boy was I right . Should have done better home work on what I was buying . I doubt I 'll order here again !
 I have n't taken this bracelet to a gemologist yet , but I suspect the word `` genuine '' . I own many crystals , and this has the look and feel of plastic . If I take it to a gemologist I will edit this review and let you know for sure . Just be warned it is suspect , and in my opinion not worth the purchase .
 Buyer beware , I 've owned this bracelet for a year and a half only to find out the `` sterling silver '' wears down to something remotely resembling copper . I loved this bracelet up until then . I 'm very disappointed that Amazon would represent this company without making sure you get what you pay for . I know it 's not the most expensive bracelet out there , but for 38.00 I know I can get better than dime store costume jewelry .
 Very pretty , and you think you ca n't go wrong for the price . Not so . The stud broke off from the post the first time I wore them . Also , with shipping hovering around $ 5 , think twice .
 I purchased this bracelet with a matching necklace last year for my sister as a Christmas gift . The bracelet broke one month after she received it . Took it to the jewelers to get it fixed , ended up costing alot to be fixed . Not happy with product and will not purchase this kind of jewelry from this vendor . Shipped quickly .
 This was a total waste of money . The pendant started losing its color in a week 's time .
 I bought this and loved it , but after about a week the whole thing started tarnishing and no amount of polishing or cleaning made it better . Now I basically have a blakened piece of junk that is too ugly to wear . If I had to do it over again , I 'd try coating the whole thing with a clear nail polish or some other kind of clear sealant to keep it from ruining like that .
 The pendant is nice however the pewter wrap around kind of ruins the entire design . It does not go with the center design . I think it would look better with a slightly tarnished silver look . Pewter is just too dull for this design and the necklace does not work well with the pendant either .
 I bought this as a gift but the glue wo n't hold and the stones keep falling out and now some of them are lost , so I now i have to find a different style to replace this one . For what I paid , the pentacle is lovely and the quality would have been excellent if the stones were affixed some other way .
 My first order was somehow lost in the mail so I had to have it shipped to me a second time . When I finally received the necklace/pendant I was very disappointed by the quality of the pendant . The `` stones '' look like they are plastic and they appear to be glued onto the pendant , which would n't be so bad if they were glued on straight . Overall , I would not recommend this product to anyone and I am returning it to the vendor .
 I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY 14 YR OLD DAUGHTER AND WITHIN 2 WEEKS THE STONES FELL OUT . THEY WERE ONLY GLUED TO THE PENDANT . THE METAL STARTED TO TARNISH AT ABOUT 3 WEEKS . THIS IS VERY POORLY MADE . THE STONES ARE GLUED ON AND THE METAL TARNISHES . I WOULD NOT RECCOMEND THIS TO ANYONE .
 I ordered this necklace because of the reviews and I liked how it looked . It got to me in decent time and when I opened it it looked as offered . The chain itself is cheap but because of reading the reviews I was ready for that and ordered a different chain along with it . I am glad I did because the clasp to the original chain is so stiff and nearly impossible to open . With the new chain it looked wonderful but by the end of the first day most of the green had flaked off of the pentacle . I really wanted to keep that extra pop of color on it and thought that it might stand up to at least a couple months of wear before it started flaking instead of a day . So because of the chain quality and the very limited life on the paint I have given it 2 stars .
 Since I am allergic to silver , I was happy to see a pentacle that was made of another kind of metal . I had been eying several other pieces from Silver Insanity and a few other makers . That 's when I noticed the Pewter pieces . Pan 's Pentacle is a beautiful piece of jewelry . The green and almost silver looking metal of the piece are gorgeous . The design is also unique and interesting.There are some problems that cropped up with extended use . The pentacle gets tarnished quick and is virtually impossible to clean . 6 months after wearing it the vibrant colors are gone , and all of my attempts to clean it have come to naught . The chain that came with it was also unfortunate . I specifically chose the design b/c it was made of pewter and not silver , and yet the chain itself was made of silver , so it was necessary to use another chain in order to wear the necklace -LRB- It was also not as good a quality as the pentacle -RRB- . I was initially pleased with the purchase , but my inability to return the piece to its initial glory has soured me .
 I purchased this item and within about two hours of having it on , all the green came off ! I did n't have it on in the shower , have anything rubbing up against it , or do anything to it that would cause it to come off . When I sent the company an email with my issues it took them a couple days to get back to me , actually after a week I sent the email again and then they finally got back to me . As much as I liked the design of it , I picked it because of the added color . When I explained that the color came off for no reason , I was told that I had to pay to ship it back and then they could send me a new one or I could just order a new one . To say that customer service was lacking is an understatement .
 As a talisman it is good , but the product/metal it is made of is critical .
 This bracelet is extremely rigid and has no flexibility at all . It actually broke before I even had a chance to wear it . However , when I contacted the company about a refund , they actually responded to me fairly quick and issued me a full refund on shipping and paid for the return shipping so I was pretty happy about that . Wish the bracelet was better quality , but at least they gave me a refund !
 The item description does not include the total carat weight for this necklace , and important factor with this kind of product .
 This ring looks like a glass ring , very basic and my normal size did not fit . Order one size up
 If this is leather I 'll eat my hat . The bracelet is thin , feels and looks like plastic , the turquoise is also paper thin - I have never had an online purchase be this disappointing . I wanted to return it , but I have to pay the shipping . My first try at buying jewelry through Amazon - and my last .
 I accidentally fell asleep with these on and they tore My ear because the backings are not tight at all . I tossed the awful , sharp backings that the earrings come with and took some earring stabilizers off another set of earrings I have and now they are n't loose and they do n't hang.If you do n't know what an earring stabilizer looks like , here is a link to some : Earring Stabilizers - 3 PairsConsidering the weight and length of these earring , they really should come with earring stabilizers instead of the tiny backings currently included.Aside from the issues with the backings , the posts of the earrings are crooked . Probably due to them being shipped in a plastic bag with no protection . I am also a bit worried that at any point a garnet will fall out because the setting is loose . For now , they sit in My jewelry box until I decide what to do with them.For the trouble and the price , I would n't buy these and I 'm glad I did n't . They were a gift . * After reading a review about how someone got these for `` about $ 10 '' , I think they 're also a rip-off . Seems everyone saying `` no one will believe what you paid for them . '' gave the sellers the idea to jack up the price to a more `` believable '' one .
 Purchased for myself for a fun piece of jewelry ... not pretty . I returned it because I knew it would not be worn .
 I really like the way these earrings look , but it took about a half hour to figure out how to put them in and then the wires bent and broke within a couple of days .
 I bought three sets of these earrings for Christmas exchange gifts for our Bunco group , we are limited to $ 20.00 . So I thought these looked like nice gifts , something I might wear myself . Both my daughter and myself thought they looked very cheap and not something I would feel comfortable giving as $ 20.00 gifts . Maybe $ 9.99 ?
 These earrings are very small , it is hard to see the beautiful design . That was very disappointing to me .
 I thought the item was gona be a lot bigger than it was . I returned them because they were these little itty bitty earrings , which I would totally not wear .
 I bought these for a gift and was disappointed . They 're flimsy and kind of cheap feeling . More like a 5.99 pair of earrings .
 Overpriced junk . Not as pictured . If I could give it no stars , I would . And I will never buy jewelry on Amazon again .
 i wore it several times then a chain came loose . i was able to tighten it but then the other chain came loose too and finally one of them broke . too bad , i really like the design , just wish it lasted longer !
 Good grief ! If I were 5 years old and playing dress-up this thing might have been perfect . It 's big , gaudy , and chintzy-looking . Went right back for a full refund . After trying 2 different bracelets and a necklace that were all returned to Amazon , I 've learned my lesson
 I ordered 2 of them and tried to wear them together , but they still looked thin and cheap . Returned them right away
 I thought it was nice in the photos but when it can it was too large for my wrist . Nice products looked real
 Like an earlier review said . If you can convince anyone that this is real ... . It is costume , and as such is inexpensive , but honestly , do n't convince yourself that you can wear this at a function and not expect a couple of chuckles behind your back should you decide to act/convince anyone that it is real . I showed it to a couple Jr. . League friends and they laughed .
 I sent this back . What arrived looked like the picture , but turn it and there is no hole to thread the chain through . What was that ?
 I was disappointed in the aring . . I thought it was going to show the crystal stones better . I would not get another one nor would I tell anyone to purchase this ring
 I thought the picture looked good , but I did n't like the ring very much once I saw it in person . It 's also not very comfortable to wear .
 I purchased this item a week ago . The shipping was fast and great ! The pedant looks very cheap , it is smaller than I thought and does not sparkle like the other review said . The chain is very bad looking as well . I had to return it .
 I got my earrings today , and wow , what a disappointment ! There is a lot of black residue in every low point of the design as well as on the ear wire back and parts of the higher elevations on the design . I understand that the `` antiquing '' process will darker certain areas in the lower parts of the design for a more shadowy effect , but its all over these . I even cleaned them in silver cleaner and with a polishing cloth , nothing is taking it off.I am returning and looking elsewhere for some earring like there . Its too bad because other than that one issue I like the style a lot . Maybe it is just my bad luck with amazon in general but I do n't think I will be buying jewelry again from amazon . I 'll go to a local shop here and probably get a better deal than 30 bucks for not much silver .
 This looks nothing like the picture . There is a big stamp on the back that says `` made in china '' Dull in color , very questionable if it is actually sterling silver .
 I was expecting a good quality product for the amount of money on this piece . The detail is n't great and I would n't buy this again
 When I received this bracelet , I was delighted with it . It is light weight and comfortable to wear 24 hours a day . ANd it is nice looking . However , I have since discovered that is is poorly made . The small wire circles that connect the bracelet together are weak . Within few days , one link fell apart and the bracelet fell off . Happily with a pair of pliers , I could squeeze the link back together , but I now realize that this is likely to keep happening , so am reluctant to wear it without watching for this . I expect I will loose it another time .
 I received it in a timely manner . It 's just i did n't think it would look like my nose was bleeding . Consider that when you purchase this .
 I got this ring for my BD last year . It did look much better then on the picture ... but after few days of wearing it the leaf part break off : -RRB- It ` s hard to find a place to fix it .
 My wife did not much care for this cross . It arrived with the appearance that it had been used . Seller mailed me special discount offer , if I wrote a glowing review about their product . I do n't think so ...
 I had actually ordered the other Celtic cross from Dan 's Jewelers -LRB- priced at $ 11.84 -RRB- , and so the fact that they sent this one in error was the first disappointment . When I examined this item , I was also disappointed in the workmanship -- the engraving is shallow and off-center , and the cross looks very `` cheap . '' I 've seen a lot of Celtic-style jewelry in a wide range of prices , and this is definitely `` low-end '' in every respect .
 The beads are cheap and poorly made , the chain is the color of rust , and the necklace is uncomfortable to wear . I did n't pay enough for it to make it worth returning , so I just tossed it in the trash .
 The title is wrong . This is a PENTACLE . The way it 's attached to the chain 's clip , the point is facing up , making it a pentacle . If the point were facing down , THEN it would be a pentagram . Subtle difference , but there is one . < / 3
 I bought this because it looked so pretty and had such good reviews . However 10 days after it was purchased it broke . Not made very well for a bracelette , the metal pc that are the connections are way to thin & fragile . Its VERY light !!!! Wouldnt advise purchase of this
 Not at all attractive ... very disappointed ... 2 different shades of white that dont look right . A waste of money .
 This bracelet is technically what it is sold as . There were 2 tiny diamonds on the one I received and it took me forever to find them . The sapphires are very included . It does not look bad on the wrist and if you do n't plan to have people looking at it too closely it is fine . It does have a nice over all look when being worn . The silver work is good , heavy enough to wear often . The clasp is really nice and has a safety catch .
 It is very pretty but it is unbelievable sad marine life is at danger only for vanity purposes such as jewerly
 I got this bracelet and was very excited . It came in the cutest baby blue bag . It was very pretty and the first day I wore it I got so many compliments . The next day I was in a meeting just sitting there and all of a sudden the bracelet broke and the beads went everywhere . I was very upset . Though it was not a lot of money the shipping price is unbelievable . I did not find that out until after I bought it . It is very pretty but I would not reccomend this product .
 I recomend this for a childs gift . Its much smaller than it looks in the picture . On the plus side $ 8.44 -LRB- $ 2.49 + $ 5.95 shipping -RRB- for a genuine pearl bracelet isnt bad ! Beware its very tiny .
 I ordered several of these bracelets for gifts ; but , only one bracelet had pearls that were anywhere near 4mm . The pearls were so tiny that they looked like seeds instead of pearls . I decided to return them and look for something else . Do n't waste your money .
 I was very disappointed
 The necklace is very very small . The gold part of the necklace was thin and unsubstantial and the gems were practically microscopic . It cost over $ 100 . This experience turned me off to buying jewelry without seeing it first .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 The picture of this looks great , but in person the chips are microscopic . In fact , they are almost invisible . It 's a cute charm for a bracelet , but that 's about all . As jewelry , or the perception of jewelry , forget it .
 I was so disappointed in this product . It is n't worth shipping back and remains in my junk drawer in the envelope that it came in . There are gaps between beads as though someone wore it and stretched it out . Also , there is a visible `` bead '' which is where the stretch material was fused .
 We did not recieve this item and Amazon has been of NO assistance in getting it . The Company with not reply to our email nor will Amazon.Will not use this again .
 Returned this charm . . As I wrote earlier , buy the discs , they are more attractive . . This charm is very small . . There was no problem , and the people were courteous . .
 This was better than the earring . You still had to look hard to make out what it was suppose to be .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 Upon receipt , I was very disappointed with the quality for the price . In my opinion , it looks like it came from a .25 vending machine . Sent it back .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 I usually am a big fan of 925 sterling silver , and also a big fan of Eve 's Addiction , but this piece of jewelry made my ring finger turn a green/grey color of where the band was on my finger . Terrible . But beautiful design , cheap 925 or certainly not 925 sterling silver !
 My husband bought me a lovely ring from gemaffair for Christmas . It was the ring I always dreamed of . I got dressed for Christmas . When I arrived at my mother 's house , one of the stones had fallen out . I did nothing unusual except get dressed.I returned the ring to gemaffair -LRB- at my own expense -RRB- . They say that since I `` damaged the ring '' they would not accept the return , wanted over $ 50 for a repair -LRB- the ring cost $ 140 -RRB- or they would return it to me , but I had to pay the 6.95 shipping . Do they think I intentionally broke the ring ? I did n't feel any catching or pulling of any sort . Frankly if I had , I would have just taken it to my own jeweler for repair since I would have recognized that I broke the ring . I have dozens of rings , in many settings and styles . I have never broken a prong , nor have I ever been so dissatisfied with a vendor . DO NOT , DO NOT , DO NOT shop here . Their service stinks ... and the merchandise quality is lousy .
 I was not happy with this product at all . It looks as if the silver has been sprayed on to a piece of metal . I mean you can actaully see bubble on the surface of the ring . Tacky . I do n't feel I got a ring that is truly sterling silver . I mean I guess you get what you pay for .
 The product was fine , but I was taken to the Amazon site to check out , without realizing it . There was very poor communication on the part of the seller as far as the item listing , and extremely poor response to my complaint .
 I got the wrong bracelet . I wanted the New york yankees one and they gave me a texas rangers one . this was supposed to be for my dad now its ruined .
 I was out of town and ordered it for my wife on line . When I was able to see it I was totally shocked how small it was . The picture over stated its size .
 I am really disgusted with the Cat Pendant that arrived today . I bought it as a gift for someone else , and there is no time to return it and get a replacement before Christmas . The open-work cat pendant is really cute and nicely done , but the chain that it floats on is about as thin as a hair . It would break if someone sneezed on it . When I see something described as a `` rope chain '' I think of something a little more substantial.The necklace arrived in a box wrapped around a slotted , folded envelope stuffed with tissue paper and cushioned with a tiny scrap of bubblewrap . In other words , if you buy this necklace , you will also need to purchase another gift box to present it in because the one that came with the necklace looks like trash.I am really angry to have paid $ 45 for what was probably worth only $ 15 .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 These are cute earrings , but not silver . They are stamped 925 , but are attracted to a magnet . Otherwise , nice .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 I ordered this ring for my daughter for Christmas . The description of this ring is wrong . There is no diamond in this ring . I was very disapointed when I received this ring as it is very `` chunky '' and it does not seem to be sized correctly . I ordered a size 7 -LRB- my duaghters normal ring size -RRB- and it is way to large . She took it to several places to have it re-sized and no one will do it because of the metal it is made of . I would like to return the ring but it does not seem like I am able to . If you are interested in ordering this ring - be careful !
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 I ordered this ring for my daughter for Christmas . The description of this ring is wrong . There is no diamond in this ring . I was very disapointed when I received this ring as it is very `` chunky '' and it does not seem to be sized correctly . I ordered a size 7 -LRB- my duaghters normal ring size -RRB- and it is way to large . She took it to several places to have it re-sized and no one will do it because of the metal it is made of . I would like to return the ring but it does not seem like I am able to . If you are interested in ordering this ring - be careful !
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 In the picture it does n't look as bulky as it really is . I got it for my middle finger and it looks SOO big . If it had said men 's ring I would n't have ordered it . It fit , but it 's obviously not a woman 's ring or even unisex .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 I found that the bar on these earrings hurt going through my ear . This seems to be a problem with earrings from this company . Also , the silver seemed dull . They were very good about giving me a prompt credit for the return .
 Eves Addiction is a very good retailer . I would buy from them again ... just not this ring . I bought this for my wife but when she got it she was very dissapointed . The quality of this ring is pretty poor . We returned it .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 This product is only a gold shell . They list the total metal weight and imply that is the gold weight , but it is a very thin gold shell and the rest is cheap metal . I did not realize this at first because the other metal parts are painted gold , but after 6 months when the paint wore off and I could tell it was not really gold they refused to take the cheap piece of junk back . I am very upset as this was a keepsake gift for my daughter 's 16th birthday .14 K Yellow Gold Oval Shaped Locket
 I ordered this one , its a great color , but was defective . The company was great on how they handled the return .
 um , it 's well into 2007 ... late enough that college graduations have begun ... perhaps you should update this listing ...
 Beautiful out of the package , I wore it for about two weeks before it tarnished badly enough to need cleaned . Owning sterling jewelry , I thought it was a little odd , as jewelry does n't need polished that often when you wear it . So I used my silver jewelry cleaning cloth and was amazed to find the metal is NOT sterling , it 's actually penny colored . Okay , to be honest there are a few specks of sterling ... the east , west & south dots and the band surrounding & holding the stone are . I contacted the seller twice and have gotten NO response . It looks horrible , I am BUMMED .
 I bought these for my wife . The earrings were nice but very thin and did not really shine ... much smaller than I thought ... may get attention but someone may need to be very up close to see them ! Looks better in the picture than in real .
 Bought this ring for a gift for my wife and one of the Sapphire fell out of the ring two days after having it .
 Did n't like this ring at all when we received it . I looks really fake and cheap . Big stone looks like glass and the metal actually looks like plastic .
 I realize i did n't purchase a piece of fine jewelry but based on the reviews i was hoping to like it enough to wear when i do n't want to wear my actual wedding rings . However quality is awful , it looks like it went through a blender . Its so cheaply made that i am embarassed to wear it . I will be returning this.The picture looks 10 times better than the ring did in person .
 The necklace came broken with the clasp unattached from the ribbon . Could n't you have used something more robust for making the necklace ?
 My ears are really sensitive and can only wear gold and silver earrings.Had infection after wearing these . So I dun think they were made 100 % 925 stealing silver .
 Do not waste your money . I depend heavily on reviews when making purchases from Amazon.com therefore I had to take the time and let shoppers know that these earrings are not worth any amount of money . After wearing them for two weeks the posts were black . Yuck ! So they went right in the trash .
 They gave me a rash , I never has this issue so I am not sure what material they are made of . I will be returning them .
 The stud broke off one of the earrings . It was bent and I tried to straighten it . Bad idea huh ?
 Cet article ne donne pas un look s&eacute;rieux , a fait comme du toc . Il fait genre pacotille alors que la photo ne le laisse pas entrevoir . Les boules orange sont faites de billes transparentes qui lui donne un genre ` pour adolescent ' . Je ne m ' y attendais pas du tout .
 The earrring seems pretty but there are different color stones in some places random colors like green and dark blue !!!!!!! IT LOOKS NOTHING LIKE THE PICTURE !!!! It is smaller than it seems ... way smaller !!!!! DO NOT BUY ! most earrings from this seller are TERRIBLE !!!!!!!!
 I bought these earrings from this company and they were defective -LRB- missing beads -RRB- . I contacted the company numerous times for a refund and they never responded . I give their customer service the lowest rating , and their product as well .
 I bought the 2mm size and had to send them right back as the ball came off when I tried to remove the back to try them on . Very disappointing .
 I have several pairs of 2 mm earrings , and these are not 2 mm . They are so tiny I assume they must be 1.5 or even 1 . I will probably never wear mine.Way over-priced for what they are .
 I bought these for $ 12 which I thought was such a good price . I gave them to my daughter in law and a week later she gave them back in a zip lock . Three stones had fallen off . I fixed them and gave them back . A week later three more stones had fallen off . They are not made well at all .
 when it was delivered to me there were 3 stones missingim very upset
 I received this after asking for it for 3 years so imagine my surprise when I recieved this cheap necklace . 1st the medallion is extremely thin and no where near the quality I thought it would be . It feels and looks cheap . You would think after spending 100 dollars the quality would at a minimum match that of James Avery but you can not even compare the two . I could bend the medallion with my fingers that is how thin it is possibly about as thick as one milimeter or so . 2nd the chain that the came with it looks like it should be made for a child instead of an adult . It looks cheap and is far to small to go with the medallion and i 'm not talking about the length of the necklace but i 'm talking about the links of the chain . If you have seen baby necklaces and how small the links are this chain is 18 ' of that . After wanting this necklace for so long I feel as though we were cheated by this cheap imitation .
 The first time I got this pendant from SilverSpeck , the chain was box chain type -LRB- better quality -RRB- and made the pendant look even prettier . I ended giving it as a gift to a friend and a week latter I made a second purchase for myself but this time the chain that was included was a rolo link chain type , very , very , very inexpensive looking , and makes the all set -LRB- chain & pendant -RRB- looks cheap . They should give more information about their product and describe better on the `` Product Descripiton '' that the chain they will send is what they have on stock and not what is on the picture.On top of every thing , when I did call SilverSpeck , the person that I spoke with was not friendly and if I can say , there was a bit of rude tone on his voice ! I 'll keep the pendant but will not purchase any more from this company and also next time it rains , I 'll put it outside , so the water of the rain will whash away the bad Chi from that telephone call .
 While these earrings are pretty , the `` gold '' overlay wore off after two wearing . This is JUST wearing during the day , not sleeping with them on or showering . If you want a one-wear earring , this is fine . If you want something that shows quality AND lasts , keep looking .
 I purchased this product after seeing the beautiful portrayal of it on the Amazon.com website . When it arrived , I was very excited to open the box & see my beautiful new belly ring . To my extreme dissapointment , the heart looked more like a disfigured jelly bean & pops right off the post with little effort . I 'm sending it back immediately & will never buy a Paris Hilton item again .
 For the year it stayed on , I loved it . Then the heart came unscrewed and it fell off without me even knowing . I would n't buy another product of Paris 's because jewelry should last longer than a year when properly taken care of .
 like three days after i put it in , my belly button got infected . i guess im more sensative than others but i was really disappointed , it was so cute !!! : -LRB-
 I 've had this belly ring for about 2 months when I noticed an oozing open rash on the side of my belly button . Turns out all the plating on the backside of the heart had worn off and it became really rough . Watch out for this if you buy ! I 've had my belly pierced for 4 years and this has never happened to me before now .
 I am unable to wear this comfortably when sitting . Also , a stone appeared to be missing so I ca n't even ebay it -LRB- I got it as a gift and no receipt -RRB-
 All the crystals fell out of this ring and the metal came off the back . Will turn your belly green !
 I bought these earrings for my niece recently . As soon as I opened them , I knew I had made a mistake . I should have looked at the pictures better ! On most/all of Paris ' jewelry , the crystals appear to be glued on , they are NOT set with prongs . This means the crystals will inevitably fall out at some point , and from some of the reviews of her other jewelry pieces , they sometimes ARRIVE with crystals missing.The fact that this so cheaply made would not bother me , if it were n't for the ridiculous prices of her items . These earrings should cost twenty bucks AT MOST . But for $ 40 , I expect not the best quality , but at least decent quality!They are very cute , I like the design . However I just ca n't get over how this cheap crap is getting priced so high , and this is one of her `` cheaper '' pieces . Do not buy unless you have money to burn and do n't care that they will start to fall apart in a few months , if not sooner .
 These earings were very poorly made.I returned them.The stones were put in very sloppy.They look very cheap .
 I was aghast when I opened the package to see the cheap look of these earrings . It was even more astonishing knowing that theParis Hilton name was behind it . Those stones were beyond cheap looking and had no glitz or sparkle ! I immediately packaged them up and took to the nearest postal service for return.They sure had potential and I had every intention of buying as gifts for others if the set I received were as nice as I had thought theywould be . I did take the time to review the comments at Amazonwhich is a wonderful option , but in this case , somehow I didnot agree with the majority of the reviews . I guess it is true that beauty is in the eye of the beholder . Perhaps it was justbecause it had the Paris Hilton name that was the draw . Too bad they did n't work out as they could have been worn dressed up or down ! !
 I love Paris , I love her jewelery but was very sad that one stone was missing when I took it out of the pouch . I loved it so much I was willing to overlook the flaw but a few weeks later I noticed 6 stones missing . I am not hard on my jewelery but this is obviously a quality issue and I will be sending it back for a refund .
 I was very dissappointed with my bracelet . The stones fell out . I ordered a second one and the same thing happened again . Hopefully they will resolve this problem . It is a very cute bracelet and hope there will be remedy for the problem soon . I 'd like to have another one .
 Seriously , this jewelry is just as fake and cheap as Paris herself . Anyone who would buy it is paying a 75 % -80 % mark-up on what these cheap materials actually cost . Just think by buying this item you not only get taken for your money but you also help support Paris 's excessive lifestyle and social ineptness .
 IM SO UPSET , IT LOOKS LIKE TOTAL GARBAGE ! SERIOUSLY FOR THIS PRICE I EXPECTED ALOT BETTER ... I COULD HAVE GONE TO CLAIRES OR AFTERTHOUGHTS AND GOT A NECKLACE NICER AND PRETTY MADE FOR 5 BUCKS ! THE PICS LIE , ITS SO UGLY ON ! I WOULD BE EMBARASSED TO PUT MY NAME ON THIS PRODUCT BUT SINCE IT IS PARIS HILTON , U CANT REALLY EXPECT CLASS
 On the screen , these earrings looked like a normal size , but we returned them because they were just too large . The size of one of the earrings is about right for a large pendant .
 I saw a chain just like this in Claire 's the other day . It cost $ 15 , and I 'd bet any amount of money that it would last longer than Hilton 's line - and this is from a store known for its cheaply-made costume jewelry.Guess what , girls ? A 3-and-a-half-foot long sterling silver chain with glued-on `` crystals '' -LRB- read
 Honestly , who wants to hang a chain around their waist ? No , seriously ? Can you imagine how that would even FEEL ?! Ugh , to me , this is the biggest waste of money if i 've ever seen one . 100 dollars of CRAP !! You can buy those fake rhinestones in the craft store , stick them around your waist , and they 'd look just the same , not only cost about , hm , FIVE DOLLARS , at the most !!! Do n't buy this , it 's honestly a COMPLETE waist of money .
 My earrings also had clasp issues . One would slip out and the other would n't even snap in place . When trying to fix and wear the darn things , the earrings bent every which way . Very poor quality .
 I thought these earrings looked really cute in the picture , but I was very disappointed when I received them . I thought they were of poor quality , and the stars bent out of shape when I opened and closed them . In addition , the latch on one side was very loose , and the other side was very stiff -LRB- hence the bending of the shape -RRB- . Needless to say , I returned them .
 Unfortunately I was very disappointed with this item . Dont get me wrong , the earrings are beautiful , but after waiting a month after ordering these earrings -LRB- after my order kept getting pushed back and pushed back -RRB- , I got a defective earring that would ` nt even close . Now I have to return it and hope I dont have to wait another month to get the replacement . More hassle than they were worth , for the quality is below what I expected : -LRB-
 I bought this earrings a couples of months ago , the stones are already start to fall and most of them are disappeared by now . You can get much decent products on the market for this price !!!
 This piece was very disappointing ! I bought it for my Paris-loving , teenage fashionista . We were both so excited when the package arrived , but as soon as we opened it , all we could say is Blah ! The crystals are so small they do n't even sparkle . I was really disappointed with the packaging , just a plain navy blue box , with a tag inside . I guess for $ 30.00 i expected more .
 I got this as a gift -LRB- along with the bad perfume , but that 's another category -RRB- and there were stones missing ! I feel so bad for my Aunt who bought this . I could hardly ask for the receipt to return it , so I threw it in the trash . You could make this yourself for under 1 dollar . A heart shaped pendant at the bead store , a few small plastic rhinestones , 12 inches of cord and some glue .
 My daughter really wanted this necklace so against my better judgment I purchased it for her.What a disappointment . The first week the satin cord came out of the clasp and we had to glue it back in . Next the crystal -LRB- small as they are -RRB- started popping out . After 1 month there is nothing left - and we threw it away last night . $ 30 is not a lot of money unless of course you are buying junk .
 You just wasted $ 30 of your money , instead of actually buying something worth it like two new CDs , or something . Ok , the necklace is cheap , it 's a fabric cord , around your neck , not even a sterling silver one , at least metal , it should be . The jewels are probably , those cheap fabric rhinestones or something like that . . Come'on their charging this much , cause it 's a ` Paris Hilton ' original . What a bunch of B.S. I mean , it 's not an ugly neckalce , but it 's not worth even $ 20 !! I 've seen better jewlery at k-mart & it 'd probably last longer too . So , I 'd save you 're money , believe me , there 's better things to use your money on , than this . I do n't own this or will ever buy it either !!
 I am 14 years old and I really like Paris Hilton 's new jewellery line . The only things I do n't like on her jewellery line is this star necklace and the heart necklace on the satin cord . I love all the other pieces but I will probably only buy the star earrings and the heart belly button ring as I just got my belly button pierced . I think its great that I can get jewellery that virtually knowone else will have because I live in the UK .
 My boyfriend purchased the Heart Pendant on the sation pink cord last year sometime . I wore it maybe 2 times and it broke . the cord came completely out of the clasp . He fixed it for me , then the clasp broke . I would not recommend buying this necklace . From what i see , others have had the same problems as I have . ~ Amanda
 My boyfriend bought me this necklace for our anniversary last year . I loved it because it was the only piece of jewelry that he had ever got me and he knew that I am obsessed with Paris Hilton . Soon after I started wearing it , the satin cord came undone from the clasp . I quickly replaced it with a stornger silver necklace . Then , one by one the swarvoski crystals strated to come loose and get lost . As of now , three of the eight crystals are missing . The only reason I still wear it is because it reminds me of my boyfriend , imperfect but thoughtful .
 I was very disappointed when I bought this piece for my daughters B-Day . It looks like a cheap piece of junk and is very overpriced . there is nicer jewelry on sale in the stores for the same price . The satin cord pulls loose from the clasp within 2 weeks and can not be reattached . Your only choice is to return it as defective or buy a thin chain to replace the cord -LRB- defeating the `` pink '' look -RRB- . There are similar reviews here for the satin cord issue , as well as stones falling out . I am surprised & dismayed that Paris would allow her name to be placed on this garbage . THINK TWICE .
 I 'm not sure on this necklace , I think that it looks cheap . If girls get it because they want to be like Paris then at least get the rosary bead cross necklace -LRB- Paris has been seen wearing this a lot -RRB- . I like most of the Paris Hilton jewellery the worst buys being this and the star necklace on the cord . If you want to buy something from her jewellery line I would recommend that you get one of the necklaces with a real silver chain not a cord chain that will get ruined easily .
 This is not a unique piece and I do not really care for how it has `` Paris '' engraved on it . The heart is smaller than I thought it would be and the satin cord is too short for my taste . It is also cheap quality . It 's way overpriced for what you get . This necklace is worth about $ 10 , maybe .
 As mentioned before , this necklace is almost exactly like the Elsa Peretti Carved Heart pendant by Tiffany 's . Both have a silky cord and carved out heart in sterling silver . Although this one is pink and jeweled , the main difference between the necklaces is in the quailty .
 who are we kidding here ? this is a complete rip-off of the classic elsa peretti heart pendant . i hope tiffany 's sues .
 I suppose that if you normally shop at a dollar store , this might be for you . Actually you probably get better quality at a dollar store . `` Swarovski crystals '' are fake stones made in China . Not a natural crystal .
 I really like this , but can not order this as it will not ship here to Canada ... grrr
 This was one of the worst purchases I have ever made . This thing is a cheap piece of garbage . It looks cheap , it feels cheap , it IS cheap . Do n't waste your money on this nasty necklace . It not only looks like something you get out of a gumball machine but it 's not made with any kind of quality either . If I could give this a rating below 1 star I totally would . I hope this necklace burns in hell !
 When I first saw this piece on Amazon.com , I seriously gasped . It is sooooooooo cute ! And since it is from Paris -LRB- my idol -RRB- i knew I must have it ! Sadly , though when reading other 's review , some complain of the crystals falling out , the satin cord falling apart , and the piece being extremely smaller than expected . I mean , I want a nice piece of jewerly , I want it a bit big for others to notice it . I want the cord to hold up for a long time , and I really want the stones to stay in place !!! I mean , for $ 35 of my OWN money , its GOT to be nice !
 Looks MUCH better in this online photo than in person ! Looks terrible ad the butterfly is not clearly defined , kind of looks smeared together . Bought for my mother who loves Blackhills gold , and I was embarrassed when she showed it to me over Christmas . -LRB- I had it mailed to her -RRB- .
 These are as lifeless as they appear in the photo . No sparkle at all . I would n't advise anyone to purchase these . They did come in a timly manner . That is the only thing positive I can say .
 After wearing these earrings only a few days , I lost the stone out of one of the studs .
 I THOUGHT THE OVERALL QUALITY WAS VERY POOR . I DID NOT GIVE THIS TO MY WIFE AND JUST DUMPED IT .
 Purchased this ring as a Christmas gift . After receiving the wrong ring from the seller , and not having it in time for Christmas was already annoyed with it . Finally received the correct ring almost 3 weeks after the initial contact from the seller saying the correct ring would be sent . Was upset in the quality , or lack there of . I have owned several spinner rings , and this one does not match up . First , the inside ring that the spinner sits in is not a solid band . It has vertical openings throughout it therefore not making it very sturdy . The ring was accidentally dropped the first week she wore it , and the spinner stopped . Looking at the ring it was clear the inside ring had bent slightly . After attempting to stretch and shape it back , the ring would spin slightly , but not freely as it should . Overall , a very disappointing purchase . It has the potential to be an awesome ring , but the shortcut on silver in the inside band truly deteriorates the quality . I would not recommend making this purchase .
 I bought this as a christmas present for my girlfriend . I thought b/c it is sterling silver it would be good to go , but apparently it is just cheap b/c now there is a green ring around her finger . I 'm annoyed and want my money back ! Now I seem like a cheap-o that ca n't pick out a good ring ... BS .
 This ring is made of the cheapest `` silver '' known to man ... it leaves your finger black within minutes of putting it on . These days , silver is usually at LEAST coated to protect the wearer from that `` oh so icky '' black tarnish that can form on the skin under the ring . No such luck with this piece of crap . Not only did it leave the `` attractive '' black as soot band around my finger , one of the rings I ordered -LRB- I ordered three for myself , my girlfriend and our `` gay supporter '' roomie -RRB- was defective in that the band that is supposed to spin , would n't budge without great force . So , at the risk of sounding redundant , this ring , is crap . Go buy something that has at least the coating on it to protect your finger from the appearance of blackrot !
 Sterling Silver Rainbow Moonstone Celtic Knot EarringsFour days before Christmas I recieved these earrings . The hook for the ear was attached backwards ! If worn , the earring itself with the moonstone would be facing to the back . It was very disappointing . I was unable to use these earrings as a Christmas gift . In fact , they are unwearable !!!
 Earrings are more suited for a child . Magnified to the extreme on screen . Earrings Direct -LRB- vendor -RRB- needs to make it more convienient for the buyer to make contact .
 DO N'T BUY THIS ITEM.WHEN I ORDERED IT IT BROKE EASILY.I PROMISE I AM NOT LYING.ALSO THEY ARE NOT EXTRA LARGE.BE SURE NOT TO BUY .
 I bought this for my daughter but she did not get to wear it at all . The hoops are so tiny and the lock is so cumbersome that I could not even put it on her . I had to return them .
 earrings are too small and the post are very soft and bend very easily . Would not buy again or recommend
 I received the SS Triquetra Celtic knot earrings . The engraving was detailed , the earring itself was a very thin metal and bent out of shape easily . The backings were tiny and I lost one within two weeks .
 I purchased these earrings as replacements for an earring I lost . The size is OK -LRB- difficult to determine on-line -RRB- the actual diameter of the tube is much finer than expected . I wear these 24/7 as I did my original set and have had them for about a week . The earrings are changing color - they look stained - kind of redish which 14k gold should not do unless subjected to something like iodine . These earring have had nothing but shampoo and water touch them . I will most likely be returning them.I contacted Earrings Direct and was told they could do nothing for me even though the issue is defective product related . They told me to `` polish them '' . Do not use this firm - they have very poor customer service .
 The first time I tried to put on these earrings one of the earrings snapped because it was n't flexible enough to allow me to put it in my ear . The other earring was flexible and I had no problems with it . I 've bought earrings similar to these from other companies and have been able to wear them for years , which only makes this experience more disappointing .
 I bought this thinking I was getting a fantastic price for what looked like a beautiful piece of jewelry . Lies . The price you pay is what you get . The metal was very hard and it hurt to wear . It pinched my skin and was very uncomfortable . I ended up not wearing it and bought a different one on Amazon for $ 5 -- spend a few more dollars . It 's worth it ! I would not recommend this product .
 THE CLOSURE FOR THE EARINGS WAS NOT SECURE , AS A RESULT , EVERYTIME ANYTHING BRUSHED AGAINST YOUR EAR THE CLOSURE CAME UNDONE AND , WITHIN TWO WEEKS , I LOST ONE EARING.THIS TYPE OF CLOSURE IS NOT PRACTICLE FOR ANYONE WHO IS REMOTELY ACTIVE .
 I purchased these as a gift for my mother . She saw them on Amazon andasked that I buy them for her . She ended up returning them because thepost did not seem secure . It did not extend deep enough into the hollowhoop end , and seemed as though the earring would fall out of the ear prettyeasily .
 Thought that the peridot would be darker or brighter and was surprised at the band that looked like an eternity ring . The large stone looks more yellow than green . But as time goes on , I find that it looks great with all my yellow tops .
 The pearl was great ! However , the silk cord is too hard to get on and is not big enough for an adult to wear
 Taking into account the rest of the reviews ... I must 've gotten a bad copy . The ring itself would be beautiful if it were cut or molded right . The points in the center do n't line up . Also the sides of the cross are n't parallel . They are definitely slanted . Going to return this asap . For almost $ 80 ... I expected much better .
 I was so excited when I first saw this and when I received it and tried to wear it , it just was not a ring I felt I could wear for any length of time as it seemed to dig in the fingers . May not be putting this right but I was unhappy with it .
 Do not recommend this ring at all . Even though it is channel set , the stones keep falling out . The first stone had fallen out within an hour of the first time my mom wore it . She did n't do any housework or whack the ring on anything either .
 This ring looked nice when new . The description states it 's sterling silver . My wife wore it for about two weeks and the shiny finish started to peel . I assumed it was solid sterling , but it appears to be plated with sterling silver . A darker silver colored metal is under the peeled surface . I would not buy this item again .
 I was shocked when I saw this ring , it was not what I expected . I have never seen a ring so small , not made for humans . it 's something I 'd expect in a bon bon at Christmas time.It 's too tight for my pinky , the sizing is all wrong.I ca n't imagine them selling this item in a jewelry shop , very disappointing , not worth the money at all . I wo n't buy jewelry online anymore.A regret
 I was shocked when I saw this ring , it was not what I expected . I have never seen a ring so small , not made for humans . it 's something I 'd expect in a bon bon at Christmas time.It 's too tight for my pinky , the sizing is all wrong.I ca n't imagine them selling this item in a jewelry shop , very disappointing , not worth the money at all . I wo n't buy jewelry online anymore.A regret
 Very tight ring , looks pretty nice but if you wear it it doesnt come off and you can hardly bend your finger because it is so big ! Not for me ...
 My son bought this from my wish list as an early Christmas gift . . within the first hour of wear , it fell off my wrist!I thought the clasp came open , it actually broke between where the flowers/crystals meet and sadly could not be fixed .
 My grandmother gave this to me last year , and I loved it . It tarnished quickly , and when I tried to clean it , the black coloring in the word engraving came off . Pretty bracelet in the box .
 I wore this a couple times with a pretty pressed glass amulet . One night , taking it off , the cord came apart from the metal in my hand . I have since bought black leather cord -LRB- for $ 4.88 , from Wal-mart -RRB- and created my own cord , knotted at the back , to slip over my head . Not as good , but at least it wo n't rot or separate on me .
 The necklace Cord for Pendants was not the size I expected . By that I mean that the cord was very narrow . It did not have the thickness that I thought that I was getting and the clasp was so small that most would people find it hard to use . An extremely very poor value at $ 5.49 for each one !
 It is so small that it was almost a joke - the charm is too small to wear as an earring
 While this is a very nice looking ring it is not real sterling silver . I 've had it for less than a few days and it 's already started to turn my finger green . It is stamped with 925 on the inside , but it surely is not . The inside of the ring is already starting to ` wear ' off . Very disappointing because I would have been more than willing to spend a few extra dollars on this to get a REAL STERLING SILVER RING . Buyers if you are looking for real solid sterling silver , do n't waste your money here . I 'm going to be very reluctant to purchase anything else from this seller.NOTE
 Watch out , buyers -- this ring is NOT sterling silver . It turned my finger green in less than 24 hours . I love the design ; it 's very unique , but it is not what it has been advertised as . I had to use the clear nail polish method to keep it from turning my finger green . If you want a cool ring that is not actual silver , then this is the ring for you . Otherwise , do n't bother .
 This product looked great on screen but broke in half after two months of wearing it . The metal just started vanishing and unless I have tremendously strong soap , it was not even worth the shipping .
 I was not at all happy with this ring when it arrived . It did not look at all like the picture , but flatter and rougher around the edges . Please note that the braiding does not go all the way around . This is clear in the picture , but I did not notice before I ordered it . Also , the sizing was a bit on the small side .
 Unlike in the photo , the ring does n't have the design completely around the ring . There is about a two or three millimetre section that is solid silver . Also , some of the strands of silver look broken instead of woven under another strand like in the product picture . I would keep in mind that since the ring is n't a solid band , it may bend easily .
 this ring is not sturdy in anyway whatsoever . It is not a `` solid '' band and it is not 1/4 '' thick ... it is about 2mm thick and 1/4 '' wide . It arrived bent and has several disruptions/flaws in the design . Its luster is much brighter than the picture , but this is a horrible ring ! I used to have a ring of the same design and was excited to replace it , until I received this one . **** NOT WORTH the MONEY ***** it looks like it belongs in a bubble gum machine . Whoever is rating it highly is either lucky or lying .
 First they sent me a ring with a huge crack on gem.Then I sent it back.It was in October 2009 . On January 7 I was informed that they sent me replacement.But I have n't got anything.The result : I have nothing for my money .
 Yes , it is a very pretty belly ring . I just love the colour and the style , though I agree the bar is too long , but I am unsure of how the previous buyer 's changed it . After wearing it for a few hours around the home when it first arrived , I noticed the middle part of the rose had fallen out . I was devastated . Luckily , I found it and was able to glue it bad in place . Other than that , it lokos extremely good , especially for summer!Just like to add despite the fact that I glued it back in place , the centre part of the rose continues to fall off .
 The rose bud fell off just two weeks after buying this ring . I would not recommend this belly button ring !
 Bought to fit on a pandora bracelet . Too small for that . Otherwise it is a nice charm .
 It has n't been easy finding a decent box for the ring I got for my fiance . Truth be told , this is slightly better than the three others I 've ordered online recently only to throw them away as soon as I got them . This could have been so much better if someone had picked a better color and material for the hinge which is cheap looking and poorly installed . The wood finish was also poorly done with small areas missed during the varnish application . Great company to deal with , unfortunately not a great product considering the reason why the average customer would order this .
 Be warned , this product does not look quite the same as the picture might have you believe.You 'll notice that the leather in the picture appears to be a subtle off-white while the real thing is a blinding pure white.Also , the interior is constructed somewhat differently than depicted.What is truly disappointing is the box itself.You 'll notice that the box depicted appears to be a smooth brownish-red in color . In reality the color is vibrant red . I 'm talking clown nose red . I 'm talking call girl 's lipstick red.The varnish or lacquer or whatever it is is applied so thickly there 's no telling whether this is truly cherry wood or not.If the above described seems like something you 'd like to purchase , know there are similar items sold here on Amazon for less.VERY DISAPOINTING .
 This pair of earrings were nice but the gold detailing on them was not complete so I was rather disappointed .
 These earrings would have been lovely if they had consistent quality . The gold detailing on one earring is quite heavy , but very complete , while the gold detailing on the other is extremely light and messy . Was going to give these as a gift , but not now - I 've seen nicer looking things from the dollar store .
 Cute ring but the silver is so thin that it broke within 2 days of wearing it . Low quality item .
 They 're okay . A lot bigger than they look , and the stone 's actually look kinda fake . Not something I 'll be wearing often -LRB- in fact , I 've not worn them once since I received them about three months ago -RRB-
 I ordered this as a Christmas gift . I would be embarassed to give this to someone . The heart was mis-shaped and flawed with rough edges and uneven finish . Will not exchange as I feel the quality is so poor . It is not stamped .925 . It is stamped `` Sterling '' . Very disappointed .
 The first time I tried to put these on , the prong broke . How do I return them for being defective ?
 If your girlfriend / wife likes Dolphins - and this pendant appeals - do yourself a favor and skip it . It is so light , and cheap as to be confused for plastic . In fact , if it did n't have a metallic ` clink ' when it touches metal I would swear it was.Very cheap .
 The product looks much better on the picture , i did not like it and had to return it .
 I have several genuine swarovski crystals that were expensive in comparison to the one I am reviewing . My daughter purchased one in Austria and I wore it everyday for about 2 years . I have several others that I purchased at mall kiosks and all have held up well . Although the crystal I am reviewing is beautiful , I have only had it for a few weeks and have noticed that it already has several chips . One side of the crystal actually has a noticeable gouge out of it . I ca n't explain how this has happened since I have not been scaling walls or rolling in sandpits recently -LRB- joke -RRB- . All I can say is that the other crystal , several years older , that I have been wearing at the same time , is fine . It 's not a huge loss , since the crystal was quite cheap . I guess `` you get what you pay for '' applies in this case .
 This item is very pretty just like in the picture but in the description it says it fits 1ct diamond earrings and it does n't . I had to return this item because it did n't fit my 1ct diamond earrings . Great item but wrong description . The Amazon customer service representative was very nice on the phone and I received free return shipping . It has been a week and I am waiting for my credit card to be refunded .
 I liked the look but they broke right away .
 This belly ring is pure junk and the company sucks . They wo n't contact you back for anything . It fell apart after two days .
 The `` simulated diamond cut '' looks a lot prettier in the picture than it does in person . In the picture , there is at least a vague semblance of diamonds . The actual product , however , does not have the appearance at all . Instead , it looks like a fancy paper clip.On a positive note , they are lightweight and would not drag down your earlobes .
 These Artazia pieces are pretty , but if you 're looking for Star of David necklaces that embody more of the mystical power and sacred symbolism of the Star of David you might prefer to check out David Weitzman 's work -LRB- more info in my profile . -RRB- I find the Artazia pieces a little to `` out there '' and interpretive , not quite as magical and lovely as they should be .
 I loved this ring . I bought and received another one as well as earrings from this vendor at the same time . Much to my surprise and disappointment , one of the stones fell out today . I do n't want to go to the trouble to return it so I glued it back ... I hope I do n't lose anymore stones . : - -LRB-
 While I was specifically looking for this exact charm and was delighted to find it , I am less than thrilled with how long it has lasted . The pink little girls dress fell off of the gold girl charm in less than two weeks . While the charm still looks presentable and no one can tell unless they look really closely , it was a disappointment .
 A dingy muddled piece with low brilliance , and a chunky chain . Promised presentation case was not provided as advertised , came in a cheap drawstring bag . But there is no time to return and replace due to counting on item for a birthday present . Marginally acceptable transaction . The only good aspect was on time shipping . Whoopie ! Never again . Jewelry should be bought at a store not sight unseen - expensive lesson .
 It is significant and relevant to a purchaser to know the exact size of the charm to be purchased . I would add this charm to a bracelet with other charms . This infomation is not provided so I was not able to decide whether to purchase it or not .
 It did n't theem like a bad idea when my wife thaid it would be great if I got a tongue ring to match herth . Thee did n't theem to mind it too much and it did n't affect her thpeech notithably that I could tell . Thee thaid it wath a thex thing but without going into detail it jutht made me itch.Anyway I chothe the pink rathing mad dog becauthe it betht fit my perthonality , I 'm kinda tough and thenthitive at the thame time . Then we went to what I now think ith the inappropriately named `` Thafe and Thavvy Tattooth and Pierthingth '' . And thith guy thartth putting a thewing needle through my tongue and it thtill hurtth like all heck ! I did n't eckthpect it to be painleth but holy thit!I tried to thmile after they inthtalled the thing but it wath jutht too painful . Unfortunately the ring ith locked in plathe and the tattoo thtore ca n't get it out ! And tho now I 'm thtuck with thith thing and it ` th not very mathculine to thpeak the way I do now . We have to thet up an appointment with a doctor and I 'm thure that ith n't going to be fun.Tho think twithe abouth thith . It thtill really hurtth like a thon of a bith !
 This looks great in the picture , and it 's a nice little ring ... but it will look like a nice little ring . The pattern is etched so low and thin only you can see it and only when you hold it close to your face ... and I have 20/15 vision . If you want to show support , this is , sadly , not going to do the trick . I gave them 2 stars only because the size was correct and the material seems to be good . If you insist on buying it ... tell everone what it is so they know .
 I had one of these machines . It was a birthday gift . I used it twice and the machine stopped working . I contacted Blitz and was promised a replacement machine . That 's been over a month ago and no machine has arrived . Blitz has lousy customer service .
 Tried it on several types of jewelry with the recommended cleaning solution . It does n't have any noticeable cleaning capability , and will be going back to Macy 's .
 I 'm giving this snowflake charm a low rating because of the size . If it would be larger , it would be gorgeous . Photos on the internet can be deceiving . This snowflake charm is a little smaller than a dime .
 Before buying this piece , take careful note of the listed information about the product . The grade is I2-I3 , which is the last step before the diamond is broken up into tiny pieces for cheap jewelry at Wal-Mart or ground up into industrial abrasives . The color is at a level just barely acceptable for `` white '' jewelry.In one respect , you do have to give the seller some credit for honesty . I ca n't imagine they are inflating the specifications that much for stones that bad . However , this piece gets one star for that joke of a list price . It simply is not realistic , and is listed solely to make you think you are getting a `` good deal . '' If anybody ever actually paid that price , they might as well have been robbed . I know that inflated `` list prices '' are common in the jewelry industry , but this one takes the cake!SirWired
 Recieved this product today and it was not like the picture . Instead of being solid gold it was replaced blues , purples , green and even burnt brown . I cant believe this is what i purchased . When i called to explain they were not even sorry for sending something so different from the above pictures . Never again will i order from Palm Beach Jewlery .
 el producto llego defectuoso , uno de los bombillos que forman parte del cuffinks estaba desprendido.Estas cosas deberian de cuidarse y no ocurrir con sus clientes . lamentablemente quedo muy insatisfecho y sin saber a donde efectuar el reclamo de calidad correspondiente .
 Its one sided and doesnt look as appealing as it does in the picture . Dont really know if it is really worth 30 bucks .
 The pendant is very beautiful but when I putted it on was very disappointed . The pendant goes upside-down whenever you move . The designer did not try it on !!!!! It is a shame because it is very delicate and elegant .
 The charm was very pretty , however in the description there was nothing to indicate the size of the charm and I did not realize that it would be too small for my daughter .
 Unfortunately , I am not savvy about thickness terminology , so I went by the photo . The photo must be magnified by a trillion . ha . This necklace is paper thin , and looks like it will not last long at all . The other reviewers who said they were getting this for a boyfriend ? This is not a `` guy '' chain at all . The balls are teeny . . it nowhere at all resembles those `` dog-tag '' chain type necklaces if that is what you are looking for . If you are looking for a nice DAINTY chain for a woman , it would be okay . The seller however was nice enough to write me back about a refund -LRB- why I gave 2 stars , -RRB- but it was Christmas time and I was just too busy , so did n't get it done .
 Unfortunately , I am not savvy about thickness terminology , so I went by the photo . The photo must be magnified by a trillion . ha . This necklace is paper thin , and looks like it will not last long at all . The other reviewers who said they were getting this for a boyfriend ? This is not a `` guy '' chain at all . The balls are teeny . . it nowhere at all resembles those `` dog-tag '' chain type necklaces if that is what you are looking for . If you are looking for a nice DAINTY chain for a woman , it would be okay . The seller however was nice enough to write me back about a refund -LRB- why I gave 2 stars , -RRB- but it was Christmas time and I was just too busy , so did n't get it done .
 THIS RING WAS NOT INCLUDED IN THE SHIPMENT . I CAN NOT FIND OUT WHERE TO WRITE TO AMAZON . PLEASE HELP !!!
 This necklace turned black after a few months . Now the outside is black and the inside is still shiny so it looks like it has zebra stripes .
 I bought this to wear with a pendant however the chain would not fit through the bail as it was to thick , i had to send it back but i got a prompt refund !
 I was excited when I saw this crystal combo but when it arrived in the mail I saw that it was NOTHING like it looked in the ad ! My wife told me that it looked like something you give to a child ! She said it looked like a toy ! I was mortified ! I wish I could send it back because my wife refuses to wear it !
 I was excited when I saw this crystal combo but when it arrived in the mail I saw that it was NOTHING like it looked in the ad ! My wife told me that it looked like something you give to a child ! She said it looked like a toy ! I was mortified ! I wish I could send it back because my wife refuses to wear it !
 I suppose I should have known better given the very low price of this ring , but I was still surprised when I opened the package only to find a ring that looks like something you would get out of a gumball machine.I admit that I am no expert on jewelry , and thus it is possible I am incorrect in my displeasure , but to me the entire product , from the band to the `` opal '' -LRB- and I use the term loosely -RRB- looked like cheap plastic . I would under no circumstances recommend this product to anyone .
 This purchase was my most disappointing purchase ever ! It 's not Sterling Silver and it 's Chinese Turquoise . It 's also not real leather . So it 's worth about $ 5 and is selling for 5 times that much . I do NOT recommend this product !
 Horrible product , is very cheap and the coloring is terrible . I would n't recommed this to anyone .
 Could n't even get the bar to fit into the ball ends , let alone wear it . Completely useless , which should be obvious because of how cheap it is . I had to go elsewear to find a good pregnant belly button ring .
 The ring came only a couple of days after I ordered it , and it was just as pretty as the picture makes it look -- but when I took it to a jewelry repair shop to have it sized down to fit me , they discovered that the ring is only plated in sterling silver and that the inner metal is not resizeable . It destroyed the ring . I was very disappointed because it was beautiful and the company 's website swears that they use only genuine metals and gems ... short story , they lied .
 Thought I was buying a knife . For $ 5.00 plus $ 3.95 . . Total price of $ 8.95 . I will check on returning .
 When I received this bracelet , I was happy with the look . It was pretty and the photo heart was an appropriate size . Well , when I tried to insert the picture into the heart , it was next to impossible ! A heart is not an easy shape to cut a small picutre into , anyway , but this was insane !! When I finally did get the picture into it , I could not get the plastic cover back on . When I did , it ended up looking really cheap . This bracelet was good in theory , just not good in reality . Next time I will buy a necklace with an oval locket !
 The earrings that I recieved were larger than indicated on picture , therefore I had to return them . But the good thing is that I recieved full refund immediately without no hassle .
 In browsing the jewelry section of amazon.com , I came across what appeared to be a great deal ... this Floating Heart Pendant with Diamond by Samuel Jewelers . The online image looked lovely and the thought of a diamond and white-gold combination for under $ 50 was very appealing . I purchased the item ... . I received the necklace earlier today and I must say , I am VERY disappointed with it . The piece is much smaller than I thought it would be -- diamond is practically invisible , the white-gold chain itself is n't at all elegant or eye-appealing , and because the chain is so delicate , thin , it makes it very difficult to put on and remove the necklace . Do not waste your money on this . Buy your girl/woman a dozen roses instead !
 I purchased this for my 88 y.o. grandmother for Christmas ... Came giftwrapped , so I did n't see the product till Christmas morning ... I was quite disappointed . The diamond grade is poor , and the pendant is white gold , yet the chain is silver and is so fragile and small , that I nearly broke it when I took it out of the box for her . The clasp are so small , that she cant put it on herself ... I bought a white gold chain that is bigger ... looks great now .
 Got this for my wife for Christmas and the item itself is very nice . There was a glitch with the Amazon site and a duplicate order was placed for the item from Samuels Jewelers and an item directly from Amazon.Amazon fixed the issue with their item right away.After making five attempts -LRB- both via email and voice mail -RRB- to contact Samuels Jewelers I got zero response and have STILL gotten no response at all.I had to refuse the order and only got a partial refund , I 'm assuming it was partial because of shipping fees . I would contact the buyer about this but it seems pointless as they do n't respond to their customers anyway .
 bought this for my wife and she got to wear it twice and the necklace broke . Fixed it and it broke again . It is very weak where the chain attaches to the hasp .
 this comment has nothing to do with the item . it may be gorgeous , but i still have n't received it after two weeks . i paid for expedited shipping as well , which will end up costing you half of what the item costs . i contacted customer service about this and asked for a refund of the shipping , at least but they said they ca n't do anything about it . that 's true , but it seems by reading other reviews , they have a history of items getting `` lost in the mail '' or slow shipping . so if you are very patient , then maybe buy it , otherwise i suggest getting something from a much more reliable seller .
 THIS ITEM IS A RIPOFF IT IS VERY SMALL . YOU CAN BARELY SEE THE DIAMOND DO NOT BUY THIS IS THE WORST PURCHASE I HAVE EVER MADE
 These ` pearls ' are beautiful and a great deal . But be wary because they are so heavy , that the clasp is prone to breaking - and sadly , you ca n't return them for new ones from this seller . It 's only possible to get a refund and reorder the same necklace , but after all the hassle I do n't want to risk it with the same product . Very sad as I liked the pearls a lot . Maybe I got a defective one ?
 Do n't even waste your time if your specificly looking for a GLOW in the dark ring . Because this one just does n't ! I was very dissapointed when I received it and found out that it did n't glow in the dark !!!
 This is a terrible product . It is not .925 sterling silver , it turned my thumb green . Took forever to arrive . There was odd filling where the openings were suppose to be . I regret buying this .
 Does not look anything like the picture . Poorly made , tarnishes horribly and was a very strange color when it arrived - and even stranger now ! Avoid this ring !
 I bought this for some chick I was seeing , I thought it would be a nice little necklace , it turned out to be larger than I thought . In case you date Sasquach stay away .
 The 18K gold ` paint ' wears off within a week or two . I have this ring and parts are goldish and the rest is silver , now . Not worth the price tag . I would recommend buying a silver ring .
 This does not look the same as in the picture provided . Instead of a disco ball , it looks like plastic with silver glitter in it . I was disapointed , seeing as how I was buying it for my niece .
 Although I have enjoyed the anklet , the color is now `` gold-tone '' rather than silver . I received the anklet as a gift last Christmas -LRB- a year -RRB- . It would not seem to be actual sterling . I do n't really enjoy it as much as I once did . I am disappointed in the lasting quality .
 Idk why i bought this or if i did buy it ... I can not access the memory of having this is doing anything with it ... - . - ... . ummmm yeah . . so idk what to say about it ... its a chain ... . what can really go wrong with it ...
 was very heartbroken with this product to small not a well made at all wish i would have sent it back
 I loved the idea of the necklace but the pewter blackened my neck . It wasvery costume jewelry looking . I would check for allergies to pewter before you buy this for you or anyone . I was hoping for more .
 I like the looks of it , but once I tried wearing it the buckle would continue to open and the end would stick up/out . The little brackets used to hold down the end that is pulled through the buckle kept sliding as well , so it would n't stay put . I think I have to return it !
 As in the other rings of same style from same vendor , I am very disappointed . The stones fall out immediately on first wear and they are not brilliant as one would like . Can not clean them as the silver goes dark , and since there is silver between each stone the ring is dull . I wore each of the 4 -LRB- diff colors -RRB- I purchased only once . So I would consider these disposable rings and will not be purchasing from this vendor again .
 Started tarnishing the day I opened it . I 've had it for three months and it looks like an old , ugly , gold chain ; when it started out as a sparkly , shiny , silver chain ! Do n't get it unless you 're prepared with Silver Jewelry cleaner on hand .
 These are not what I thought they were going to be they look good in the picture but when I got them the quality just is n't there . I ca n't wear them with out completely bending the hooks out of shape . They are more like silver plastic .
 I expected to receive what 's in the picture , and I did get a clear tongue ring , but there was a big jewel in one of the balls and it 's not what I expected . It 's cute , but it scratches and irritates the roof of my mouth and it 's not what I ordered , so I was disappointed about that .
 Unless every ruler in my house is wrong , the measurements of this chain are not accurately reported . The beads are 2mm rather than 3mm ... Is it the end of the world ? No , I did n't send the necklace back , but I would have preferred what 3mm which is what I thought I was ordering . Also with the clasp included , the necklace is a little longer than 22 '' . Had I known all this , I would have ordered a larger bead size and a shorter chain length .
 I got this for my husband so he could wear his dog tags on something nicer then the standard military issued necklace . Anyway , he wore it 2 weeks before the whole chain turned BLACK . It did not remain silver , and was not cheap for something that only lasted 2 weeks !!! Caution when buying .
 Purchased two ball chains in different sizes and the clasp broke on both within a week .
 This is my first review and the only reason why I 'm writing is because I hate this product so much.There are many reviews of jewelery products that say that the items are different from the pictures ... But these guys take it to another level
 was very heartbroken with this product to small not a well made at all wish i would have sent it back
 The price was good but I did not like it once I received it .
 Within 5 minutes of wearing these earrings my ear lobes started swelling up and turning red . These are not real white gold earrings , those who are allergic beware !
 Came in a plain box with a swath of cotton , no certificate , no 14 k tag , no notes or letter . For all I know , they could be a light platting or even used jewelry .
 Dec. 2009 - The posts/backs have not gotten any better ... . one back did not last taking the tag off -LRB- it is an adhesive tag attached to the circle of the back . . bent way out of shape and ca n't be bent back . Earring itself is nice . . but no indentation on the end of the post to hold the back on . If you are going to buy any of Amazon 's earrings , expect to have to find new backs that fit the earring post .
 This earrings are definitely made to be lost !!! They 're gorgeous but they seem to just fall off your ears ... be warned ...
 I loved the simpleness of these earrings and knew I could wear them with anything but I did notice that the backings were not as secur as I thought they should be , but being the optimist that I am , I wore them anyway . I enjoyed them for a week until I came home one day with only one on ! The clasp needs to be examined and reworked on these so it doesnt happen to anyone else .
 The backing I received was not the one pictured . They were undersized and because of it I lost one of the earrings in one week . You are better off buying something else .
 The earrings looked great but the clasp did not hold . I wore earrings once and when I got home I noticed left earring was gone . The clasp on back did not hold . I looked everywhere and never did find it . Kind of expensive for one wearing.I would love to have another pair but wo n't be paying for one .
 The gold balls came off their posts four weeks after use.I would not recommend .
 I loved these earrings , but also noticed that the backs were tiny . I did n't have a problem putting them on or taking them off , but yesterday one of them fell out sometime during the afternoon . It 's gone -- probably never to be found . These are pretty , but be sure to use your own larger backs .
 When I received these earrings one was missing a earring back . They are pretty big also . I honestly do n't think they are worth the price either .
 These earrings are very pretty and nice . However I was looking for earrings for my second hole and they were much larger than I had expected - too large for a second hole . If you like wearing studs on your first hole , these would probably be nice -LRB- but still quite large for studs -RRB- . Appeared to be great quality . I did end up returning them though , since they were larger than I had expected .
 The earrings are 7mm white gold studs , and clasps . To my horror , the clasps were tiny version of an earring clasp , possible for a premature , newborn baby . They were very small , extremely flexible , totally ineffective , and extremely disappointing . I had to buy clasps from a local jeweler for $ 25.00 . I will not purchased jewelry from Amazon again .
 FYI , DO NOT BUY !!!!! Ordered these ear rings for a gift . Came with no paper work . One ear ring was miossing a back , and post was bent . Upon close inspection , there is NOT a 14K stamp on these any where . Will take to a jeweler to see if real gold , prior to returning .
 Loved these when I got them , they looked great . However , I wore them twice and the second time the post fell off the earring . They are poorly made .
 These earings were ok for about a week . After that , the back of the earing started coming loose . I actually lost an earing and found it , just because It was too loose to stay on my ear .
 The ball earrings are beautiful and I was very disappointed to find that the posts are so short , what you would expect to find on earrings for a small child . The posts were also thin , but that was okay . Also , the tension backs were so tiny , I had a hard time handling them . If I had purchased them for the Jan 2007 price , I might have kept them and had new posts and backs put on by my local jeweler . The photo shows the posts and backs to be more substantial . Sadly , I have to return them .
 The diamond is not sparkling . These earrings are beautiful in the picture , yet not when you put them on .
 The diamonds were on the lower range described , Color I , Clarity SI2 -LRB- not really a surprise ... -RRB- but the mountings were 14k and not 18k white gold as stated .
 The charm looks very nice and went well with the charm bracelet my wife has . The downside to this is that the circle connector that comes with the charm very easily gets separated and the charm falls off . We had to go to the hardware store to get something a little more stable so that it would n't fall off and get lost forever .
 My boyfriend ordered this pendant for me for Valentine 's Day . What they sent him is 5mm longer -LRB- leaving more space between the diamonds -RRB- , and I think it 's actually only .1 carat , rather than .15 . Maybe they sent the wrong thing , or maybe they 're being dishonest .
 I agree with the prior reviewer who said the rubber bands start breaking . I had it about a month and wore it nearly every day when I noticed that the rubber bands which were at first neatly concealed , began to shred and break - thus poking through between the bands which make up this otherwise charming piece.Also please note that it is ` silver tone ' - NOT sterling , so it also tarnishes easily and can cause discoloration of skin in metal sensitive wearers -LRB- like myself -RRB- . I stopped wearing it due to the unsightly rubber strings poking through . I plan to visit a craft store for some jewelry making supplies to salvage it since I do love the sentiment and quaint charm of the piece nonetheless .
 The bracelet I got have scatches everywhere . Not shiny at all.If that 's the way it 's supposed to be , please use another picture . Very misleading .
 It 's came all scratched , hardly as shiny as the picture , which was probably brightened to white out the scratches . Also , the bracelet is 2.25 inches in diameter -LRB- TINY -RRB- ... held together by rubberbands . Dont get this ~ ~ By the way , I think all those people below this comment with the `` Real Name '' thing are all just BSing as in none of them actually bought it.Edit
 Although I liked the size of these earrings , they were very thin and the closure was not secure . With my long hair , it would n't have taken much to have lost one or both and not known it . Certainly not worth the money .
 I never received the product . I ordered this for a Christmas delivery and e-mailed them twice when I did not receive this Christmas gift . I have never heard from them . Today is Jan 16 , 2007 and I have not received the product or even heard from this outfit .
 I love the style of this ring , which is why I bought it . Being on such a strict budget , we could n't afford real diamonds so I started looking into other options . I thought I had a real treasure with this ring , until I got it ! The main stone was so cloudy and the band was missing stones . Like something you get out of a candy machine . The return policy was a joke and I never got my money back . It does say on the return instructions that the company is not responsible if they never receive the returned product ; which is why I sent it with delivery confirmation . I followed all of their 20 + rules -LRB- slightly exaggerating here -RRB- , sent it within the limited time frame , and filled out all of the paperwork . Never heard from them again , when I called their customer service I am only told that they are not responsible . Go figure ! I sure could have used that $ 60 for my wedding , hence the `` limited budget '' . What I find most amusing is that they have no problem sending me product magazines every month , guess mail only works one way there . LOL Luckily I ordered it in plenty of time to keep shopping around before our wedding . What a disappointment though ! I will never buy from this supplier again .
 For the money , I expected this ring to be fairly high quality , but 3 of the side stones fell out in the first month of wearing . If you know a jeweler who can check the setting of each stone , and you really like the style , then get it . But have the jeweler check it out before you start wearing it .
 This ring was very disappointing , I guess you do get what you pay for , it was very cheap looking and it turned my finger green . The inside started peeling within the first 2 weeks . The cz looks cloudy and like plastic .
 I love the style of this ring , which is why I bought it . Being on such a strict budget , we could n't afford real diamonds so I started looking into other options . I thought I had a real treasure with this ring , until I got it ! The main stone was so cloudy and the band was missing stones . Like something you get out of a candy machine . The return policy was a joke and I never got my money back . It does say on the return instructions that the company is not responsible if they never receive the returned product ; which is why I sent it with delivery confirmation . I followed all of their 20 + rules -LRB- slightly exaggerating here -RRB- , sent it within the limited time frame , and filled out all of the paperwork . Never heard from them again , when I called their customer service I am only told that they are not responsible . Go figure ! I sure could have used that $ 60 for my wedding , hence the `` limited budget '' . What I find most amusing is that they have no problem sending me product magazines every month , guess mail only works one way there . LOL Luckily I ordered it in plenty of time to keep shopping around before our wedding . What a disappointment though ! I will never buy from this supplier again .
 For the money , I expected this ring to be fairly high quality , but 3 of the side stones fell out in the first month of wearing . If you know a jeweler who can check the setting of each stone , and you really like the style , then get it . But have the jeweler check it out before you start wearing it .
 This ring was very disappointing , I guess you do get what you pay for , it was very cheap looking and it turned my finger green . The inside started peeling within the first 2 weeks . The cz looks cloudy and like plastic .
 very small item , the price per gram is very high , I should have read the details more careful , it 's my fault not the sellers .
 I was highly disappointed with this item . It took forever to get here and then when it did it looked and felt so cheap . It is extremely light weight and feels like plastic . I have A LOT of sterling silver and this is not real !! If you 're thinking about buying this , think again !! You 'd be better off to go with a different one from a different company !!
 i was wanting something bigger , so i was very upset and it was too small it didnt even fit over my head : -LRB-
 Makers of religious tchotchkes may want to make a rule for themselves
 This product is so cheaply made ... when i recieved the item the chain was all knotted up ... not happy with this item at all .
 I ordered this thinking it was completely different . When I actually received this I was not impressed . I immediately printed off a return label and sent it out the next day . $ 35 was a high price for such an item . The chain is not even `` heavy duty '' .
 I think that the seller might have tried to make this item look as though it was worth more in value than what it actually is , by advertising that it was marked down from a very expensive price . When in actuality , it probably was n't previously priced for more than what I paid for it . You can believe me when I say that I would never have purchased this item for more than $ 20.00 . But , it was claimed to have been marked down from around $ 100.00 . I bought if for close to $ 25.00 . In my opinion , though , the item is cheap in quality . The chains are thin and feel like they 're easily breakable , and the two plates are so little and thin that , instead of regular metal they feel like di-cast metal . I was thoroughly dissappointed !
 If I could give this zero stars I would . This Necklace was so small , my husband could n't even read it . Also before I bought this , I did n't know it was Jewish . I am not Jewish , and neither is my husband . The Necklace was smaller than a penny . So you do the math-If a necklace is smaller than a penny , what size is the font ?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!? I would not get this if I were you .
 I love the words because they 're coming from god there are too small an you can not see it i do n't recommend thes
 The stone is beautiful , but do n't let the picture here deceive you . The ring setting is the thinnest and cheapest I 've ever seen -LRB- the picture makes you think it 's a solid setting -- it 's NOT -RRB- . I 've gotten rings on Ebay for $ 10 that have a far sturdier setting.I love the stone , but I 'm afraid that if I wear the ring , the setting wo n't last . It looks as though the setting cost $ 1 at the most . Too bad the setting is n't more solid -- the stone / ring would be very nice with a better setting .
 The stone fell out of the setting the first time I wore it . Luckily I found the stone right away . I placed the ring and the stone in a small pocket in my purse as I had nothing else to store it in at the time.The `` gold '' setting was so flimsy that it bent out of shape while it was in my purse for a few hours .
 The quality and look were not what I had anticipated . Very flimsy.I would not recommend this item
 This ring was not as expected . The color of the Amethyst is light green , almost translucent and it does not have the two-tone color effect as shown in the picture . I have had this ring for about 6 months , only wearing it 3 times and the stone has fallen out . Beautiful picture but ring is not up to par .
 The medal was SO MUCH smaller than it represented in the photo . I would much rather have had a larger pendant with NO chain , than the tiny pendant and cheap small chain that it came with . I really ca n't see myself wearing it , sadly .
 I was so excited to buy this for my husband , to replace the one he lost . When it arrived , I discovered that it was WAY too small . It 's MAYBE the size of my pinky nail ! You can hardly see the words and image on it , unless you tip it to the light just right . I ended up returning it , as there is absolutely no way I would give this to my husband to wear .
 good service , but did not say size of item !! sorry I had to return it
 The heart was in excellent condition when it arrived , however , it was way smaller than I wanted . I would have loved it to be larger . It shows on the computer to be larger than it really was .
 This thing is the size of a quarter ! I wanted something about an inch or an inch-and-a-half wide that people can actually see and comment on!It is tiny and easily overlookable ! RIP OFF !
 You can tell a 5 year old to not over-wind a music box but they 'll still do it shortly .
 The music box should come with a warning label
 I was really very disappointed that they seemed to be so much smaller than what the money would buy me elsewhere . I thought I would get comparable merchandise . I was very disappointed , and she assumed I spent less than I really did , so it was a big hassle for me all around .
 I purchased this bracelet with the matching necklace . The necklace clasp arrived broken , and as the bracelet had the same type of clasp , I sent both of them back . Pretty , though .
 This product looks cheap like it came out of a bubble gum machine . I 've found better items at this price at TJ Msxx -LRB- no shipping charges -RRB- . I truly love a bargain and thought I was getting a deal on this item . I would not recommend this item . The item did arrive quick .
 This necklace is nothing like it states on the website . The necklace has already broke and the diamond looks so fake it 's sad .
 The length stated in the product description is 1.0 '' , however it is only .5 '' length and .5 '' width . It is very small . But I need it for a Christmas gift , so I 'll keep it .
 I have very small wrists and the bracelet was very large . It was n't as cute as I thought it would be and it fit awkwardly . I returned this product . I do not suggest if you have small wrists .
 My boyfriend purchased this ring for me for Xmas after looking through my wish list . I was ecstatic when he gave it to me and promptly put it on . Unfortunately , about a week later , the flimsy latch finally gave way after several attempts by me to keep the ring from suddenly popping open . I emailed the company right away to see if I could send it back for repair , and over a week later , have still not received a reply from them.I love this ring and will go to a local jeweler to see if the latch can be repaired , but am very upset that I have not heard back from Silver Insanity . I would definitely think twice before purchasing any of their products again .
 I own over 100 pendents . Of them , I found only about 8 % had holes large enough to thread this through them . More thought should have been given to practical aspects of this cord .
 The folder I got did n't have 16 snaps they showed in the picture . It had only two elastic bands . Not a product I would recommend .
 It arrived dirty and even after I polished it , it looked cheap . I ended up giving it away and never wore it once .
 the earrings were pretty , but the pearl was much larger than shown . And , the pearl looked shiny and painted . I returned them .
 These are too big for a person my size to wear comfortably . I got the earings hoping to cut the stud off and wear them on a necklace , but they are still too big . Besides the size the color is a bit dull ... about what you can expect for $ 30 pearls . I had them on my wishlist forever , right after I bought them at full price they went on sale : -LRB-
 These earrings , though pretty , are very easily smudged . For something intended to be worn against the skin , this is a BIG NO , NO . When you first put the earrings on -LRB- after washing -RRB- they are sparkly and pretty . However , about an hour later , after bobbing against one 's skin -LRB- particularly those of us with oily skin , I suspect -RRB- they look like a completely different pair of earrings . The oily smudges on them change the look from sparkly crystal , to cheap plastic . For a decoration -LRB- not worn on the body -RRB- , the material is great , however as an earing , I would n't recommend them .
 Hello . This was a gift but she said they stuck out way too far from her ear lobes to wear them . Of course she would not return them because they were a gift .
 We bought this item for our daughter for Christmas last year . When it arrived , it turned out that the pendant was nearly microscopic in size . It was also on a very flimsy chain , which broke almost immediately . Disappointed , and not recommended for kids .
 Beyond disappointed . we bought this for our daughter for her birthday and returned it immediately.the pendant is sooooo tiny it is hard to see on the necklace .
 It is very small and the mother-of-pearl inlay looks extremely cheap . This is the last time I buy jewelry online .
 The chain on this was very weak , it broke the same day I got it . After putting the locket on another chain I was pleased with it , but I should n't have had to do that so I gave it a low score .
 Was suppose to be a present to granddaughter . Was not what was expected . Returned
 This thing was a complete piece of junk that broke when I first opened it . The best part is there was trouble with the payment with my gift card and I never got my money back after I sent it back . Thanks for nothing . By the way , you owe me roughly $ 45 , thanks .
 This is not meant to fit on a man , granted I 'm a big guy but it wo n't even fit over my head . Go ahead and buy it if you 're tiny
 This is a very pretty belly ring , but the one I received will not open . So I can not wear it . This is the second item from this seller that has not worked out for me .
 Edges of this tag are not rounded , therefore they are kind of irritating . The red paint wore off quickly . I have many metal allergies . The Medic-alert symbol is attached to the tag using a rivet which is not hypoallergenic , so it caused my skin to react . I do not recommend this necklace to anyone who has sensitive skin . I had another brand of necklace -LRB- I believe it was Emerg -RRB- , which lasted for years before the links in the chain separated when when it caught on something and broke .
 I would n't reccomend this because it looks so cheap . It 's long and not very nice too .
 This charm was so small , it did n't match any I already have . It was advertised as on sale for $ 99 . At this tiny size , it was no bargain , even on sale . I returned it .
 Well the item looks very nice but I never got it , I was supposed to get it on the 14th of August and to date it has not arrived , thier customer service tells me to contact the USPS office to check and that if I want to be able to track the item I should order express mail . well DUH!the fact is when a company claims the arrival of an item is between Aug 9th and 14th it should arrive on time , this will be the first and unfortunately the last time I ever order from this company , they would answer all my emails , when I emailed a few days ago asking to cancel the order and refund the amount , I never got a reply till now ...
 i wish i could do 0 stars ... it is cheap and looks like it is already tarnishing ... . it is not shiny like in the pictures ... and i tryed to contact the seller and THEY NEVER CONTACTED ME BACK ... . dont buy product or from this seller
 This pair of earrings is very pretty but a few problems . First , they are not as big as they seem . Second , they are very fragile . Third , It TURNED MY EAR BLUE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! DO NOT BUY !!!!!!!!!!!
 looked better in the picture , was not overly impressed . could not give it as a present as i intended .
 The item was totally horrible . The beads were rubber and looked horrid
 My necklace just arrived and I feel very angry . It is NOT the same one as listed in the photo at all . The chain is smaaller and thinner than the one advertised , and the toggle hook is much smaller and cheaper looking , as well . This is a huge misrepresentation of what you actually get . For the price , I feel like I 've been ripped off.I make a lot of jewelry purchases and this is the first time this has ever happened to me . It is NOT worth the money and not what I was expecting to recieve for what I paid .
 These are a cute design , but the actual earrings are not the quality they seem in the photo . The materials seem of low quality .
 This necklace was a lot smaller than expected for the price paid . Will not make any other jewelry purchases .
 This necklace was a lot smaller than expected for the price paid . Will not make any other jewelry purchases .
 I was so disappointed in this item that I did not even give it for the gift it was intended to be . I would have been ashamed to have my son think I thought this was of gift quality ! It is tiny and cheaply made of the thinest leather I have ever seen . The compartments are hardly big enough to hold the cufflinks for which it is made . The lining looks like flocked paper and the whole thing must be made of cardboard . Every bit of it screams cheap , cheap , cheap junk . I would return it but unfortunately , because it was to be a Christmas gift , I waited too long after receipt to check it out . It is now a total waste of money and I had to buy something in its place !
 This necklace was a lot smaller than expected for the price paid . Will not make any other jewelry purchases .
 I was excited to find these earrings on the website , but when i got them they did n't look nothing like on the image here . Everything 's different - the stone , the stone 's colour , the style of the chain . Really disappointing . And they are much longer than you 'd think . Wo n't be returning because after paying for shipping i 'll only have some couple of bucks left . Not worthy
 Ordered this item for my girlfriend . It arrived damaged - 1 pearl was missing . Also , it doesnt look good and i would not buy it even for $ 5 if i new it will look that cheap .
 What you see in the picture is not what you get!My mom ordered this for my daughter for Xmas . We received it really quickly but when we looked at it we were shocked how little it resembled the picture.The metal was not nearly as smooth and where it dangles was really stiff.The butterfly looked nothing like a butterfly and the gems looked really cheap and glued on.I had thought it was a great deal when I really just got what I paid for on this one.Then she opened it put it on and it broke 30 minutes later.The guitar broke right off.I 've learned my lesson and I wo n't buy body jewelry online and I 'll never buy from this company again.Take it from me and go buy your jewelry from a store so you do n't get ripped off like I did .
 I was very disappointed with this purchase . It looked very cheap . I returned it , however , this wo n't stop me from shopping at Amazon.I received a refund for the purchase.Just want you to know that this is the first time I was not happy with a purchase from Amazon . I have shopped them many times and was always completely satisfied .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 The chain was nice and of good quality . Unfortunately , the hook/latch was not and was not securely attached to the chain . The loop broke within the 1st week of light usage . To be fair , I did not try and contact the company to get it repaired or to return it , so I am unfamiliar with their return policy and how they would have handled this situation .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 THE COPY DID NOT LET ME KNOW , JUST HOW LARGE THESE EARRINGS ARE !!!!
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 Really liked the concept of how this Claddagh Cross looked , however on receipt , it looks very cheaply stamped out & without dimension . A shame , it could be beautiful ...
 I 've had several of these types of silk pouches , some even passed down from generations . I purchased these to store additional pieces of jewelry . I was excited with the price and could n't wait . Unfortunately , they are NOT made very well . They also make this crinkly sound , I 'm assuming it 's the plastic lining it has . Which is disappointing b/c I was expecting soft silk throughout . Also , a few of them broken when I went to unsnap them . The button just pulled straight through . VERY DISAPPOINTING ! WOULD NOT RECOMMEND .
 Not satisfyItems that I bought was not the same that I saw in the website , the cufflink should be all one color which is silver and new , what I received its used and tow color . I am sorry to say that but I am not satisfied.Thanks ,
 I was n't impressed with these cufflinks . The cufflinks were very small and the details left much to be desired . I decided to return for a refund .
 I purchased this as a gift to send to a friend in the UK . I chose the option to ship it directly to her . It would not allow me to request gift wrap or even to include a note .
 I ordered 10 of these bracelets as holiday gifts for my nieces . Of the 10 ordered 4 arrived already broken -LRB- the filigree heart was split open and disconnected -RRB- . They are prettily packaged and are reasonably attrative , but you have a 2 in 5 chance of receiving a defective item based on my experience . I am seldom disappointed by my orders with Amazon , but this takes the cake .
 I bought two bracelets from this company . Was excited they were beautiful but broke first time it was put on !
 The words on the charm were SO SMALL . i am not very happy paying $ 12 for this . the words do not stretch on the full area .
 For the price , I thought these would be closer to sterling , or that the `` crystals '' would look like glass , at least , but the `` crystals '' looked closer to plastic , and the metal was nowhere close to sterling , or so it appeared to me .
 The item arrivied quickly in a matter of four or five days . The quality of the cloth is suspect in that it appears stale and does not perform as I had hoped it would . I am still using a liquid product , BRASSO , and then polishing with the cloth . End cost of the cloth was $ 10.00 with shipping . A can of BRASSO is a buck and a half and old T shirts cost zero . Perhaps the cloths have out-lived their shelf lives .
 This product worked ok , but I have used Polishing Cloths that clean better then this one . I guess it does a good enough job . Although I do n't think I would buy this particular cloth again .
 This cloth is advertised as being 12 '' x 15 '' ... it is two smaller pieces of cloth sewn together in the middle . I had planned to use this cloth as a drawer liner for my silver jewelry , which of course wo n't work with a big seam down the middle . So , beware . It does polish , though not spectacularly . I 'd look for a better cloth .
 I purchased this cloth to polish the bracelet portion of some watches I have . The cloth arrived quickly enough , but the zip-lock bag was not closed - Product was probably dried up . The cloth did n't remove any of the tarnish , much less polish it ! A total waste of money . Sorry I did n't get some Brasso or a Blitz cloth - they work !
 I do not recommend . Silver foam and creams work MUCH better than this polishing cloth .
 Not worth one red cent . Do n't bother , only made jewelry WORSE ! Wish I could get my money back for this . Now I 'm stuck with a smelly blue rag that does nothing !
 It essentially rubbed off the tarnish from my jewelry onto my hands . Once used there does n't seem to be a way to reuse the same areas . Ca n't get into the nooks of some of my more detailed jewelry and actually left a piece of cloth wedged in my Tiffany mesh bracelet :--LRB- The liquids seem to work better .
 I received the box timely , but the problem was it was empty , I have not found a way to let anyone know that I was ripped off !!! This was for my daughters Christmas and we were both really disappointed ... I want a refund !!
 The picture was better than the real product . One of the cz stones fell out within the first month and I work in an office setting with very little stress to the hands . I gave the ring away . I was not very satisfied with the quality . I 'm glad other reviewers were pleased with their ring .
 I am not sure if this seller has no quality control in place , or what , but these earrings arrived damaged . They had scratches/gouges on them and what looked to be dripped metal . They were not polished or shiny . I contacted the seller 3 times and never received a response . I filed an Amazon A-Z Claim and was refunded . I do not recommend this product or the seller.P.S . Unfortunately , you have to give an item at least one star . Too bad , because sometimes the items do not deserve any stars !
 This product is NOT I repeat , NOT true to the colour displayed . When I received it , it was like an ugly dark blue that looks strange against my bronze skin . In fact , I think it would look odd against anyone 's skin tone seeing as it is not a very attractive shade of blue like the one shown .
 its what i wanted :-RRB- but its not my favorite piercing of mine but i have to wear the bioplast cuz i break out with certain metals
 I got this ring , and it was gorgeous , fit me exactly , but within a week of wear , the band started to change , and the silver was so thin , it bent , and my ring broke ... I 'd find something a bit stronger if I were you .
 Shortly after this ring was purchased my girlfriend could not wear it because it is only silver plated.Please be aware of this fact . The coating will wear off , and in some cases will cause an allergic reaction.Purchase jewelry with care when buying online , and contact the company before you purchase their product .
 I was very excited to receive my two nickel free sterling silver claddagh rings in only one day -LRB- I have a Prime account and get two day shipping -RRB- . I immediately put my ring on -LRB- yesterday -RRB- . This morning I woke up and had a green ring around my finger . If the ring was truly nickel free sterling silver , which is what I paid for , it would not leave a green ring . I am very disappointed .
 Silver plated , not silver ! This ring turned my finger green after the first week ! Do n't buy this ring , do a little more research and buy a better quality product !
 I was extremely excited to receive your product . After waiting a few weeks to go the beautiful ring , i was LET DOWN . It was such a shame , within 5 minutes of putting on the ring my finger was green and the silver had already rubbed off . I tried to polish the ring only to find out it was not sterling silver . What a waste of my money i can not believe i spent 20 $ on a beautiful ring with misleading advertisement . DO NOT BUY PRODUCTS FROM THIS SELLER !!!!!
 I bought this ring for my girlfriend and the next day there was a green ring on her finger . The description lies because this ring is only silver plated . You can now see the silver dissappearing and the inside of the band is turning green . DO NOT BUY THIS RING !!!!!!!!!!!!
 I was so excited to get this ring because I LOVED the design and I 've always wanted a claddagh ring but when I wore it , I was extremely disappointed . I only had it on for about 3 hours before it made a 2 inch wide green ring around my finger and even though I took it off , I still got a major rash later on . The ring is NOT real , which should have been mentioned in the description . My finger is now scarred up because of how serious the rash got . Do n't buy this ring if you have any reaction to cheap/fake metal .
 They did n't send me the same ring as in the picture , similar , but much cheaper looking . They also do n't run true to size at all . I 'm a 6 and this must be a 71/2 . Do n't waste you money .
 I just recieved this ring from my boyfriend as a birthday gift . After one day of wearing , I 'm having an allergic reaction - as the ring is NOT sterling silver . Upon closer inspection there is no 925 stamp on the ring as the as suggests . This is a fake . Do not purchase it if you have sensitive skin and can only wear sterling , gold , or platinum . HUGE disappointment .
 Gem Avenue shipped me the incorrect ring and will not return the correct ring without a fee . Consequently , I am stuck paying $ 5 extra , compensating their blunder .
 Pretty ring , but turned finger green after 1 day ... I would not think sterling silver should turn your finger green . . !
 There is no way this ring is sterling silver . After wearing it for 8 hours it turned my finger green . I do n't have any problems with any of my other .925 sterling silver jewelry . I 'm so disappointed . The ring is beautiful . I feel saying it 's .925 sterling silver is misleading .
 You have to admit that this is a pretty ugly ring . The color looks off next to my olive skin . I would n't have bought it except that it was supposed to glow in the dark . This , it does not do . I have exposed it to plenty of light and tested it in total darkness , and I still could n't see a thing . What a disappointment ! Would have been better if at least it had been a better color , like pink .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 The color is bright and beautiful but that 's about it . . I though the balls were going to be bigger and infact , the whole set is cheaply made and unattractive . . cheap set , cheap quality .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 When this ring tarnished and I attempted to clean it in the proper recommend way , it turned black which means it is not sterling silver . I do not recommend anyone buying it . Now I 'm stuck with an cheap ugly black piece of metal .
 This is not as pretty as it is pictured . The wire is kind of haphazardly melded together . It does fit well , though . I am a tad disappointed with the quality . The item did arrive quickly and in good condition -LRB- if a little ugly to begin with -RRB- , though.If you are thinking of buying this or another item ... consider the other item .
 I am disappointed in the way this ring looks when it is actually on a finger ... It is VERY wide and the particular ring I got -LRB- I believe they are all different -RRB- looks crude and amateurish , with gaping `` holes '' in the wirework . That said , when twisted the right way the ring is surprisingly comfortable and I think the ring could look very striking on someone with very long , very slender fingers . I am planning on wiring stone beads into the gaps of the ring and giving it to my daughter , whose fingers are more suited to the style ... we shall see what she thinks of it !
 Although the picture shows a cute looking ring this ring is n't pretty . The fringed look , only looks like the ring has been left on the floor and someone ran it over with a vaccum cleaner .
 Pretty but painful to wear ! Knobby & the same width all around , jams into the other fingers ! But it IS really pretty & noticable !! SO I 'll suffer !
 This is a pretty ring , but it is uncomfortable . The sizing is a little on the small side , but the width of the band is uncomfortable on my finger .
 it is pretty but the size is off . ordered a 10 but it does not fit . it is more like a 8 or 9 .
 I ordered the wrong size - mailed it back to them and am still waiting for them to respond via e-mail ... . I wo n't re-rate this ring until they send me the correct size ... . I gave one star b/c the ring was nice . But I do n't have anything right now ...
 The first day I got it , I thought it was alright even though it looked way better in the picture than it does i real life . I 've had it now for three days and I realize how horrible it is . I do n't want to wear it at all anymore , and I want a complete refund or exchange . It looks really cheap , and like something my little brother could have made for me in metal-shop class .
 I got this ring and I got shocked because the real thing is discusting ! It is crooked , very ugly and very bad in quality . I wo n't have it for free if someone gives it to me ! What a waste of money .
 This ring is Beautiful and artistic , however , after wearing it off and on for about a week , one of the wire split , leaving two sharp ends exposed . i tried to sorta ` bend ' them into the design , where they would n't be dangerous or noticable ; but it just did n't work . after braving the danger , another wire or two broke.i 'd say i put medium wear on my jewelry and i realize this is somewhat fragile , but i definately expected more from it and was disappointed . Now i 'm not sure WHAT to do with it.I 'd think twice unless you have a super-cushy job that does n't require getting your hands dirty or frequent washing . DEFINATELY not a ring for a mom !!!
 I was disappointed with the quality of this ring . It 's very feminine but cheaply thrown together ... looks like something a child made . If it were of a better quality , this would be a beautiful ring . Some of the wire work is scrunched together and clumped , not like its pictured . I guess you get what you pay for .
 I purchased this item based on it 's rave reviews and different look . It is lovely and very different from other rings I have purchased . It is also horribly uncomfortable . There are pieces that cut into my fingers because they are sharp and unfinished . After an hour of wearing , I am dying to take it off and my skin is irritated . Now it is a lovely adornment for my jewelery box and not much else . : -LRB-
 I received lots of compliments on this unique ring . But , the trouble that I 've had getting just the right fit after resizing and keeping the ring from tarnishing makes it hard for me to recommend .
 the earrings are very unsubstantial , and do not glisten as shown on picture , anyone want to buy my pair?would send cheap .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 This bracelet is really ugly . If I could give it no stars I would . It is overly huge and disproportionate - too wide and flat , suitable only for a really large person . I had been trying to bend it in shape to make it look acceptable , but that did n't work . Might work as a candlestick holder or curtain tie or something else . This product is an insult to all that is called jewellery . Do n't waste $ 13 on it .
 I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day . It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new . Since I have an office job I do n't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already . I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not .
 recieved with missing parts , it was a mess , I returned it for my money back .
 I ordered and received the Salton cleaner and the steamer portion did n't work . Amazon was wonderful and sent a replacement immediately . The second one still does n't work . There is n't a troubleshooting guide in the manual and when I called Salton , they could not provide any additional help .
 The chain broke right off , and all of the coloring turned a rusty color . Will never be able to wear again .
 The bracelet fell apart the first day . I emailed the seller and received no response . I would NOT purchase anything from this seller again .
 We love the earrings but they started changing colors just in a few days of wearing them .
 although i did really like these earrings , they were very cheap and the back post broke off after only 5 wears ... i was very disappointed
 I received these earrings as a gift , and I was really excited because I love stars , and these small earrings are adorable . I do n't have long hair so I never had a problem with the earrings popping off as other reviewers experienced , but I did find that they sat kind of oddly on my earlobes . It could just be the placement of my piercings , but I would just turn them upside down and found that they looked better that way . Sadly , after just a few wears , the stud broke off of my earring as well.I gave them one star because that 's all I have left . : -LRB-
 This was the perfect size for my 12 y.o. grand-daughter 's newly pierced ears . You would have to use the Hubble telescope to see them on an adult . Shipping costs would normally prohibit their purchase -LRB- as it as much as the earrings -RRB- but it was a ` crunch time ' gift . I do n't know if they fell apart as she lost one the next day . Oh , well ...
 After just a few wears , the star fell off of the stud . I guess that 's why they were only five bucks !
 This is much smaller than I expected and there is a cut mark where the two ends of the band came together instead of it being one solid piece .
 I found out the hard way that Swarovski Jewelry and &#34; SWAROVSKI ELEMENTS &#34; are 2 totally different things . Of course it would cost me half as much as they cost to ship them back so I guess I am stuck .
 This is a cute charm but the body snapped off after two days of wearing it . Works without the body -LRB- wow , that sounds weird -RRB- but it was a bummer that it broke .
 Ridiculous . I ordered this necklace and got the mother + 2 children instead . What a fantastic mother 's day gift ... Also , microscopic . Picture needs quarter next to it so we can see the scale .
 Very tight ring , looks pretty nice but if you wear it it doesnt come off and you can hardly bend your finger because it is so big ! Not for me ...
 Very tight ring , looks pretty nice but if you wear it it doesnt come off and you can hardly bend your finger because it is so big ! Not for me ...
 Very tight ring , looks pretty nice but if you wear it it doesnt come off and you can hardly bend your finger because it is so big ! Not for me ...
 These earrings were so flimsy it was hard to insert into itsy-bitsy opening on the other side while it 's in the ear ! OMG ! By the time I got it inserted the earring looked like a crazy `` S '' !!!!!!!!!!! They need to thicken these also . It does n't take much to bend and break . Waste of money .
 i hate this earring , becouse the the size is not big enough , and after fer weeks the color change !!!! this is not a real sterling silver so if you dont wan na waste your money dont buy this earring its trash !!!
 I was disappointed when this arrived . The quality is poor and uneven on the cross . There is no clarity on the body or the face on this crucifix.The chain is very weak and costume jewelry quality . Spend more money and buy either white gold or yellow gold combined with platinum .
 I purchased this for my mom . The stones quickly started falling out . She replaced it and that one also lost it 's stones . She has another one in the flower design with different colored stones and it 's fine . Not sure what it is about this particular charm for June .
 cheap looking , and the crystals fell off a day or so after I received it and put it on my Italian charm bracelet .
 The charm is very pretty in person . This is the third on all of different birthstones that I have purchased and 2 of the 3 has already lost stones . This one in particular lost a stone withing 2 weeks .
 I read couples reviews before I made the purchase , and I was disappointed when I pulled it out from the pouch . It might be just the one that was sent to me is not in a good shape , the majority of the pearls are not smooth , distinctive lines across each pearls .
 This was on sale when I bought it and it looked ugly . It was the bug fake pearls that I gave to a date of mine and she hated it . Buy the real stuff .
 They were really pretty but to big for me . I returned them
 I purchased one of these sets and liked it so much that I ordered a second one for a gift a few months later ; it was also quite beautiful , hefty , substantial , with good lustre and fairly similar potato pearls . Then I thought of buying two more and having them re-knotted to make them into ONE long necklace , but now that I received them , one is as nice as usual , BUT the other one is horrible , with pearls of quite different shapes , qualities and sizes - not graduated , either - , asymmetric , with their perforations off-centered , impossible to turn into ONE longer one . Too bad I do n't live in the U.S. otherwise I would most certainly return the defective one .
 I have had nothing but problems with this bracelet . Everytime I wear it something breaks . Either the cross gets caught on something and falls off or the links pull apart so that the whole bracelet falls off . I 've even had the center Ball on a wire peice fall of . How it came off of both sides at onece is beyond me . Whats more , it snags on all my clothing . Do n't bye this unless you want to fix it every time you wear it .
 Pls be sure you want your fiance to wear this for a short time before you make the choice of buying this item . If your intention is long time effizy , then this is not for you because you have to make arrangement for one that will last . It looks expensive but after people admire it , it will wear off before you realise it .
 I do n't know what they mean by Swarovski Elements ... they are little pink butterflies . They look like they could come from any gumball machine ! The only reason I 'm not returning them is they are for my 4 year old niece , and they will probably be lost or broken pretty quickly and it wo n't be a big deal at all ! I was expecting something at least a tiny bit sparkly , but they are not one bit !
 When i saw these earrings i immediately fell in love with them . I thought they were really pretty for my 11 year old neice in law especially because she loves pink and butterflies . But when i opened the box they were TINY !! I mean really tiny !! I was expecting them to be at least average size . I would recommend these for maybe a little girl between 7 or 8 ,
 They was very little and should not be got for an adult they are almost to small for a child . But they are cute .
 It does not like the picture , it 's size is very very very very very small and the color is not the same as the photo ~ disappointed &#65281; &#65281;
 Well I bought these for my 4 yr old niece , but since it was too small did not gift it to her , the screws are too small n very easy to lose , the screw thread is also not well made . But overall they are cute .
 I wish there was a NO STAR rating!I ordered this item , received it very quickly , wore it once and it broke in half . I emailed the vendor , explained what had happened and that I had not , in any way , abused the ring . Apparently breaking in half happens quite frequently with this item because they emailed back telling me that this ring is fragile . Well I was well aware of this little flaw by then , but it might have been nice of them to mention it before I purchased the ring . They also spelled out their return and exchange policies - both of which call for the item you wish to return or exchange to be in pristine condition . Well , since it 's already in two pieces guess I 'm S.O.L.The ring is inexpensive and I did n't expect it to be fantastic -LRB- I did think I would be able to wear it more than once though -RRB- . What bothers me is the fact that the seller knew this ring was defective or just plain poorly engineered before they sold it and apparently just did n't care . Desperate to get a few bucks ? That 's pretty sad . With this attitude , I predict they wo n't be in business much longer.Bottom line is
 picture does n't show black lines thru the ring . The sizing chart is off by a half a size and as soon as I received it , I took it out the box and it fell on the linoleum and cracked . Product is cheap made and cheap in price - I guess you get what you pay for - a waste of time .
 it did , in fact , crumble in my hand an hour after I put it on . I remember wondering during just which part of my morning commute had I been nailing deck screws in with my hands or something to have achieved this incredibly unfortunate result . Upon inspection when I picked up the pieces from the floor of my car where I 'd dropped them in disgust , I realized how intensely porous and fragile the stone was ... maybe this ring should come with a disclaimer
 I just received these , and while they were fine quality for the price , the colors of the two stones were completely different . Very obviously mismatched . But I dont know if I will return them , since they are so cheap . Might not be worth the cost of shipping .
 I bought these along with several other pair from the same place . All of which fell apart within minutes of wearing them . The stones fell out of at least one earring of each pair . Seriously ? Four pair of earrings and they all lost stones ? I was sucked in by the low price for sterling silver and I got stuck with what I paid for . While the company was willing to refund or replace the item with no issues , I would never buy anything from this place again . I could accept one pair falling apart . Things happen . However all 4 pair falling apart does n't say much for the quality of their items . I 've bought silver from several other places with no issues in the quality department . If you choose to purchase these , I suggest you check the prongs and the stones to see if they are loose and try to crimp the prongs to retain the stones .
 This has finally arrived ! It took 8 days.Upon inspection , it is much prettier in the picture than in person.the sizing is nice , and it stands up pretty tall . The amethyst stone is a beautiful rich purple , very natural looking , and the polished silver is very bright.My only complaints , and why I had to give it 2 stars :1 . the well of the `` V '' that holds the amethyst is n't polished , it looks barely sanded . IT detracts from the face of the ring .2 . the CZ are not even as close to sparkly as they are in the picture , even under florescent lighting .3 . the band is so thin , that with everyday wearing , the band will break soon.For $ 24 , it 's ok . But if I had seen it in a store , I would n't have purchased this . -LRB- hence the 2 stars instead of 3 . -RRB-
 This bracelet broke into two pieces . When I took it to a jeweler , he said it was junk . The silver metal is junk metal , not sterling . The 24k gold covering was brass . So now I have a junk , broken bracelet . Please do not waste your money on this item like I did !!!
 I was looking for a simple , short pearl necklace to wear to a wedding and thought I 'd found the perfect one . But I was mistaken . The minute I put the necklace on , the catch broke ! And I could n't fix it . I was shocked . I 've ordered multiple items , including jewelry , from Amazon , and never had that experience . I am going to attempt to return it .
 After wearing them twice the `` rose gold '' turned gunmetal gray and now the `` yellow gold '' is slowly disappearing .
 I ordered these to wear at my niece 's wedding . I was so happy to see the box waiting at my door . Unfortunately , when I opened the jewelry box to look at my new pearls , what I saw was not the purple strand I had ordered and expected , but a sandy/peach strand . It 's a beautiful necklace , and I 'll probably give them to my mother for Christmas , but I was wanting purple to go with my chosen outfit .
 I was so excited when I found this ring as my wedding band , although I ran into a few problems . I ordered a size 6 and recieved a size 71/4 . After some confusion , Ryan , the owner , was very helpful and sent me the correct ring size promptly and at no extra charge . I got married yesterday -LRB- Sept. 10th , 2011 -RRB- and this morning I noticed one of the sapphires is loose . The ring is gorgeous , and this is very upsetting for me . Due to the bar setting , and because I live in a small town it may take weeks for it to get fixed because most jewelers around here need to send this type of work out to bigger cities . Now I am unable to wear my wedding band the day after my wedding . I emailed Diva Diamonds and am awaiting a reply . If you order from them , be sure to VERY CAREFULLY inspect your jewelry upon reciept . As I stated before , I love the ring , although Diva Diamonds needs to pay more attention not only to the orders they are sending out -LRB- i.e. sizing -RRB- but the quality of their products . I am qute dissapointed with Diva Diamonds .
 Beautiful exterior - my daughter was so thrilled to get this for Christmas - but it wo n't stay closed due to a flimsy closing device . It is n't usable since the locket stays flipped open all of the time now . It was so disappointing - do not waste your money . Take the time to go to a jewelry store where you can actually handle a locket , test its lock , etc. . I wo n't make this mistake again !
 This is a beautiful locket . However , when I received mine , it was in 3 pieces . I had to assemble the pieces together at the hinges by inserting included rods through the hinges . I suppose most of thee lockets arrive fully assembled , but mine did not .
 Do n't waste your money ! I bought this locket to give to my mother for christmas . It does not stay closed . Just by picking up the locket to put it on it comes undone . I didnt realize this major flaw existed until after I had gone to the trouble of having pictures sized down . That in addition to the fact that it was already so close to christmas I decided to keep the locket and take it to a jeweler to see what could be done . For a fee the jeweler agreed to add a extra closure to the locket . He said he has had ten or so locketscome in recently with the same problem . Buyer beware . I will have to wait a week or so for the locket o be ready and after the extra cost I should have gone with another locket .
 It 's a really cute piece of jewelry . Too bad it fell apart the very first day I wore it and no one at the company would get back to me about a replacement .
 wore this toe ring one day and POOF the stone was gone so it sits in a pile of other broken sterling silver rings and things
 This was a gift for my wife on our 10th anniversary . The ring , itself , is beautiful , and we loved it . My wife is extra careful with her rings and has never had a problem with any of her settings . However , less than six weeks after we received this ring -LRB- I bought it on April 1 , 2004 -RRB- , she happened to look at her finger and noticed that one of the small diamonds had fallen out -LRB- on May 17 , 2004 -RRB- . She spent 10 panic-stricken minutes looking for it and found it on the carpet . She is so disappointed , and I feel embarrassed , as if I bought her a second-rate piece of jewelry . The ring is now in its box , and I am contacting Amazon to find out what coverage I have . Amazon has auto-emailed a response , indicating that I might return the ring for a refund only if I purchased it within the last 30 days . I bought it 46 days prior to the diamiond falling out . I emailed back inquiring about a repair and received an auto-response saying Amazon does n't make repairs to jewelry . I now must call and demand help . Do n't buy this ring .
 I bought this locket w / intention of giving it to my grandmother . There is NO WAY I would ever insult her w / this cheep locket . The locket does n't feel dense , and there is no luster . The loop used to hang it from the chain and the the clasp to hold the locket closed does n't look like it would stand up to any wear . If I can return this I will . It is a piece of junk !
 This was a gift for my wife on our 10th anniversary . The ring , itself , is beautiful , and we loved it . My wife is extra careful with her rings and has never had a problem with any of her settings . However , less than six weeks after we received this ring -LRB- I bought it on April 1 , 2004 -RRB- , she happened to look at her finger and noticed that one of the small diamonds had fallen out -LRB- on May 17 , 2004 -RRB- . She spent 10 panic-stricken minutes looking for it and found it on the carpet . She is so disappointed , and I feel embarrassed , as if I bought her a second-rate piece of jewelry . The ring is now in its box , and I am contacting Amazon to find out what coverage I have . Amazon has auto-emailed a response , indicating that I might return the ring for a refund only if I purchased it within the last 30 days . I bought it 46 days prior to the diamiond falling out . I emailed back inquiring about a repair and received an auto-response saying Amazon does n't make repairs to jewelry . I now must call and demand help . Do n't buy this ring .
 This was a gift for my wife on our 10th anniversary . The ring , itself , is beautiful , and we loved it . My wife is extra careful with her rings and has never had a problem with any of her settings . However , less than six weeks after we received this ring -LRB- I bought it on April 1 , 2004 -RRB- , she happened to look at her finger and noticed that one of the small diamonds had fallen out -LRB- on May 17 , 2004 -RRB- . She spent 10 panic-stricken minutes looking for it and found it on the carpet . She is so disappointed , and I feel embarrassed , as if I bought her a second-rate piece of jewelry . The ring is now in its box , and I am contacting Amazon to find out what coverage I have . Amazon has auto-emailed a response , indicating that I might return the ring for a refund only if I purchased it within the last 30 days . I bought it 46 days prior to the diamiond falling out . I emailed back inquiring about a repair and received an auto-response saying Amazon does n't make repairs to jewelry . I now must call and demand help . Do n't buy this ring .
 This was a gift for my wife on our 10th anniversary . The ring , itself , is beautiful , and we loved it . My wife is extra careful with her rings and has never had a problem with any of her settings . However , less than six weeks after we received this ring -LRB- I bought it on April 1 , 2004 -RRB- , she happened to look at her finger and noticed that one of the small diamonds had fallen out -LRB- on May 17 , 2004 -RRB- . She spent 10 panic-stricken minutes looking for it and found it on the carpet . She is so disappointed , and I feel embarrassed , as if I bought her a second-rate piece of jewelry . The ring is now in its box , and I am contacting Amazon to find out what coverage I have . Amazon has auto-emailed a response , indicating that I might return the ring for a refund only if I purchased it within the last 30 days . I bought it 46 days prior to the diamiond falling out . I emailed back inquiring about a repair and received an auto-response saying Amazon does n't make repairs to jewelry . I now must call and demand help . Do n't buy this ring .
 This was a gift for my wife on our 10th anniversary . The ring , itself , is beautiful , and we loved it . My wife is extra careful with her rings and has never had a problem with any of her settings . However , less than six weeks after we received this ring -LRB- I bought it on April 1 , 2004 -RRB- , she happened to look at her finger and noticed that one of the small diamonds had fallen out -LRB- on May 17 , 2004 -RRB- . She spent 10 panic-stricken minutes looking for it and found it on the carpet . She is so disappointed , and I feel embarrassed , as if I bought her a second-rate piece of jewelry . The ring is now in its box , and I am contacting Amazon to find out what coverage I have . Amazon has auto-emailed a response , indicating that I might return the ring for a refund only if I purchased it within the last 30 days . I bought it 46 days prior to the diamiond falling out . I emailed back inquiring about a repair and received an auto-response saying Amazon does n't make repairs to jewelry . I now must call and demand help . Do n't buy this ring .
 This looked so cute online , but it 's not as pretty in person . The white spaces are really a sort of dirty cream color . Also , the bottom does n't really screw on firmly , which makes me worry that it would come off if I tried to wear it . Definitely not worth the money .
 Not what I thought . Does n't look like anything when received . Difficult attaching the charm to a necklace . Recipient was not thrilled with it .
 The ring is actually a pretty smokey quartz ring , but it was very big . If you had seen , Elizabeth Taylor 's pear shaped diamond ring in photographs , that 's how big this one is . It was just too much for me . I returned it and ordered one that I hope is at least half the size as this one .
 Cool . But the metal is very small as if it should be on a child 's hand . I would prefer my mom have a more noticeable ring .
 Cool . But the metal is very small as if it should be on a child 's hand . I would prefer my mom have a more noticeable ring .
 Cool . But the metal is very small as if it should be on a child 's hand . I would prefer my mom have a more noticeable ring .
 Cool . But the metal is very small as if it should be on a child 's hand . I would prefer my mom have a more noticeable ring .
 Cool . But the metal is very small as if it should be on a child 's hand . I would prefer my mom have a more noticeable ring .
 Cool . But the metal is very small as if it should be on a child 's hand . I would prefer my mom have a more noticeable ring .
 Cool . But the metal is very small as if it should be on a child 's hand . I would prefer my mom have a more noticeable ring .
 This ring is much narrower than we expected - looking at the photo I thought it would be at least 3 mm ... they are much thinner & the diamonds are teeny tiny . I ordered two , one for each side of my engagement ring . Did n't like it , sent them back .
 Cool . But the metal is very small as if it should be on a child 's hand . I would prefer my mom have a more noticeable ring .
 Cool . But the metal is very small as if it should be on a child 's hand . I would prefer my mom have a more noticeable ring .
 This ring is much narrower than we expected - looking at the photo I thought it would be at least 3 mm ... they are much thinner & the diamonds are teeny tiny . I ordered two , one for each side of my engagement ring . Did n't like it , sent them back .
 This ring is much narrower than we expected - looking at the photo I thought it would be at least 3 mm ... they are much thinner & the diamonds are teeny tiny . I ordered two , one for each side of my engagement ring . Did n't like it , sent them back .
 This ring is much narrower than we expected - looking at the photo I thought it would be at least 3 mm ... they are much thinner & the diamonds are teeny tiny . I ordered two , one for each side of my engagement ring . Did n't like it , sent them back .
 Do n't bother . Gets dirty really easily and gets all sorts of gunk in the two grooves .
 Cool . But the metal is very small as if it should be on a child 's hand . I would prefer my mom have a more noticeable ring .
 Do n't bother . Gets dirty really easily and gets all sorts of gunk in the two grooves .
 This is very small & more the size of a charm than a pendant . Not what I was looking for ... . I sent it back .
 The pictures of this gold and emerald piece look great and antique and nice , The product however looks cheep and gaudy , the clasp is not well fitting and I sent it back quickly . I did receive a prompt refund .
 i ordered this item , hoping to get it soon , it has been over two weeks and its still not shipped . usually most items take a week at most . i mean who wants to buy something and not have it delivered until three weeks later .
 I bought this item thinking it was very cute . when I got it I wore it for two days and the upper hand of the lizard kept rubbing my piercing . it infected my belly-button very badly . Do n`t buy this item unless you are looking to get your piercing infected .
 This necklace -LRB- which I bought as a gift -RRB- started to discolor within the first couple weeks of regular use . The silver started to flake off and show a pinkish material underneath . The whole thing was thrown away within six months .
 I ordered this ring about three and a half months ago , and after wearing it nearly everyday , it recently broke literally in half -LRB- so now I have to `` C '' shaped pieces -RRB- . I was taking it off , it fell on a hard surface from about two feet and cracked on the weld located directly opposite the snake `` head '' part . I was never excessively rough with the ring , so it had to be craftsmanship . Also noticed was that the silver plating had begun to come off rather quickly around the edges of the ring , and it turned black . The plating wearing off was n't too bad looking but I was rather dissapionted when it broke in half in a situation were most rings would leave unscathed . I am giving it a two because it looks good and feels heavy , but is simply made to a standard not fit for everyday use . I would only recommend it to people looking to use it casually , once or twice a week . Otherwise , it will break , it is not a ring to wear everyday .
 I ordered this ring about three and a half months ago , and after wearing it nearly everyday , it recently broke literally in half -LRB- so now I have to `` C '' shaped pieces -RRB- . I was taking it off , it fell on a hard surface from about two feet and cracked on the weld located directly opposite the snake `` head '' part . I was never excessively rough with the ring , so it had to be craftsmanship . Also noticed was that the silver plating had begun to come off rather quickly around the edges of the ring , and it turned black . The plating wearing off was n't too bad looking but I was rather dissapionted when it broke in half in a situation were most rings would leave unscathed . I am giving it a two because it looks good and feels heavy , but is simply made to a standard not fit for everyday use . I would only recommend it to people looking to use it casually , once or twice a week . Otherwise , it will break , it is not a ring to wear everyday .
 I ordered this ring about three and a half months ago , and after wearing it nearly everyday , it recently broke literally in half -LRB- so now I have to `` C '' shaped pieces -RRB- . I was taking it off , it fell on a hard surface from about two feet and cracked on the weld located directly opposite the snake `` head '' part . I was never excessively rough with the ring , so it had to be craftsmanship . Also noticed was that the silver plating had begun to come off rather quickly around the edges of the ring , and it turned black . The plating wearing off was n't too bad looking but I was rather dissapionted when it broke in half in a situation were most rings would leave unscathed . I am giving it a two because it looks good and feels heavy , but is simply made to a standard not fit for everyday use . I would only recommend it to people looking to use it casually , once or twice a week . Otherwise , it will break , it is not a ring to wear everyday .
 This necklace -LRB- which I bought as a gift -RRB- started to discolor within the first couple weeks of regular use . The silver started to flake off and show a pinkish material underneath . The whole thing was thrown away within six months .
 this charm was all smushed in , like someone had already worn it !! no wonder no one else has purchased it !!!
 I ordered this ring about three and a half months ago , and after wearing it nearly everyday , it recently broke literally in half -LRB- so now I have to `` C '' shaped pieces -RRB- . I was taking it off , it fell on a hard surface from about two feet and cracked on the weld located directly opposite the snake `` head '' part . I was never excessively rough with the ring , so it had to be craftsmanship . Also noticed was that the silver plating had begun to come off rather quickly around the edges of the ring , and it turned black . The plating wearing off was n't too bad looking but I was rather dissapionted when it broke in half in a situation were most rings would leave unscathed . I am giving it a two because it looks good and feels heavy , but is simply made to a standard not fit for everyday use . I would only recommend it to people looking to use it casually , once or twice a week . Otherwise , it will break , it is not a ring to wear everyday .
 This necklace -LRB- which I bought as a gift -RRB- started to discolor within the first couple weeks of regular use . The silver started to flake off and show a pinkish material underneath . The whole thing was thrown away within six months .
 It was cute for an evening - then the martini glass broke off -LRB- under normal usage -RRB- . I still wear the bar bell without a problem . Three out of the four belly rings bought from Body Candy have broken . All in a very short -LRB- 1-2 days -RRB- timeframe .
 This ring is just beautiful , works very well , but the stone popped out the 2nd time I wore it and I had to superglue it back on .
 After 4 days of wearing the belly ring it broke ! The Martini fell off of the actual ring . I am very disappointed !
 This ring in a size nine does n't come with the lighter middle section and trust me it matters . Do n't buy a size nine if you need a matching set . Other than that it 's a nice ring .
 As I expected , the garnets of this inexpensive necklace are full of inclusions . I did n't mind , since a garnet is such a deep , dark red . No one would notice unless they held your necklace up to the light . It comes in a nice velvet blue bag ... . Here starts my problem ... . The second time I took the necklace from the bag , stones and pearls started falling all over the floor . One of the stands had broken . Sigh . Also , I thought the necklace looked cheap compared to the picture . But you might like it . Amazon is wonderful and easy with returns if you do n't like it .
 I ordered this ring about three and a half months ago , and after wearing it nearly everyday , it recently broke literally in half -LRB- so now I have to `` C '' shaped pieces -RRB- . I was taking it off , it fell on a hard surface from about two feet and cracked on the weld located directly opposite the snake `` head '' part . I was never excessively rough with the ring , so it had to be craftsmanship . Also noticed was that the silver plating had begun to come off rather quickly around the edges of the ring , and it turned black . The plating wearing off was n't too bad looking but I was rather dissapionted when it broke in half in a situation were most rings would leave unscathed . I am giving it a two because it looks good and feels heavy , but is simply made to a standard not fit for everyday use . I would only recommend it to people looking to use it casually , once or twice a week . Otherwise , it will break , it is not a ring to wear everyday .
 I ordered this ring about three and a half months ago , and after wearing it nearly everyday , it recently broke literally in half -LRB- so now I have to `` C '' shaped pieces -RRB- . I was taking it off , it fell on a hard surface from about two feet and cracked on the weld located directly opposite the snake `` head '' part . I was never excessively rough with the ring , so it had to be craftsmanship . Also noticed was that the silver plating had begun to come off rather quickly around the edges of the ring , and it turned black . The plating wearing off was n't too bad looking but I was rather dissapionted when it broke in half in a situation were most rings would leave unscathed . I am giving it a two because it looks good and feels heavy , but is simply made to a standard not fit for everyday use . I would only recommend it to people looking to use it casually , once or twice a week . Otherwise , it will break , it is not a ring to wear everyday .
 From the picture they look like studs , and well it says they 're studs , but they 're not . They have a huge metal base and are quite ugly , the picture does n't represent the actual product at all . I ca n't even give these things away .
 As others have said before , these are huge . Not only this , but the backs are pretty horribly done.I find myself missing both backs after less than a month . How 'd they disappear ? They fell off while I was sleeping . More than once I found them on my bed , next to me , but there were two times that they just up and disappeared . This is what you call shoddy workmanship.Don ' t bother with these things , they 're a waste of money .
 their much bigger in person really bulky and not flat like they seem in the pic
 I ordered this ring about three and a half months ago , and after wearing it nearly everyday , it recently broke literally in half -LRB- so now I have to `` C '' shaped pieces -RRB- . I was taking it off , it fell on a hard surface from about two feet and cracked on the weld located directly opposite the snake `` head '' part . I was never excessively rough with the ring , so it had to be craftsmanship . Also noticed was that the silver plating had begun to come off rather quickly around the edges of the ring , and it turned black . The plating wearing off was n't too bad looking but I was rather dissapionted when it broke in half in a situation were most rings would leave unscathed . I am giving it a two because it looks good and feels heavy , but is simply made to a standard not fit for everyday use . I would only recommend it to people looking to use it casually , once or twice a week . Otherwise , it will break , it is not a ring to wear everyday .
 Dear SilverSpeck , your pictures are good but your product descriptions are lacking accuracy . Here is a necklace I probably would have purchased
 Beautiful bracelet , I was so hoping it would fit . Unfortunately , it is too small . Can some sort of extension be added so this can be wearable ?
 Do n't get me wrong , I think this ring is absolutely beautiful -- from the differentiation of the blue pearls to the detailed crafting in the silver . If it were n't for the fact that a pearl fell out within less than a month of purchasing it , I would 've rated this ring a 5/5 . However , as it stands , I probably wo n't be buying anything else from Dahlia .
 I bought the ring for my 16 yr old granddaughter for xmas . It is Jan8 and already 4 small pearls have fallen off of it . I am contacting the company and hoping they will refund or change the ring to one that does not fall apart .
 Pearls started falling out on the first day . Seller offered to send a replacement but it was n't worth my time . I also did n't want another piece of doo doo . Non-recommend .
 The largest stone fell out of mine shortly after receiving it . It 's really cute , but not without all the stones .
 I really like the styling of these earrings , and they 're well made , but they were n't very shiny or sparkly . I do n't think they 're worth the price . I returned them .
 If I 've seen real pictures I would n't have bought it , it is made of a very light material and really is n't worth the money . VERY pricy for how it looks , it looks really cheap , maybe $ 2 max . I really regret buying it and will give it to a child !
 This ring did look real but as soon as my husband got into shower with it on it turned and faded . I feel cheated because no where in the discription did it say that it was not real silver . Do not buy from this seller.Sterling Silver 5 MM Wide Plain Band Ring
 The opal appeared cracked and possibly glued together when I received this necklace . I called customer service to try to do a prompt exchange , since it was for my daughter 's birthday . I never received a phone call back . I emailed Silver Speck and about a week later received a response . I ended up returning this necklace and getting my money back . I do not recommend buying anything from Silver Speck , based on my experience with them .
 I HAVE this in yellow gold . I HAVE it in silver and it is forever tarnishing on me . ugh . WHY ca n't you find it in WHITE gold ????????????? Try doing a search for a rolling ring . Computers do n't understand `` rolling . ''
 They look very nice on the pictures . I bought the earrings and the matching necklaces . But when I received the real things , they look so crappie . The metal parts and chain have sharp edges all over the places . The `` Black-Diamond Crystal '' are actually cheap plastic beads with big molding offset edges . The service from the seller is even worse . I paid for shipping and have the item returned the next day but only got 60 % of my money back . Do n't be fooled !
 ALthough I liked these earrings , they were way smaller than I expected - - very pretty blue , vintage feel but much to small for my liking .
 Pay attention to the word ` plated ' gold . It is cheaply made although the photo on the listing makes it look far nicer than it actually is . It 's one of those items you could pick up for under $ 5 on Ebay . Thoroughly disgusted when I opened the package that I was going to put on a nice chain for a gift . Instead I threw it in the trash . Do n't waste your money .
 When i saw this bypass toe ring i was really impressed ! It looked thick and just what i had been surching for.Well when i got it in the mail i was so disapointed !!! It is very prety but the gold is so thin that it would snap if it got caught one time ! That is a real problem for me . I wear my toe rings 247 . For that kind of momey i excpect a lot more .
 by the pic this item isnt as cute as it looks . you can hardly notice the itty bitty jewels when you get it home . The display picture must have really enlarged .
 i ordered this necklace thinking that it would be small and dainty . it is actually quite large and cheap looking . i was really disappointed
 A strand was broken and two pearls had fallen off when I took it out of the package . I 'm returning it for that reason . It 's also quite a bit heavier and thicker than I thought it would be .
 the silver weight in this bracelet . For this reason I would NOT purchase this bracelet from this Amazon source . They say it 's beautiful , but is it worth the $ 400.00 they 're asking ... Only knowing the gram weight can we tell . I would not purchase under these conditions .
 It is pretty , but rather large . I was going to wear it directly on a choker around my neck , however , I now have to wear it on a very long chain
 the cross is really 11/2 tall ... the ring that holds the cross to the chain is a cheap wire.i am not happy .
 I ordered this item recently and it arrived promptly . However , the chain was as thin as I 've ever seen and immediately broke . Be prepared to order a chain upon receiving this item as the one it comes up with is completely useless !
 Earrings are painful to wear and did not curb appetite . FAIL ! Do not buy them . It 's a complete waste of your money .
 I was disappointed in the workmanship , since I had only worn the gold ones for about 4 hours and a portion of the front piece broke off . Have n't tried the pearl ones yet .
 I have arthritic hands and found it very difficult to put earrings on by myself . I honestly do not feel that they are what they are advertised to be and would not purchase or recommend . The shipping time and response to my order was great .
 One of the earrings is fine and the other one the magnet is in wrong or something , they wo n't stick together .
 This does n't glow in the dark . I do n't know if I got a defective one or what but it most definitely DOES N'T glow .
 It 's pretty , but it 's not like in the picture . The two rings do n't fit together , so there 's a big gap . Not for me .
 these tiny dice are well made and very unique ! They ended up being alot smaller than what we first thought they would be but that ended up being alright . One of them ended up in the top of an ear right above an earcuff on a guys left ear and the other one was small enough to be used as a nose ring it looks very small and feminine not like I would of imagined it but they turned out looking nice where they ended up .
 This item was not hematite . The ball ends had a shiny coating that came off within a week . I was allergic to what ever metal was underneath . It was definately not surgical steel , like the bar . Ended up with a refund because they did n't have anything genuine hematite to replace it with . Or so I was told . Was very disappointed .
 Let me first say that the delivery was excellent . I got the item earlier than expected . I do n't blame the seller at all . However , the problem is that I got what I paid for . The balls are plastic so the metal post easily stripped the grooves where it screws into the ball . There was no way to tighten it . I lost the ball and the ring the 2nd day I was wearing it . However , the one day I had the ring , I loved it . It was pretty that first day .
 The necklace is TINY and the chain is rather delicate . The chain does not appear long enough to fit comfortably around the neck of a normal sized 8 year old -LRB- who might like this design -RRB- . The chain is not sturdy enough to last with a younger child . The `` pink '' tourmaline is rather red and dull looking . The stones in the necklace do * not * match the color of stones in the earrings and ring . Overall , this was a waste of money .
 The earrings do not look at all like the photograph . The metal is a very cheap looking yellow tone .
 I was hoping this earring was a little larger and I was disappointed with the size.I know gold prices are high but this was not worth the price ! These were a small to med size hoop ... I 'd say more on the small size . The ad was a little deceptive . If you are looking for large hoops with some substance these are not the ones . Unfortunately I had to send these back .
 Unless my ears are abnormally small , these cuff links were way , way , WAY too big . I attempted a return but the return shipping costed more than the product . I am now using it as a toe ring ... good I suppose . A word to the wise -- only use free shipping and free returns .
 I loved this ring online ... after wearing it only two days stones started to fall out of two of the three bands . It looks great but is not worth the price !
 Purchased this and it arrived fast but ; no glimmer at allone stone feel out in the box on arrivalfeels and looks very cheap and bubble gum machine likeworth about $ 2.50 , nothing more then that . . royal rip off and I question who would ever write it 's grand , seriously ... run from this one
 Had this for only a couple of months or so and it 's already broken . It only ever received occasional , light wear . The chain snapped clean through . Do not waste your money .
 This was on my wish-list for a while then suddenly the price jumped to $ 380 . It was only $ 149 a few months ago . Why the price hike ? It still the same item is n't it ? The $ 149 was not a sale price . The `` retail '' price jumped to more than twice the original price.Disclosure
 Had this for only a couple of months or so and it 's already broken . It only ever received occasional , light wear . The chain snapped clean through . Do not waste your money .
 The silver necklace looks very nice and sturdy so I got it for my husband to wear a Celtic cross on . The first time he took it off over his head it broke at the clasp . Not very happy .
 The silver necklace looks very nice and sturdy so I got it for my husband to wear a Celtic cross on . The first time he took it off over his head it broke at the clasp . Not very happy .
 I do not blame the seller nor the maker of this ring , but just my luck im allergic to Titanium . Although allergies to titanium , if its not 100 % pure there is a chance of reaction . And of course even if it is 100 % pure it is possible for a reaction . Be aware of what metals are in or around your body to eliminate any possible allergic reaction .
 Earrings look great . Unfortunately , the star fell out of the clasps after one day . Resetting the stone was easy but annoying . This happened with both earrings , so be prepared to do some work yourself if you buy this product .
 The silver necklace looks very nice and sturdy so I got it for my husband to wear a Celtic cross on . The first time he took it off over his head it broke at the clasp . Not very happy .
 This is an Afghan hound depicted with a Borzoi tail it is pretty bad . This looks nothing like a Borzoi . You might improve your marketing and therefore , selling strategies , by correctly identifying your product . Maybe just call it `` Dog '' ? For the folks surfing - this not a Borzoi in any way .
 Not much to say here , not too crazy about it but it is made of leather .
 It is differnetly not a ring you would want to show off it looks cheap , poorly made and it very light total weight .
 good points
 Stud not long enough and it bent when I tried to put in the back in , the price was ok
 I purchased this chain and pendant about a month ago , within a couple of weeks it began to tarnish . I cleaned it , but the chain and the back side of the pendant remains discolored . Waste of money .
 The first time I tried to put on the belly ring , it broke . One ball is the side you untwist to put the ring on and off and the other ball is permanently attached . The side that is supposed to be permantly attached broke off . I superglued it back on but it 's disappointing that I should have to do that with something that is brand new . Granted , the belly ring was only a couple of dollars but I 'd rather pay more for something and get a product with some quality .
 I did n't like this only because it looked so strange on . Im fairly fit and thin , it was sticking out so far it looked ridiculous on me . Never worn it after trying it on .
 Pink was n't as bright as it shows here , very , VERY dull infact , like a baby pink .
 I received this one today . To my surprise , it 's not from Prada , but a brand named MIU MIU . It 's totally a mistake .
 When the item came they were soo tiny and thin , i thought they were too childs pinky rings . I could n't believe how the image is soo misleading to you . I would prefer all jewelry be described by inches not mm .
 I ordered several items from this jeweler . My credit card was charged , I received a confirmation and a ship date . Samuels then cancelled my order with no explanation and told me the items were unavailable . My experience was very unsatisfactory and I would not order from them again .
 I received these a few days ago . Now while the shipping time was great , the earrings I can not say the same for . Within minutes of putting them in , a stone fell out . I also bought another pair of a different style and color from this same seller , and the same thing happened . Within mere minutes of wearing , a stone fell out . I was sucked in by the lower prices than the regular silver seller I buy from . I got exactly what I paid for . Junk ! I have learned my lesson that cheaper is not always better . I will never buy from this seller again . I wrote to them and still have yet to hear back .
 I bought these intending to get RED 6mm earrings . What I recieved were two very light red -LRB- or what most would call PINK -RRB- earrings and , to be quite frank , they suck . While I was cleaning the new earrings in the alcohol wash , one of the CZ diamonds FELL right out of its prongs . I had to manualy put the CZ back in , and I doubt it will remain there if I were to wear them . I would highly recommend against buying this product . I am posting this on all of the colors which I was unwise enough to buy in hopes that people will avoid this product .
 Received it quickly , plugged it in right away to try it . It died almost immediately . Vendor promised a refund -LRB- have not see it yet -RRB- but I still do n't understand why this got such good reviews . I chose Kendal because they seemed like an experienced manufacturer -LRB- other larger models for sale -RRB- . My New Trent worked well for 10 months so I was looking for something more reliable . No such luck .
 I bought this unit with the expectation that it would work really well . I followed all the recommended cleaning instructions , and when I cleaned a ring of mine per the directions , it looked as if it was never cleaned . Wiping the ring down with a soft cloth made the ring sparkle more , but I could still see the build-up on the stones and in-between the stones . I am not sure if a good ring cleaner and a small soft brush would n't accomplish the same job .
 I bought this for my husband to match mine & to replace his older ring which was worn . The band that spins broke after only a couple days of him wearing it . Nice idea , but cheap & complete garbage .
 I was very displeased with this ring . I was under the impression that it was Sterling Silver . I do n't know that I would agree with that . All of my jewelry is sterling silver and can be worn everyday with no problem -LRB- other than occassional cleaning -RRB- . This was not the case with this ring . I had this ring on for only a couple of hours when I received my first compliment . Image my surprise when I took it off to let them try it on and looked down and you could see the entire design still on my thumb only in the form of a dark green tinted impression .
 I had this jewelry cleaner for less than a year before it quit working . While it cleaned my jewelry quite well , I was very disappointed that it did n't work for more time . For almost $ 40 , it should have worked for at least a few years . Apparently there is an issue with the seal and water seeping into the unit and frying the controls ... so it 's poorly manufactured . Please do n't waste your money on this unit .
 I bought it in October , 2008 and it quit last week . I paid top dollar , too . It 's too much trouble to return in now . I bought it to clean my glasses and it worked okay . It was very poor at cleaning my jewelry . Per other reviews it was hard on their ring settings , maybe mine was always defective as it did not clean my rings at all Buy another brand .
 I did n't find this to do anything more than plain water would have , but I decided it was n't worth it to return it . So I gave it to my mom , and she seems to like it , which is why I gave it two stars .
 This unit crapped out after 4 months . Started out OK then went downhill . Started shutting down after half then one quarter cycles then it ran for maybe a few seconds then not a all . Cheap . You get what you pay for .
 I bought this mainly to clean eyeglasses . I wanted to use it to remove green gunk from the nosepad area of the glasses instead of me having to scrub it with a toothbrush . It removed very little of it to my disappointment.I also tried cleaning a stainless steel watchband that had not been cleaned for 5 years . The holder that comes with the unit is great , but that 's about it . The water turned a little brown , but brown dirt was still in the grooves of the watchband.This cleaner is not powerful enough for real dirt . Maybe it 's okay for 1 day of dirt , but what 's the point of that ?! I should have saved my money and bought the professional grade cleaner -LRB- which is much more $ $ though , paid $ 300 -RRB- .
 Worked well for about 20 loads at 5 mins each -LRB- over the course of a month -RRB- then overheated and blew the transformer inside the unit .
 After I bought this I did n't use it for a couple months . So , by the time I finally opened it , the warranty had expired . This was unfortunate considering it only worked about 2-3 times before it broke . Now when I turn it on it will work for a few seconds and then shut off , so I have to constantly continue to hit the on button and dink with it to get it to do anything .
 we 've used this less than 10 times over the past year , and it recently died . the vibration sound is there but there is no actual vibration anymore .
 I basically bought this to clean my glasses and my cds , dvds and my son 's game disks . It does not do any of these things very well.To get my eyeglasses really clean it takes 4-5 minutes . I can use cleaning solution and a cleaning cloth and do a better job in 30 seconds ! Where 's the progress in that ?? Ditto on cds etc. I was just looking for a quick , easy way to keep my glasses clean without rubbing on the lenses . This is n't it.I 've been disappointed before and I 'm sure this wo n't be the last time . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought this for personal use of the cleaning of my tattoo grips and tubes before autoclave sterilization , hoping to cut out some of the vigorous scrubbing inside the tips and between the grip texture grooves . I was very disappointed and would suggest to others looking to go cheap to just save up and get a nice Crest or Branson .
 I was extremely disappointed with this cleaner . It did not perform at all . It just hummed very faintly with absolutley no cleaning action after repeatedly activating at the longest celaning cycle . I returned it for a refund.Bill D
 I bought this item through Amazon and just used it . It knocked out one of the diamonds on my engagement ring on the first use . This is ridiculous . I realize you are not supposed to use ultrasonic cleaners on loose jewelry , but this ring is only 6 months old . If this can remove a stone from my ring it will do it to other jewelry . Do not get for fine jewelry . I am returning it immediately .
 I purchased this unit to periodically clean my jewelry . It cleaned my wedding rings well.Unfortunately , the machine died after 6 months of using it approximately only once or twice a month , which in my opinion , is ridiculous.I suppose since it was cheap , I could say I got what I paid for . However , I would not recommend purchasing this unit based on my experience.I gave it one star for dying on me so quickly with what I would consider minimal use .
 This is an update to my original review below . Jewelry cleaner was wonderful when it worked . Then it died after about 9 months of weekly use . Beware that this product is not durable . ---------------- This cleaner works wonderfully . I use it for a diamond/platinum engagment ring , a white gold/diamond necklace , a pair of diamond/platinum stud earrings , and a couple watch bands . This cleaner gets all my jewelry looking brand new , and really cleans out the little nooks/crannies that have been impossible to reach with a toothbrush.Recently , I tripped outside and stuck my engagement-ringed hand into some muddy dirt to catch myself . The setting on my engagment ring is full circle of bead-set diamonds , so a ton of little spaces where dirt can hide . The ring band and setting was totally packed and encrusted with dirt . I tried everything - toothbrush , waterpik -LRB- several attachments -RRB- , even the milk steamer on my coffee machine . Nothing got out the trapped black dirt behind the tiny diamonds . Then I bought this cleaner and VOILA ! 3 cycles later , it shook out the dirt and restored my ring to pristine condition . SO HAPPY !! IMPORTANT TIPS :1 -RRB- Water alone is n't enough . It 's just common sense that water wo n't get rid of oily film .2 -RRB- Use HOT water instead of cold or tepid water . Does n't need to be boiling , just really warm .3 -RRB- Use 1-2 capfuls of Mr. Clean or similar cleaning solution -LRB- no special jewelry cleaner needed -RRB- 4 -RRB- Run several cycles -LRB- the most I 've needed was 4 , for the really , really dirty stuff -RRB- Wish the max cycle length went beyond 480 seconds -LRB- 8 min -RRB- , but this cleaner could n't be easier to use , and could n't clean any better . I love it !
 I love this moonstone and have bought two ... one for me and one for my sister . However , when I bought this for my sister it was $ 40 dollars and when I bought it for myself it was $ 60 ! This was in the span of a month that it increased by $ 20 ??? I can see if you sold it with the chain but there is no chain . Why the price increase ??? I have bought moonstone pendants larger than this for $ 35 dollars . The price is ridiculous ! It would be one thing if it was gold but it 's silver . I am not pleased with the price of this and see no reason for the increase in price . It is a nice piece but not worth $ 60 dollars .
 I ORDERED THE FIRST ONE AND THE STONE WAS UGLY ; IT HAD NO RAINBOW . IT WAS ALL MILKY OPAGUE . SO I THOUGHT I JUST GOT A BAD ONE AND I ORDERED ANOTHER ONE , AND WHEN IT ARRIVED IT WAS JUST AS BAD AS THE FIRST , SO I SENT THEM BOTH BACK . NOT WORTH THE MONEY . MAYBE THEY CA N'T GET A DECENT STONE IN THAT SIZE .
 Need I say more ... the picture looks as if the design run arounf the whole ring . It does NOT . There is 1 spot and it is toufght to see witht the high finish .
 I ordered the Titanium Celtic Beast ring as a gift and was truly disappointed when it arrived . Do n't be fooled by the appearance of the ring 's size ... the picture is greatly magnified . The ring is very narrow ... only 7mm in width ... not a good width for a mans ring . The Celtic Beast design is SO SMALL that you really do need a microscope to see any detail . I sent this ring back for a refund ... would not recommend !!!
 I bought this product thinking it would be good . First of all the size was n't even right . I already had a size 9 ring and this one looked like a 6 or a 7 . Second of all , it feels like plastic because its extremely light . Its made of titanium but it 's very light .
 Please do not waste your money . This anklet is not gold and comes in a very big fit . I am a size 7 in shoes and my ankle is a bit bigger than &#34; normal &#34; yet it still fits huge . Do not recommend . Waste of money .
 The size is too long to be an anklet , and it 's so thick for being an anklet . I Believe anklets should be fine and thin , I did return this product .
 I was quite disapointed with this ankle bracelet . It is very cheap looking and it is also way too big .
 I 've been eyeing this ankle bracelet for months . I purchased it so I could wear it on Mother 's Day . It was shipped on time , and it looked beautiful . I put it on right away and two days later my ankle had a black circle around it , and the anklet was changing colors . I removed it , washed it off with a mild cleanser made for costume jewelry . It was still a little off color but shiny enough to wear . Four days later to my horror it had turned a brownish copper color it was no longer wearable . It was suppose to be plated in 14k gold , if it was , it was a very thin layer . SO SO disappointed . DO NOT BUY THIS ANKLE BRACELET . I 'm returning it for a refund .
 The earring were much smaller than shown and now I ca n't give them to my Aunt as the gift I had intended .
 HI , i really liked the ring , but i only wore it a few times before it broke . broke on the back side . I then lost it before i could exchange it . :--LRB- oh well , good service though . Thanks , Barb
 I received my polishing cloth in less than a week which was great . However after me using the cloth a few times the cloth would no longer clean my silver jewelry . So if you are looking for a cleaning cloth to last for a long while this would not be for you . I would not buy this product again .
 When i purchased this along with the matching necklace , the company sent me an email saying that they had a tarnished bracelet and they would n't send it to me so i had the option to wait for a new one or to cancel the order . So i chose to wait and to be honest they sent it right away and gave me back the shipping money . But the bracelet is not as shiny as the necklace at all . It 's as if it 's made of stainless steel not silver plated . I do n't know if this is the tarnished bracelet they were talking about in their email because i have nothing to compare it to except the necklace . It 's not like the picture .
 I loved the ring . It 's beautiful , but after wearing it for only a few hours I got a nice green ring around my finger ... making me feel like it 's not really sterling silver . I 'd hesitate to buy again .
 I recived the ring with no problems , but was disappionted with the actual size of the Knot emblem . Would have liked it a bit bigger .
 When I got this ring it was beautiful ! But then not only 4 months later it looks like crap ! I now have to find a new wedding band ! I do not recomend this ring !!!!
 these were pretty and that 's why i chose them , but they 're pretty heavy and do n't hang well on the ear . they also were shipped missing a back .
 The overall impressions of other reviewers seemed to be that the quality of this product was better than the cost would indicate . I have to disagree . The silver beads are of a similar or lower quality than those found in any old bead shop . The ruby beads are very milky and have little character . The feel in the hand is stiff and cheap . Overall , it feels like a $ 5 piece of junk store jewelry .
 I purchased the smiley face earrings for my daughter and after wearing them one time I was disappointed to find out that the smiley face was a sticker that came off ! I tried putting the sticker back on but in the process it ripped . I was going to return the earrings for a credit but decided by the time I pay shipping it was n't worth it . I ca n't believe they think their sticker is actually going to stay on .
 Do not even waste your money on these cheap piece of crap earrings ! They are total crap , and because the shipping cost was just as much as the earrings themselves , it is n't even worth it to ship them back for a refund ! I thought I was getting a deal when I purchased these , but found out quickly that you get what you pay for ! When I opened the small bubble mailer that they arrived in , the posts were bent , and I found that I could easily bend the earring themselves as well ! They are very light weight and there is nothing to them . Buyer beware of these earrings - when it comes to jewelery , it just pays to spend the extra money !
 This bracelet did indeed have beautiful color , but the one I received had some white stones that I was n't expecting . If they had been spread around more I might have accepted it as a red and white bracelet which would have been cool , but they were n't , so I returned it .
 This ring is hollowed out , and therefore not as comfortable as a ring that is n't . I only wore it a few times and gave it to charity .
 These earrings are purple , not even close to the pink pictured . For the price , I gave them to my neighbor 's daughter instead of returning them , Cute , but not pink .
 the earrings were not same size -- one end of the left one was longer than the right one . they also were unevenly twisted . the wire is so soft that I could shape the earrings myself just with my fingers . The balls at the end look much smaller compared to the spiral wire piece . Bottom line , no matter how I put them , they stick out to different sides . I definitely think that I overpaid big time for them . If I were to see them in the shop I would have passed on them .
 I ordered these along with `` Curley Cue Twisted Spiral Sterling Silver Hook Earrings '' from Silver Insanity . I am not sure if they are the ones who manufacture these or if they buy them from somewhere else for resale , but they are VERY flimsy and were not symmetrical at all . When I started to bend them to symmetry , it was evident that any new bend was going to be irreversible and permanently kink the metal . I thought they looked very cool with a hint of sci-fi , but they looked awkward when I tried them on . It reminded me of misshapen paperclips with a silver BB glued at the end . I ended up returning them . They are an interesting pair of earrings , but be prepared to get exactly what you see in the picture -- they do n't line up . That 's only noticeable as the wearer ; other people who see you wearing them will most compliment them . There were no problems at all in getting my refund .
 I bought this for my dear lovely sister ... however it was too small !!! in fact you can get similar design in stores at a dirt cheap rate . . i had to return this.Full marks for amazon for their return policy !!!
 whom ever is selling this item its in other Jewelery stores like Crown Jewelers . I have a lot of Jewelers at good price and sometime your have too search stores too find the best price for what your looking for .
 I received this item as a birthday gift after adding it to my wishlist . It is a beautiful pendant , but it 's the tiniest piece of Tanzanite I have ever seen ! It almost looks like it was meant as a child 's necklace . You would be better off going to a jewelry store to purchase a similar item , so you can at least see the actual size . I have several other pieces of Tanzanite jewelry and based on what they cost , for the price of this item , you could easily find a much larger piece .
 seems of cheap quality and doesnt look very niceNot exactly a high quality necklace , but guess you get what you pay for ?
 I also owned 2 other pendants from Amazon.com , 14k white gold diamond key to my heart and 14k white gold diamond wishbone , both have small -LRB- total of .12 carats -RRB- and quality G-H color diamonds . Compared to those two pendants , this charm 's diamonds are poor in quality -- chipped and dull.I returned it almost immediately .
 Be aware if you purchase this product that there are four small emeralds and one itty-bitty diamond chip in the middle . There are metal prongs where there should be other diamond chips . It 's a bit deceiving . I guess I have a gift for my May baby niece .
 I purchased these earings to match a necklace that I had gotten my wife . When I recieved them I was disappointed but showed them to her anyways so I could see if they passed her inspection . She pretty much said what I said . Yes she occasionly likes to wair dainty earings but we both found these to look to close to costume jewlery . Also the thickness of the silver was n't just dainty but plain thin and had an apperance of being stamped to a very thin gauge . I 'm not a jewlery expert but we agreed that the `` crystal '' looked more like a plastic bead . We would have returned them but were lazy and decided to give them to a friends 3yr old daughter .
 I get that the description says `` amber '' , and it is not usually red , so the earrings I received are of a light orange color , a bit dispointed , because I would have loved it to be more cherry amber.and also , the shape of the earrings is not as shown on the picture , it 's more a simple oval shapenot bad , but not as expected
 I thought customer service was initially good . The first necklace was lost by FedEx . Another one was shipped . When I received it , it was suppose to have the double locking fold over clasp . It came with the lobster claw clasp . I was told the technician changed it in the product code but failed to change the picture to show the newer clasp . I wanted the double locking fold over clasp because in my experience they last longer than the lobster clasps . My acccount was credited , but they did not credit the $ 10.05 I spent to ship it back .
 This was a gift , and the person I gave it to loved it . The ring has a very classic design . It 's manly without being in the least fussy . It 's large enough to make a statement , without that statement being `` I am a made man . ''
 The picture is misleading . The earrings look cheap mainly because the design is simply a rod with 3 crystals each on either side . The earrings are also smaller than the size claimed in the description - they are definitely not 1.5 inches . Most importantly , you will not want to give these as a gift because they look so cheap . Even the discounted price is too much .
 in the picture they are very impresive but in reallity nothing to talk about but i live overseas so i can not return anything so i will be left with themruthi
 returned the item due to recieving white gold instead of yellow gold nd never got my new charm or a refund .
 Well you get what you pay for . Extremely light weight links are cheap , clasp the same broke first day . Looks very nice , however smaller then thought and the paws are hollow . Just no quality . Worth $ 12.00 at most . I 'm half Native American and so is the wife and we both love the looks but that 's as far as it go 's . As part Native american I 'm embarssed .
 These are pretty but I was very disappointed because I thought I was getting pink pearls with the Swarovski pink crystals . The pearl is not real and actually feels plastic . I own several pearl necklaces -LRB- including pink -RRB- and these will never be worn with them because you can definitely tell the difference by looking at them , without even touching them , no luster at all . Very disappointing . They should have been listed as ` faux ' pearls .
 The item was not as pictured . It is funky and of poor quality . The seller did not respond when I contacted him about this .
 The necklace is a lot shorter than I imagined -- it 's literally half an inch away from being a choker . The pendant is not in proportion and much much larger . I was looking for a cheap Valentines day gift for my gf , but this is just too childish .
 recently bought this item on sale for 9 $ . It is not even worth 2 $ . Pendent is very big compared to chain . Better stay away from this product
 Having bought the pear shaped earrings I thought this pendant would be a great complement to it but was disapponinted with the size of the stone as it was much smaller than presented .
 This is the second order of the same thing . When I spoke to Amazon CSR regarding the first order not having the earrings in the box they refunded my money . Then talked me into ordering again ... Well this time time I got earrings that look like I bought them from Claire 's - Unbelievable!I would never consider this KATARINA shop ever again .
 This was embarrassingly small . I thought I knew what half of a half-carat looked like , but the picture of this product made the earrings look bigger than they turned out to be be . Makes my wife 's 1-carat ring look absolutely HUGE in comparison . I told her that I 'd thoroughly understand if she never put them on . Goes to show ya -- you get what you pay for . I shoulda known . It 'd be much cheaper to buy earrings with cut glass , and nobody cold tell the difference .
 The picture is completely different than what you actually receive . I expected them to be small , but they were even smaller than I had imagined . The cut was asymmetrical if you looked at it closely too . But the worst part about them in my opinion was the color . They 're barely translucent and pretty much appear to be some dark blue opaque stone.Bottom line is I would be embarrassed if I had to give this as a gift to somebody .
 not impressed with this . packaging was very cheap , and jewlery looks like something i 'd pay five dollars for at wal-mart . save your money . not a good product .
 This necklace is not what you may expect , after going to some Swarovski stores you can tell it has `` other '' quality , maybe crystals come from Swarovski but the necklace is not similar to original ones , maybe it is a good gift for the price , but be sure what you want before order it .
 I can not believe that am giving this to my girl . The picture looks way better than the necklace itself . an 18 inch necklace should n't be so small , yet it is.One more thing , the crystals do not seem as big as the picture.The metal that connects the crystals together ; looks very cheap , very durable , could break/bend by any slight force . My water bottle 's cap looks more expensive than this metal.what else can I say about this cheap product . I 've just received this and am very very very disappointed and upset about it .
 Looks better in picture then in reality . The crystal looks more like plastic then glass . A cheap trinket . Not sure what is made with Swarovski Element in this one
 This stone in this ring was just a peice of paper glued too the ring to look like a stone . I just wonder can you also buy differant Peices of paper to get a `` differant '' ring ?
 A present for my wife , she complained they were too large for the holes in her ears , but kept them .
 This is a pretty bracelet , but it 's very narrow . Even on my 6 '' wrist it looked small . It would be ok for a child .
 I was really disappointed with this item and it 's partly my fault ... it was 7 inches which is just too small for whom I intended it for . I should have thought that out better . But the item came dark in color which makes me think it was an old product , close to being tarnished . So it was just not something I could give as a gift .
 The picture looks better than the product . There are only 5 sides . The sides are not even square , being about 4mm x 5mm . On regulation dice , the sum of opposite sides is supposed to be `` 7 '' , but the 5 is opposite the 3 and the 4 is opposite the 2 . The 6 is opposite nothing , as the `` 1 '' side is open . The presentation was very nice , a velvet drawstring bag within a gift box . With the cost of gold being what it is , this probably the best they can do for the price . Maybe you should buy a magnifier to go with it .
 I buy a gift to my girl friend , but she finds that the size of earings is not the same , one is bigger than the other one . I am so angry about this , this is for valentina ` s day
 14k White Gold , Round , Diamond Stud Earrings -LRB- 1/4 cttw , I-J Color , I1-I-2 Clarity -RRB- I was reluctant to purchase these earings after reading other reviews , but bought them anyway for a 31st anniversary gift for my wife.Although she wanted to be grateful , I could tell she was disappointed.We are not experts on diamonds , but these were dull and had no sparkle at all.I had purchased a similar pair a while back from Wal-Mart -LRB- she lost one -RRB- and they had better stones and nicer crowns.Shop before you buy these earings .
 Within a few months of wearing the earrings I noticed a black speck in the center of one diamond . I took it to my jeweler to have it cleaned and was told that the speck was an inclusion . The inclusion became visible because the layer that covered it had shattered . The black speck is still there . It completely ruined the pair of earrings for me .
 Having read the other reviews I expected something small , but decent . The particular pair I received had two defects
 I ordered these earrings when they were on sale for $ 99.00 because I thought they were an excellent deal . After they arrived and I put them on , my fiance noticed -LRB- from 6 feet away -RRB- that one of the studs had a large black spot right in the middle . I will be sending them back tomorrow .
 The diamonds were very small and clarity was horrible . They were not clear at all . We sent them back and went to a local jeweler to purchase .
 much smaller than appear ... it may have been a lack of attention payed to the cttw , but it may also have been that the total weight was the two together and not each one separately .
 UPSET !! ... Was an unpleasant surprise when I opened the box and see it . because in the photo the earrings look of a perfect size but they are minimal , too small like for a newborn ` http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000F4BZMS/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 These are a joke . They are barely big enough to see and look more like a gag gift than real .
 It 's not that I 'd expect a whole lot from a $ 99 dollar pair of diamond studs . But honestly , these are sooooo small about 2mm or less each that you ca n't tell it 's diamond at all . They kind of look like metal posts . There 's no room for it to even sparkle . After buying these , I went to Macy 's and picked up a fake pair of studs that were bigger and they look a lot more like real diamonds than these . You 'd do better to save up and get bigger diamonds or just buy the fakes !
 I ordered these as a gift . Purchased a similar pair for myself , recently and was pleased with quality , but this pair had problems . Had to reorder TWICE -LRB- thank you Amazon ! -RRB- , but FINALLY got an acceptable pair , just in time . I disagree with the I1-I2 rating these have . I have purchased diamonds before and knew these were not `` top quality '' , but the ones I received seemed far below any I1-I2 rated diamonds I 've bought in the past . It seemed to always be a problem with one earring . Perhaps , Amazon could make sure these were better matched , as a pair . Also , these had noticeable scratches and divots on the face or table , which is the most visible part on a solitaire diamond . $ 100 is a lot of money for lesser quality diamonds . Setting and backs were fine . In the end , all is well ; but I 'm not sure I would order these again .
 The ring I received was finely polished , and looked exactly like the one in the picture ... except for the stone . The stone looksabsolutely NOTHING like the stone displayed.Where that one in the picture was a dark blue , I received a ring that had more of a baby blue stonewith a black strain through it.I was very disappointed .
 I thought it was bigger than what I saw in it 's description . I bought it under that impression . When I received it , it was the size of a dime . I bought it for my boyfriend 's chain , and it looked microscopic on him ... so embarassing ... :0 -LRB-
 I bought this item for my niece that 's a Steelers fan . When I recieved it in the mail , I was so dissappointed with it , I never gave it to her . It 's so cheap looking and cheaply made . It 's maybe worth 50 cents .
 Did receive this product on second order . The band is not nearly as wide as it appears on the image . It is slightly wider than the football shown .
 I wish I read the one review available before I purchased this . Just opened the one I ordered and this picture is misleading . It looks nice and somewhat bulky but it is super cheap looking . I am throwing it out instead of giving it to the person .
 my husband got me this set for christmas , if he had n't bought it for me i would have never gotten it for my self . i opened the box and was shocked , not with joy but with a feeling words just ca n't discribe . i love my birth stone but hated what it looked like in this set . they are to big and weight way to much for ears . i do not like them at all , but of course i 'm not telling my husband that , i told him they were interesting and big . i was hoping he would return them , but he did n't . he actually likes them . If someone is thinking of buying as a gift , think twice because most people i showed this set to HATED IT .
 This price is ridiculous , for this charm or any one ordinary charm . I bought this on eBay for less than 25 % of the pricetag here . Cute charm - ridiculous Amazon price .
 This came within the time stated . I bought this as a gift , it was advertised as $ 28.95 and when I saw the bill , I was charged $ 45.98 . The item is nice but do n't get bated by the advertised price , keep looking for something else.Tuxedo Cufflinks and Studs - Black Onyx with Silver Tone by Cuff-Daddy
 They work fine as fasteners , are decent looking -LRB- if plain -RRB- and are pretty cheap , but not very durable . The black face of one of the studs fell off after two uses , leaving only the silver body . The other studs and cufflinks have held up fine , but it 's still annoying.I guess I should n't have expected more given the price , but I would n't recommend these . Spring a little extra for a set that is more durable and can be used longer .
 I strongly suggest that you do not buy this product . I was looking to get something that looked decent for a tuxedo I have , and while this product was more expensive it seemed a reasonable buy . The product , however , was extremely poor quality . Literally I took it out of the box the day of my Chamber of Commerce event , and while putting it into the shirt one of the buttons literally broke in half . Another button had the black insert fall out and thus I could not use it as I did not have glue to put the black insert back in . I was able to wear the remaining items without incident , but it is pretty clear that the quality is not something I expect to get much use out of . Terrible product . Look elsewhere .
 I thought I would get these and save a few bucks over the $ 100 - $ 200 stud and cuff-link sets . I should have known you get what you pay for.These were so bad I had to return them . The metal setting was all chipped and scarred on the studs , and the black stones on the cuff-links were too small and off-center . These studs and cuff-links are obviously cut-rate and very poorly made.I ca n't recommend these to anyone .
 I needed some silver tone studs and links for a wedding . These fit the bill , looked nice , decent price , but the shafts of the studs broke the first time I removed them from my shirt -LRB- getting ready to send to dry cleaner -RRB- . Waste of money !
 This is a nice toe ring , but even though I have size 10-11 feet , it is too big and slips round , so the ` knot ' is underneath , and if you go swimming with it on it will always come off - so not ideal for wearing and useage .
 The necklace I received did n't come the the chain in the picture . I do n't even know if the chain it came with is sterling silver or not . Not impressed with the earrings or the necklace .
 I purchased these earings because my 4-year old daughter keeps losing earings . I understood that the `` screwbacks '' would not come lose . Unfortunatley this was not the case . They did n't last a week .
 These earrings are hard to latch . I ended up loosing one becuase they do n't stay latched either . The quality is n't very good at all .
 This charm is so small that you would need a magnifying glass to actually see what the charm was !
 I got this beautiful ring for my wife as a gift . The edges are square as in the picture - not rounded . The two outer diamonds are only held by two prongs - not 4 like the others . Within three months of wearing it maybe once a week , one of the outer diamonds fell out . Now it is not so beautiful . I would have expected that from a cheaper ring .
 The ring looks fine online but was so surprisingly small once we received it . A point of reference shot would have helped avoid this problem . I suggest looking at at least .5 cttw , it is not much more and it looks so much better .
 the metal bar is too short to easily put into ear hole then clamp . the clamp is not tight and often comes loose . you can bend the wire back so the clamp is tighter but then it is hard to unclamp and get out of your ear.not satisfied with these earrings but you get what you pay for .
 I ca n't believe I bought these earrings , They look strong in the photo , but believe me they are not.Honest!I put them on in the morning.I did n't touch them or excert myself and by 6 p m , one just fell off.One earring 's hinge was already loose when I got it ! That doesn ; t surprice me because they mail them in those cheap asian cloth pouches that cost a cent for 100 count.These earrings are so tiny . They are very , very thin not like most little huggie earrings.I will never order from COOLSTYLES again . This taught me a lesson >
 It 's pretty , but the clasp is n't staying that well on mine . I 'm not in love with it , but it is pretty .
 I ordered this bracelet and it is beautiful ! I love that its not too big . The problem ? I wore it to dinner and it literally broke in half . I dont even know when it happened , i looked down and noticed it was gone and found in laying on the floor . Extremly disappointing . Also the clasp was extremly loose and i actually had to make the holes a little smalled so it would work better .
 I thougt the bracelet was pretty but the clasp was very cheaply made . It is very hard to get on and once you do clasp does not stay closed . A waste of money .
 Super quick delivery but as far as it ` looking real ' uhhh - no ... I do however like the bracelet , just do n't purchase thinking you will fool anyone into thinking it 's gold and diamonds .
 The clasp bends and breaks with just a couple of wears . It 's a beautiful piece , but you wo n't get very much use out of it because the dang clasp bends and breaks so easily .
 I bought this Bracelet for my wife she wore it one day and it broke at the clasp . Not very good quality . I would like to say though I sent it back and requisted a refund and was very satified that the company refunded my money no questions ask . I thank then for that .
 These are pretty , but very small - which is to be expected when you look at the measurement on the photo . But somehow I missed that when I originally decided to buy them . So that 's my fault . What is not my fault is that the seller took 5 days from the time I ordered to process and finally ship them ! The same day I bought these , I also bought 2 other items from different sellers . Those items both came before this one even shipped , and they were all shipped using standard shipping . That tells me that this seller is not up to par with the others . In any case , it should not take 5 days to process an order unless it is in a separate warehouse or on backorder . If that 's the case , they never notified me I 'd have to wait . Unfortunately for me , I suspect the items will still get here within the approximated time , so I wo n't be able to file a claim . This review does n't have much at all to do with the product - it 's the seller and their slow processing time . Even if the item still gets here `` on time '' it 's the principal of the thing . You should n't order something and have to wait 5 days before they tell you it 's finally shipping out - the item should already be there ! Anyways , I still like Amazon , but it seems to be hit or miss with their marketplace stores !
 The CZ does not sparkle at all , I doubt it is even CZ at all . It looks like gumball plastic . One of the hoops broke about a week after wearing them . Shame because I liked the hidden lock . The design seemed good enough to be considered contemporary not cheesy but oh well .
 these earrings are really very nice ... and the price is even nicer . they are a really good size , very shiny and are perfect with any outfit . Buy them ! you will be really glad you did .
 I liked the earrings , looks good , but too easy to fall off an earring clasp is not tight , very bad , and the other fortunately
 How disappointing that these beautiful earrings caused my ears to become infected - the first time in decades ! Anyway , if you do n't have an allergy problem these are for you . They are gorgeous , well made and beautiful . Just not for sensitive ears . I 'm soooo disappointed .
 I have had these for about a month . Worn about three times and the backings have bent to the point where it is now difficult to put them on . I have had many compliments about them and they are comfortable and nice looking , but I just do n't think they will last long . I will only wear them on occassion at this point becasue I do n't think they would last a whole week of use . Disappointed , but keeping them until I can afford the real thing .
 I dont recomend it , these earrings are small , and the clasp broke already , im not happy.pleas try to correct this product for customer satisfaction , thank you , sincerely Patty Figueroa
 The earrings are okay in finishing and craftsmanship , but the hook is not secure . I am going to lose one of them soon certainly and because of this I end up not wearing them often .
 I was shocked when I received these earrings . They are quite small -- more for a child than an adult . All in all , they are beautiful and my husband thought they were real ! The price is right !
 On this almost 9 $ pair of earrings SecureHoop charged me 30 $ for shipping ! That is outragious !
 These came as described , and were great ... For a few weeks . I used them for daily wear . Before long , the earrings would not stay clasped and the posts bent . Not worth the price , or the wait .
 I purchased this ring as a gift for my husband -LRB- who works on the ocean -RRB- . The design is wonderful and unique . However , we have purchased -LRB- and wear -RRB- numerous items made of pure sterling silver and know that they do not turn your fingers green or tarnish . This item made a green ring around his finger within hours of putting it on . Within a couple days it was already turning gray/brown on the inside from tarnishing . It is NOT pure silver and should not be sold/described as such . It is a cheap piece of jewelry . Unfortunate , because the concept and design are very charming .
 The silver work was extremely crude . There were barbs of silver on the seams of the mold . The stone looked like a cheap marble my kid bought at the super market ; to make it just a bit worse ... the `` marble '' was literally hot glued in place with globs of glue at the points where it is cemented to the silver . I honestly have seen better jewelry in my daughters Barbie play set . I wish they provided negative stars in this rating system because I would give this a negative five stars !
 Looked nice in picture . Looked nice out of bag , less then 10 minutes later onyx fell off . Sure it would have been nice if it had lasted . Had to run out and buy niece something at last minute to replace this . Risky product
 Pretty , but quality is obviously poor.Chain broke within a week . Seller would not answer my e-mail asking for a replacement or repair . I would have been happy even to pay for it.Cannot recommend this seller .
 The locket does n't close and the stone falls out . Very disapointed in it . If it worked correctly then it would be a cute piece to wear , but I 'll have to solder it shut if I want to wear it . Blah .
 It is bulky , ugly and useless . I sent mine back to tv boys , or whatever their name was , even though they charged me return shipping and acted like they were doing me a favor .
 Do not buy anything from these thieves . I returned my locket to them with the invoice and all the return info and a month later they still have not gotten me my refund . I tried to contact them and they still have not gotten back to me explaining what is going on . Do n't buy anything from them , they are dishonest and will steal your money
 The pendandt , although very beautiful , was smaller than I had expected . The photo made it appear so much larger . But the main issue that I had with the piece , was that the pendant spune too freely . It would never lay flat on either the denim lapis side , or the onyx side . I have n't hardly worn it for that reason .
 I thought based on the description that it was a charm bracelet . Well , I thought wrong . It was just the charm .
 I purchased two rings expecting them to be identical but they were n't . One was smaller in width than the other . Shipping was not fast it took a week just to receive them in the mail . Have to say I was dissatisfied with the result .
 Was excited to get these in the mail in time for St. Patty 's day . Went to put them on and one of them snapped off of the clasp . Only reason that I am giving the 2nd star is because the return/refund process was so smooth .
 I ordered this necklace for my mom as a gift and thank goodness I did it with lots of advance time because it really failed to impress me . The chain was so flimsy and the clasp seemed sure to fail . The pendant did n't reflect that color seen in the picture . It did n't win me over at all , so I returned it .
 I was disappointed when I received this in the mail as it was way more pretty in the picture . The color of the stone is way off , I found it very dark , and the chain was very low quality .
 I got this pendant for my mom for mother 's day and was surprised at the low quality . It looks like something you can get at Walmart for $ 10.00 . The chain is cute , but I would not buy from this dealer again .
 Since this is a diamond , I did not receive any Guarantee Certificate to guarantee its authentic caratage .
 The bracelet shows as white , but came in yellow . One of the charms is different too . It 's a cute bracelet , but the description should advise the difference .
 The price is good . But the size is not close to what has described . It is much smaller . It looks and feels 14K gold . But it is thin as a sheet metal . I do n't need the fancy jewelry boxes for this kind of pendant . I guess that 's where the money went .
 the item i received was distorted and not fit to wear , it was ripped on the bottom right hand side of the ring -LRB- top -RRB- it was not fit or safe to wear.it would 've cut my finger . i sent it back , have not heard from them yet i asked for a creit back to my account .
 the necklace itself is great . The clasp that it comes with is another story . The clasp came apart twice the first week we had it . It was very thin and fragile . I ended up taking it to a jeweler and having a lobster claw clasp put on it so it would n't fall off and get lost
 A little disappointed as ring has a lot of nicks & rough looking . The onyx looks more dark blue than black.You can tell it 's not an expensive ring .
 I bought this item as a gift for my friend and after just ONE DAY of wear the `` brass '' band in the middle had completely lost its fake coating and revealed the cheap metal underneath . The inside of the ring did the same . If it were actually sterling silver and brass as the company claims , this would not have occurred ; rather it was cheaply made of metal with goldtone and silvertone coating.After much hassle and disappointment I was able to return this product for a refund of my money.DON ' T WASTE YOUR TIME WITH THIS PRODUCT .
 Unfortunately , I also had a bad experience with this ring . I bought it for my husband 's birthday the end of October and by Thanksgiving it already looked awful . He only wears it on the weekends because he ca n't wear jewelry at his work . Needless to say , I am now buying another ring .
 I was disappointed because they broke ! One of the posts broke away from the base and now I ca n't wear them .
 Although I very much like the LOOK of the ring , unfortunately in less than a week , the ring began to lose its shape because of the gap between the heads . Definitely not a ring that can be warn constantly and one that is easily lost or broken . Boo .
 This is a lovely locket . It 's the perfect size and shape , and people admire it for its attractiveness . Unfortunately , it does n't close very well . There 's a gap between the two sides of the locket when it 's closed , and it does n't `` click '' shut the way a normal locket would . It will occasionally open on its own . I 've tried manipulating the metal piece that should allow it to stay shut , but it has n't really been helping .
 The image of this ring is very deceptive . The setting looks like costume jewelry or like it came from a bubble gum machine . The `` blue '' cz is actually black in any light . I would n't wear this ring anywhere , and I will never purchase from this seller again .
 Horrible , this ` sterling silver ' ring started turning my finger green after wearing it for 3 hours . It is NOT sterling silver ! I got ripped off !
 We ordered this along with the `` Womens 4 MM Wide Rhodium Plated .925 Sterling Silver Band Cubic Zirconia Ring '' as temporary commitment bands . I have to say that her 's is holding up a lot better . With a band this wide , scuffs and scratches stick out . It will due for now until we buy the `` real '' ones . I would n't buy this for actual weddings though . You get what you pay for .
 I loved the style and the fit of ring when I got it , but within 2 or 3 days , it was already tarnishing .
 Tends to slide on the tie a little . Tie clasp came apart after removing it from tie the first time . Is it worth returning ? Will attempt to fix it ourselves . Disappointed . Cheap .
 I just bought one of these a few months ago and I was going to purchase another just now but since the price jumped from $ 9.00 to $ 18.00 I think I 'll pass and buy from another site . This is ridiculous because it 's definitely not worth that much .
 I purchased these links to extend my Tiffany necklaces . They were cheap and embarassing from the back , and although my hair hides it initially , when they came around to the front , it was very ugly . One of the clasps only lasted one outing , and I almost lost the pendant when the clasp failed !
 I was extrememly unhappy with this necklace . The picture on-line makes it look beautiful with light shining thru the amethyst -LRB- ha , looks like cut glass not real amethyst ! -RRB- / Even putting it up to the natural light it looked dull/fake/plastic . I emailed and got a reply I would get a full discount just mail it back . Well , I mailed it back with insurance costing $ 6.55 after already paying shipping to have it sent to me . Because I feel it was NOT advertised in a ` correct light ' I asked for my shipping back for both charges and disputed the charge with my credit card company . The refund from Amazon was only the cost of the necklace with neither shipping charge . I am still going to dispute the the shipping charges because this jewelry did NOT look like it did on the website .
 Yes this necklace is lovely , but it is extremely cheap . Less than 24 hours after I recieved it the opal fell out . I honestly do n't even think it 's real silver . It tarnished very quickly , and I had to gorrila glue the opal back in , and that helped it hold . Other than those it was a beautiful necklace and I got many compliments on it .
 This ring is cheap and does n't feel sturdy or even real . Actually , I do n't think it is real titanium .
 Overall they are cute . But A LOT smaller than anticipated . And the metal on one was a bit bent .
 I ordered this earrings to go with blue topaz pendant that I own . The earrings that I received was such a bad quality it looked clear rather than blue . I contaceted this seller BUT it seems they not only sells the horrible quality stuff but do n't even respond to customer 's e-meil . Beware customers they charge $ 5.95 s & h that they do n't refund so even if it 's not your fault they will wrip you off anyway !
 I was kind of disappointed with this because it 's really small . I do n't think my toes are fatter than anyone else 's but this ring can not fit even near the base of my toe . I have to put it on the smallest part and even then the adjustable part does n't come close enough to be secure . I ca n't even get it past the nail on my pinky finger . I have a feeling it will either break or im going to lose it . It also disappointing because I was looking for something that would be secure and sturdy . It looked in the picture like it would be something that would meet my needs . In reality , it 's really just a sliver of silver that 's tiny . It did , however , arrive pretty quickly .
 It 's beautiful and I get many people tell me how pretty it is , but after you wear it a couple of weeks , it leaves a black mark around your finger that does n't wash completely off for several days .
 Not worth the money . Very cheaply made . Bent immediately . Broke quickly . If I could give it NO stars I would .
 The product was poorly crafted , the edges uneven , and overall a disappointment . The photo does not accurately reflect the thickness of the ring . The seam where the two ends were joined was blued from sodering and incomplete . The only saving grace was that I didnt spend much .
 This was the worst ring ever ... I wore it about 12 hours and it turned my finger green !! What a complete waste of money ... DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM !
 When i saw this on the internet i thought it looked amazing , the silver beads looked nice . When it arrived to my house the box did n't weigh a thing , i opened it and the bracelet looked horrible . I could n't believe i spent 13 dollars on this crummy bracelet . The only thing that seemed to interest me anymore was the heart shaped charm so i replaced all the beads and spacers and made my own bracelet .
 Would not buy another one ! This ring did n't even look like real silver and once cleaned it looked worse . Very disappointed .
 The earings themselves look nice but if you are buying them because of the diamonds then do n't waste your time . You will be sending them back like I did.The diamonds have absolutely no sparkle , even in the direct sun . The only reason why I buy things with diamonds is because they sparkle , these do n't , they look like someone forget to put in the batteries .
 I AM SO DISAPPOINTED . MY STONE IS NOT BLUE AND BRIGHT PINK AS PICTURED , BUT MORE LIKE BLACK AND ROSE-COLORED PINK . I WISH I HAD N'T ACCIDENTALLY THROWN OUT THE PACKAGING , OR I WOULD RETURN IT . THAT SAID , IT CAME QUICKLY AND WAS PACKAGED NICELY .
 I know it said it would probably differ slightly from the picture , but the color seems more on the flat side to me . The main stones cut also seems a little sloppy -LRB- but I am a perfectionst ! -RRB- Either way , it 's not bad for the price ... and I will still be giving it as a gift along with a few other things . Mabey it doesnt seem so great because I ordered the teardrop moonstone pendant along with it and THAT is really nice !
 I bought this fairy bracelet because my niece loves Tinkerbell . I loved the fact that the fairy has a kind of stone on the wings . So I bought one of each , a fairy with red wings , green , blue , well you get the idea . I regret buying them because the actual bracelet feels and looks like stainless steel instead of having a silver look . It reminds me of something that you can buy at a hardware store . Do yourself a favor and pass this one up . Bottom line - cute concept but poorly made .
 I was so excited about my ring purchase , until I received it . It looked even cheaper then I was afraid of , the stone was flat , and didnt even appear to be cz it looked like it came from a bubblegum machine . soooo disappointed .
 I was so excited about my ring purchase , until I received it . It looked even cheaper then I was afraid of , the stone was flat , and didnt even appear to be cz it looked like it came from a bubblegum machine . soooo disappointed .
 I was so excited about my ring purchase , until I received it . It looked even cheaper then I was afraid of , the stone was flat , and didnt even appear to be cz it looked like it came from a bubblegum machine . soooo disappointed .
 Bought these in amethyst as a gift . Complete JUNK . They looked pretty enough , but as soon as they had been opened , and my giftee went to try them on , the post broke right off ! I was embarrassed to say the least ! If that was n't enough , a packaging list wasnt included , so I am unable to even return them . Do n't waste your money like I did .
 I bought this pair of earrings for my daughters birthday , and was very happy when I got them . I gave them to her and she went to put them on and the post broke , she was really sad ... would not recomend them to anyone ...
 I was so excited about my ring purchase , until I received it . It looked even cheaper then I was afraid of , the stone was flat , and didnt even appear to be cz it looked like it came from a bubblegum machine . soooo disappointed .
 I was so excited about my ring purchase , until I received it . It looked even cheaper then I was afraid of , the stone was flat , and didnt even appear to be cz it looked like it came from a bubblegum machine . soooo disappointed .
 I have to clean it every time I wear it . It is not sterling .925 . I have a lot of sterling and have never had this happened to me . So not worth the money : -LRB-
 It is very pretty but the first day i wore it the large cz fell out . .
 I was so excited about my ring purchase , until I received it . It looked even cheaper then I was afraid of , the stone was flat , and didnt even appear to be cz it looked like it came from a bubblegum machine . soooo disappointed .
 I never received this product and I have to reorder it so I can get it . I am very disappointed in not receivng it . It is the first product from Amazon that I have never received . They said it was delivered but it never was sent to where I live .
 The earrings got in there in time and were packaged just fine . I was disappointed in the quality in that the green stones were very light not dark like in the picture . My daughter still likes them but , I would not purchase from this company again .
 Cute little guy , but the `` pink rose quartz '' pendant is more white than pink . The photo is misleading . This was a gift for a friend ; if we 'd had more time we 'd have returned it and asked for a different , brighter color .
 The ring and the description DO NOT MATCH !!! The diamonds do not go all the way around . DO NOT BUY this ring ! I could have bought this ring at any local discount store . Do n't waste your money
 had the ring two and a half weeks and woke up to the stone missing . I was using this as my engagement ring -- it was very hard to find a band or enhancer to go with it -- I finally found an anniversary band that would work when the opal fell out !! I do not work in construction or do many dishes so I do n't know why this did not last .
 Do NOT purchase this item ! It does not fit properly on the ear , and when you try to wear it it falls off . In the picture it also depicts the cuff as larger than it actually is . I would not recommend this for anyone .
 I expected to recieve 2 frogs and only got 1 . What happened to the other one ? It is cute but toooooooooooooooooo little .
 I ordered this , thinking i would recieve a pair of stud 2mm earrings . instead , i got one 3mm earring on a black piece of cardboard that stated , `` lone stud . '' I contacted the seller and they informed me that while normally we would `` percieve '' that i was purchasing a pair , i had actually purchased only one stud . so , spending another seven dollars , i purchased a second one . this one came as a PAIR of 2mm stud earrings ! I mean , what ???? Luckily , I have my nose pierced so i wo n't go through the hassle of returning the first stud , but I 'd just like to let you know that my experience with this purchase was odd . In addition , neither the pair nor the `` lone stud '' truly resemble the picture shown . However , i believe them to actually look better than the picture , which is why i gave this product two stars instead of one .
 My first review was about the latch/clasp of this bracelet . When I first complained to the Vendor , the clauses of his restrictions made me think it was a no win situation for me - were I to return it . I took the bracelet to a reputable Jeweller to put on a safety chain . They advised me not to lay out any more cash because this bracelet is not SILVER , but nickle plated . I still have to pay Amazon $ 61.98 for a bracelet that I thought was silver . I am a very senior citizen on a very fixed income and I have been duped . Who can I turn to ? I just do n't want any one else to dole out money for junk .
 I was disappointed when it arrived . First of all it was tarnished . The silver had black lines all around it after just coming out of the package and I understand silver does do this overtime but it should not do it before I even get it . And the 10 '' was way to big . Just disappointed in general . Hopefully Amazon will give me a refund and I can buy one elsewhere .
 had the ring two and a half weeks and woke up to the stone missing . I was using this as my engagement ring -- it was very hard to find a band or enhancer to go with it -- I finally found an anniversary band that would work when the opal fell out !! I do not work in construction or do many dishes so I do n't know why this did not last .
 A story below , Attn
 I was disappointed with the Blue Topaz necklace . It feels flimzy and does n't look nearly as nice as the picture . I will be sending it back .
 I bought this pendant as a gift for my daughter . Pendant was received in a timely manner . Very pretty but crystal fell out within weeks .
 This thing was much too small to be used as a septum retainer , it is 8g x 1/4 '' !!! my septum is wider than 1/4 '' ! I could n't use it but the company was quick to offer a replacement or refund .
 Overall these are disappointing . First , the length is smaller than advertised , under 13/16 inches , that is about 30mm , as compared to the advertised 35 mm in the product specifications table . More importantly , unlike the photo , the `` blue '' topaz is so pale as to look white rather than blue . The result is that the stone blends in so completely with the silver that it is essentially invisible except under very close up examination . In fact , at first I thought there was no stone at all.On the plus side , they are fairly sturdy and feel like good quality , but I shall have to make an emergency trip to the mall for a different gift .
 This bracelet has a good artisan 's touch but the peridots are hard to see under inside lighting . The color of the stones are much darker than is shown in amazon 's picture . It is a decent silver piece for a teenager and can probably be found alot cheaper at a local arts fair .
 Gave this to my son for Christmas . The loop was open when I received it . I closed it back up before I wrapped it . I bought a nice chain for it , and sure enough the 2nd week he wore it , it fell off and disappeared .
 I was n't real happy when i got the 2 braclets and there are no instructions and no clasps/esplainations on how to close it .
 This bracelet is not very pretty and IMPOSSIBLE to put charms in !!!!! The instructions were of no help at all .
 This is a nice piece of jewelry , but as is the case with all the `` by Zina '' jewelry , it 's very , very overpriced . Quality-wise , this piece of jewelry is no better or worse than similar pieces I 've bought , for half the price or less . I 've found a few similar pendant designs , for much cheaper , and I guarantee the quality is the same . There 's no valid reason for these `` by Zina '' inflated prices .
 I will be returning this product-it came broken inside the plastic bag-either is was very cheaply made or the person boxing it up did not see that it was already falling apart-beads were everywhere-very disappointed in the way it came-no was it damaged in shipping !
 A correction needs to be made to this product . I would love to buy the earrings pictured but the discription is for something completely different .
 The necklace would not lay flat ... the strand was slightly wavy instead of straight . Just truly uncomfortable .
 This store is a rip-off . I bought the same bracelet for my son for $ 20 . at WALMART . I paid $ 60 . at this store .
 14k Yellow Gold Multi-Gemstone NecklaceI was initially excited to receive this product . I thought I would receive something feminine and dainty . The whole product -LRB- chain and `` gems '' -RRB- were of poor quality . The chain specifically was more like 15 '' -LRB- the size and quality you would give a little girl -RRB- and the `` gems '' were nothing more than cheap plastic ! Nothing at all like the photo.Frankly , I am shocked that Amazon would sell something of obvious poor workmanship . It makes me hesitant to purchase any more jewelry from Amazon .
 I personally rarely spend much money on jewelry . I thought this item looked like a fun finger toy to have , so I bought it . I do n't regret buying it , but I would n't buy again . It is fun to spin , but does n't spin very well . Soap gets caught into it , and it is such a hassle to clean ! Buy this if you have a lot of money in your pockets and you want to waste it .
 The rings look absolutely awesome . Unfortunately they do n't like my skin . They bleed out on my skin . Because of that I ca n't give them a great score .
 The heart as well as the chain would be a great gift for either a child or a teen , however , not for an adult . I returned the Floating Heart for a refund !
 The chain broke in my hands . The pendant is very pretty but ... the chain fell apart before any use . Since it 's sold with the chain , I believe it 's reasonable to expect the chain to be functional . Amazon wo n't replace , the originator of the product -LRB- sabrinasilver.com -RRB- wo n't provide support or a replacement chain . So ... there 's my review .
 Beads popped out of silver frame several days after I bought this .
 This was delivered very quickly but was much smaller and delicate than I expected . The clasp is very difficult to get on and off because it 's very tiny . Maybe better for a child than an adult if you change the chain .
 Very disappointed , tie tack is very small compared to picture that is shown . Expected it to be larger the price was a little steep but it was purchased for my teenage son who loves eagles . would not order from this company again
 A word of warning . Totally do n't get this if your girlfriend 's or wife 's name begins with a letter other than `` C. '' And if you do accidentally get it , and she gets mad , do n't shrug your shoulders and say , `` eh , close enough . '' It 's just not a good idea .
 It was not what I expected . It was very tiny I mean small and I guess you have to buy a whole bunch in order to make them like a chain , cause I could n't figure it out what it was about .
 I wish that the Bunco charm had more on it . I wanted dice or something . This was the only one I could find . The charm itself is nice and is well constructed but does n't sparkle .
 The bracelet is attractive enough , however , the clasp broke after only wearing the bracelet for about two weeks . It cost $ 11 to put a new clasp on it !
 The service was good , but as for the product it was very thin and not good quality . Broke within a week ...
 I recieved this necklace on a Friday and by Sunday it was broke at the clasp . I only wore it once . I really liked the necklace but for it to break so easy I have second thoughts about my purchase now .
 I received the product in good time , but after 2 days , it broke . I sent it back to the company and now almost 2 months later , I have n't heard from them or received my bracelet back .
 I was very disappointed with this product . The frame is made of cheap styrofoam . When it arrived it was damaged and dented in several places . The `` easel stand '' is just a thin piece of cardboard that is n't even close to functional . What a waste . Needless to say I 'm returning immediately .
 Bought this ring for my husband for a Christmas present . He hated it !! Thought it looked like a piece of jewelry from a 25 cents vending machine . Had to wait over 10 days to reach someone by phone since the company was closed . The first person took a message and never called back . The description and picture in no way fit what we actually received . It is certainly not stunning . When we actually talked to someone about returning it , we were hit with a 35 % restocking fee because the ring was `` custom made to our specifications '' . What a joke !! This is the worst item I have ever ordered from the amazon site since I began using it several years ago . Will never order from this company again .
 I was very excited for this item to arrive . But alas , the first day I put it on , I only had it on for about an hour or so and while I was leaning on my kitchen table , the metal part of the bracelet snapped . I also think the picture is misleading . The red cord is very thin , not as thick as pictured , and neither is the metal hamsa , it 's thin as well . It 's very cheap looking for the money you 're going to shell out . I 'd move along .
 I LOVE the idea of this bracelet but this is the second one I 've ordered , only for it to break the second day I had it on -LRB- again -RRB- . I recommend finding another company who makes a similar product as this one is just terribly quality .
 The backing broke in half after my daughter had only been wearing them for two weeks ! Age was devastated because they were a Christmas gift !
 The item arrived on time but is very thin and broke after our daughter wore it just a couple of times . We did n't contact the seller because the piece fell and we did n't have much of the earring to send back . In addition , we waited a few weeks to give it to our daughter so by the time it broke the return period expired . Very bummed about this product .
 I got this ring and I never wear it . The sizing is smaller than it saids . And the turquoise stone stick up way to far , the one time I wore it it got caught on everthing !
 Aloha . My first review for Amazon . I gifted this necklace to myself for my birthday . Reading all the 4/5 star reviews and being impatient , I ordered it early . Shipping was fairly quick as usual . Thank you ! I was extremely happy when it arrived and quickly placed it on myself . Simple AND beautiful . The chain alone was beautiful and a + bonus that it did not kink or pull on my long black hair . Immediate 5 star rate ! I 've pretty much worn the necklace everyday until ... the chain broke . Only 3 weeks have passed . In the 2nd week , I noticed the chain had lost it 's color and shine . By the 3rd week , the chain was looking black . The floating heart pendant is creatively and simplistically designed . Love it ! But , it too started to lose its luster . Embarrassed by the blackness of the chain , I had planned to clean it with a sterling silver cleaner . But while I was -LRB- gentle-as-can-be -RRB- unclasping the necklace the chain broke . Very disappointed and I was NOT able to wear it for my birthday .
 Pretty flimsy bookmark for the amount of money . Jewel broke off immediately after purchase . It looked nicer in photo .
 The patterns were not as `` fashion forward '' as I would have hoped them to be .
 The pendant is nice ; however , it 's not nearly the color in the advertized photo . It 's more yellowish in color . I would prefer the darker shade , since the features in the jasper seem to stand out more clearly . I was pleasantly surprised that a chain came with it . I 've worn it almost incessantly since receiving it . It 's a good deal for the price !
 Personally I did n't like it and my piercing started to get infected although I disinfected it and cleaned my piercing . Did n't happen with my other jewelry , just this one .
 I ordered this ring about three and a half months ago , and after wearing it nearly everyday , it recently broke literally in half -LRB- so now I have to `` C '' shaped pieces -RRB- . I was taking it off , it fell on a hard surface from about two feet and cracked on the weld located directly opposite the snake `` head '' part . I was never excessively rough with the ring , so it had to be craftsmanship . Also noticed was that the silver plating had begun to come off rather quickly around the edges of the ring , and it turned black . The plating wearing off was n't too bad looking but I was rather dissapionted when it broke in half in a situation were most rings would leave unscathed . I am giving it a two because it looks good and feels heavy , but is simply made to a standard not fit for everyday use . I would only recommend it to people looking to use it casually , once or twice a week . Otherwise , it will break , it is not a ring to wear everyday .
 I ordered this ring about three and a half months ago , and after wearing it nearly everyday , it recently broke literally in half -LRB- so now I have to `` C '' shaped pieces -RRB- . I was taking it off , it fell on a hard surface from about two feet and cracked on the weld located directly opposite the snake `` head '' part . I was never excessively rough with the ring , so it had to be craftsmanship . Also noticed was that the silver plating had begun to come off rather quickly around the edges of the ring , and it turned black . The plating wearing off was n't too bad looking but I was rather dissapionted when it broke in half in a situation were most rings would leave unscathed . I am giving it a two because it looks good and feels heavy , but is simply made to a standard not fit for everyday use . I would only recommend it to people looking to use it casually , once or twice a week . Otherwise , it will break , it is not a ring to wear everyday .
 Shipping was very prompt and I received the earrings within 3 days . The silver celtic knot design was exactly as shown . But I was disappointed that the stones in my earrings was n't the same vibrant lavender shade in the picture . Unless you 're really close to the earrings you almost ca n't tell they 're purple . To get an idea of how light the amethyst are google rose de france amethyst -LRB- 3rd pic -RRB- . I wish someone had warned me in advance before buying .
 I ordered this ring about three and a half months ago , and after wearing it nearly everyday , it recently broke literally in half -LRB- so now I have to `` C '' shaped pieces -RRB- . I was taking it off , it fell on a hard surface from about two feet and cracked on the weld located directly opposite the snake `` head '' part . I was never excessively rough with the ring , so it had to be craftsmanship . Also noticed was that the silver plating had begun to come off rather quickly around the edges of the ring , and it turned black . The plating wearing off was n't too bad looking but I was rather dissapionted when it broke in half in a situation were most rings would leave unscathed . I am giving it a two because it looks good and feels heavy , but is simply made to a standard not fit for everyday use . I would only recommend it to people looking to use it casually , once or twice a week . Otherwise , it will break , it is not a ring to wear everyday .
 Poorly constructed out of inferior materials . The gift bag they 're delivered in is of higher quality than the cufflinks . I received these as a Christmas gift and will be returning them immediately . The gift giver was as disappointed as I am with the poor quality of these cufflinks .
 I am looking for a small hoop earring with a locking closure - exactly like this product.Since I participate in different sports , some involving helmets , I have been desperatelysearching for a style that was comfortable -LRB- no posts sticking out the back -RRB- and secure -LRB- one that I could n't lose -RRB- during sports ; yet simple and elegant.I also wanted one I could leave in during a shower or sleep that would n'ttarnish -LRB- hence white or yellow gold -RRB- or fall out.I like a matte finish and do n't really care for cheap diamonds . The styleI chose had diamonds that were so small , I thought they compromisedthe look to the point that it would have been much better without -LRB- I did n't see anyon their site without diamonds -RRB- . The style
 these earrings are definetly not as thick/hardy as they appear in the picture . they look very thin and fragile in real life , like they will bend easily ... not exactly what i was looking for
 these earrings were very cute ! loved them until they started to turn a brownish like color , that is definatly not silver !
 these are cute but they are huge ! the earrings are attached in a way so that the cheese faces in a weird direction so i had to bend them to not stick out so far .
 We were disappointed in the quality of this earring . They did not sit right on our ear . The cheese piece did not meet our expectation of quality . I could not recommend this product to purchase : - -LRB-
 I received this item and it was not what I was looking for . I feel that the image is misleading . The pendant it self is pretty but the chain that was included was a rolo link chain type , very , very , very inexpensive looking and different of the one on the picture . The first time I got a pendant from SilverSpeck , the chain was box chain type -LRB- better quality -RRB- and made the pendant look even prettier . I ended giving it as a gift to a friend and a week latter I made a second purchase for myself but this time they did let me down . The all set -LRB- chain & pendant -RRB- looks cheap . They should give more information about their product and describe better on the `` Product Descripiton '' that the chain they will send is what they have on stock and not what is on the picture.On top of every thing , when I did call SilverSpeck , the person that I spoke with was not friendly and if I can say , there was a bit of rude tone on his voice !
 Ok , so i bought this ring a while back and as soon as I got it was just not what i expected , the sides cut into your finger and the sizing is completly off the ring runs kinda big . That and wihin a week the finish had rubbed off . Please dont waste your money go with a tungsten carbide ring much much nicer .
 When I purchased this ring I read the reviews.The picture looks better than when you actually see it for yourself.I have this ring for over 2months now and the black is coming off.I have not recieved any comments on my ring from anyone and to me it looks plastic.Now it looks plastic to me but its not.I would say for a woman noway and for a man , maybe.The main flaw is like I said the black finish is already coming off .
 The satin finish wore of after I wore it a few times . should of taken it off when I worked around the house . It got chipped up pretty bad , not very durable .
 way larger than you would expect . looks ok . broke up with the girl so im glad i got her a half ass cheap feeling and looking necklass . LATE
 I ordered this for my three year old so for her first day of preschool she could have a necklace with a picture of her mommy , daddy , baby brother and doggy inside . Instead I got a ridiculously cheap pair of earrings - I 'm pretty sure they 're plastic ! I was so dissappointed and had to scramble to find another locket for my daughter . And now I have to deal with the whole process of returning the earrings and getting a refund . Nightmare !!
 I am really disappointed with the earrings . The designer is not attentive to detail . A littleglue and small amount of silver and that 's it . Also , they 're too light weight and hardly make a statement.Much too expensive for the poor quality.Too bad , I was honestly looking forward to a beautiful pair of silver/orchid earrings.In all of my years as an Amazon customer , this is the first time I remain highly disappointedwith Amazon shopping .
 I did not like this necklace . The crystal beads are tiny and they are scratchy . I would not recommend it . It is not worth the money .
 The first time I looked at the necklace I liked it , put it back in the pouch to wear for a special occasion . When I took it out of the pouch it fell apart . I sent it back for a replacement but do n't hold high hopes it will be better . Will not buy jewelry online again .
 even though measurements are posted in product information , I was still surprised at how small the earrings were . Nice , but appropriate for a child .
 The insert piece to lock in the earring broke . I never even got a chance to wear them so I was a little disapointed.I really love the style of this earrings . Can you send me a new pair?Thanks for your concern on this item .
 We purchased this earrings for our teenage daughter based on the measurements listed on the specifications section . To our surprise the earrings were much smaller , maybe for a little girl . We purchased SecureHoop earrings before with the same measurements and are very happy with the size and quality . But in this instance we had to return them for a refund minus shipping charges . Even after we pointed out the incorrect specifications .
 WISH some people would n't right reviews . The truth of the matter is the item is cheap . It 's paperthin , completely bendable . And very small . Comes with no chain & it is in a cheap black `` velvet '' style bag ! And to add insult to injury the seller charges $ 5.00 to ship you the piece of junk !! Not recommended .
 I love the actually pendent the time it got there was great . But I really did n't like how they show the pendent on a chain because I bought it for the whole package -LRB- chain included -RRB- . So when I got it I was SHOCKED that it did n't included it . So buyers beware this supplier does n't give you the actually chain which can cost you up to and extra $ 15 - $ 30 even thou they adversities it in their ad .
 I bought this item for my soon to be hubby it was so small i could have just threw it in the trash .
 This was the first time we bought something from a differnt seller other than AMAZON . Bad choice . This is without a doubt a beautiful , trendy , tatooish looking pendant but that 's if you luck out and get it when there 's staff working . My husband ordered this for Christmas and we even paid extra for it to arrive on Christmas eve , nope . We received it today . After two emails to the seller , still no response but a cute little pendant .
 This item was cheaply constructed . I would not recommend buying it unless you are going to use it as part of a halloween costume .
 a few days later I asked to see her new earrings . `` I 'm not wearing them '' she said . `` Why not ? '' `` They broke . `` They broke , both of them at the clasp , the day after Mother 's Day -- the day after I gave them to her .
 These hoops are flimsy and the clasps are terrible . I was looking for a pair of daily wear hoops . These are not the right choice . The clasps did not stay shut and the earrings would fall off my ears throughout the day , which is not a good look when you are in meetings.Alas , within 2 days of my new earrings arriving , one of them has fallen off somewhere and now I only have one . And since I 'm not a pirate , that just wo n't do . I wasted $ 20 here and hope you do n't do the same . Keep looking .
 At first when i saw this item I thought it would be nice for a fun family filled night together out in the meadow . Then when I put them on they started squirted pee out on my twin daughters . It got in their eyes and I had to rush them to the hobo convention to recieve some medicine . Then on our way home the earings squirted out poop onto my husband and got on his foot . At first he did n't notice , so after a while he had a muscle spasm and got stuck with it . So we were going 155 mph in our brand new ferrari . PLEASE DONT BUY THIS PIECE OF TERD . IT WILL MAKE YOUR LIFE PAINFUL AND STINKY .
 I bought this fairy bracelet because my niece loves Tinkerbell . I loved the fact that the fairy has a kind of stone on the wings . So I bought one of each , a fairy with red wings , green , blue , well you get the idea . I regret buying them because the actual bracelet feels and looks like stainless steel instead of having a silver look . It reminds me of something that you can buy at a hardware store . Do yourself a favor and pass this one up . Bottom line - cute concept but poorly made .
 My daughter bought this and even wrote a letter to the company it did not even last for 2 days . Very Disappointed .
 Well this is the first thing that I bought off of Amazon and I can say I was honestly unsatisfied . This really seemed to be cute and I thought it would be a great Christmas gift fo my daughter . Well it broke the same day she got it . Thanks a lot ...
 This item started losing the gems after two wearings and the charm broke the third time .
 Chain broke off the stud after first removal from ear . Very flimsy and metal fatigued easily .
 I wanted a fake piercing just to see if I would like the look of a real one without having to risk infections and stuff pertaining to having a hole in the flesh.It 's cute but just not realistic due to the wire jutting out of the rose . Which sucks because that 's what I was going for.However , I decided to get a real piercing , not because of the look of this product , but because of the look of a tiny metallic golden dot sticker that I took from my little cousin . Wish that I 've done that sooner ...
 Review of axe nose ring
 You want my input ? I 'm giving you it!My fiancee ordered directly from Evesaddiction.com because they had a free shipping weekend , where amazon would have charged.Unfortunately we made the mistake of ordering directly from them rather than through amazon.com.We had to cancel the order because we had came accross something and we were n't sure about it . . than after double checking we decided to contacted evesaddiction.com.they went ahead and canceled the order but had told us that we would need to re-order the rings since the order number was no good.We went ahead and did so , and after almost a week now . . not only have our rings not arrived yet . . the order that we had canceled turned out was never canceled and they charged our bank account twice and refuse to refund unless we ship back their product!I 'm a little nervous about that because i 'm not even sure we 'll see that 53 bucks that was charged extra to our account even if we do send them back their package.You want my advice ? Order directly through amazon ... they would have taken care of this problem long before any of this crap happened .
 Product is not what it says , when you buy a charm you expect to get a whole charm not a cheaply made HALF charm ! I was extremely dissapointed in this item , and feel that the seller should show a complete back and front picture of this item so other buyers do not waste their money like I did .
 Granted , this is cheap , but it 's hallow and does n't have a back . So it 's not really great to put on a charm bracelet because it 's one sided ! I would n't order it again or recommend it either , because I paid more in shipping than the actual item . Good thing I bought it for a little girl and not a mom !
 The earrings were so tiny I could hardly hold them in my hand , not at all like the picture displayed . Will never order from that company again .
 I did not like the way the earings looked on me , they were of good quality . It is so difficult to find clip earings ...
 I bought this as a gift for my goddess daughter . Unfortunately , it is completely illegible -- worse than pictured . You ca n't make it out , even when staring at it up close , let alone on someone 's neck .
 Need I say more ... the picture looks as if the design run arounf the whole ring . It does NOT . There is 1 spot and it is toufght to see witht the high finish .
 I ordered the Titanium Celtic Beast ring as a gift and was truly disappointed when it arrived . Do n't be fooled by the appearance of the ring 's size ... the picture is greatly magnified . The ring is very narrow ... only 7mm in width ... not a good width for a mans ring . The Celtic Beast design is SO SMALL that you really do need a microscope to see any detail . I sent this ring back for a refund ... would not recommend !!!
 I bought this product thinking it would be good . First of all the size was n't even right . I already had a size 9 ring and this one looked like a 6 or a 7 . Second of all , it feels like plastic because its extremely light . Its made of titanium but it 's very light .
 This ring looks gorgeous but because it sticks up it gets caught on everything . It is not worth the problems of wearing it . If you are someone who does n't do anything or does n't have to reach into a pocket book for anything you will be fine . Like I said looks great but cumbersome to wear .
 I hoard unique jewelery so naturally this was right up my alley . I tried it on when it came in the mail and it fit fine . I went to wear it yesterday for the first time and it broke right in the middle -LRB- just opposite the adjustable part -RRB- I was really upset ! I guess because it 's adjustable it ca n't take that much tension and it snapped . I LOVE the way it looks so I am going to try and melt it back together but I would have definitely returned it if the return shipping was n't so ridiculous . SAD = -LSB-
 and cheaply made the quality is so poor and it looks like you bought it from a grocery store bubble gum machine its bad it was $ 18.00 when i bought it ...
 Earrings were a disappointment . They seem cheap considering the price and very small , not impressive at all .
 These were not worth the 160 $ They are super tiny and the stones are rounded instead of being uniquely unevenly cut as it appears in the picture . And the big sale price mark down from 330 $ ???? If they gave you the actual gold weight and length of these earings I would have known that the real value is about 40-60 $ and goodluck returning them because they charge you a 40 % restock fee
 I ordered 3 items . This necklace came to me with a nasty kink and a ring that had a dent in it.I had to send it back paying for the shipping handling ... so I paid for the initial shipping and handling as well as the shipping and handling to send it backThis company is ripping off consumers !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This looked more like something you 'd hang an ID badge on for work than a piece of jewelery . Mine got returned .
 It 's disheartening when one orders a product from Amazon , and then finds that the order is cancelled . Seems that Amazon dangles enticing deals and prices as a form of loss-leader to get people to use the site - but this is foolish - it only upsets customers who may begin looking elsewhere for their ecommerce needs .
 I was really dispointed when I received this pendant.How can it make in such a way?the serface is coarse and the back is full of black glue.Though it is in good design , but it is not looks like the picture .
 I purchased this item and it was as beautiful as it looked in online when I received it . However after a week of wearing it the dragonfly fell off somewhere so there was not point in wearing it anymore . It was great for the price , but I was disappointed that I was unable to enjoy it very long .
 I bought this ring because I thought it was beautiful . Turns out , it turns my finger green and I can not wear it . I wore it a total of a few days before I saw the green appearing and it made me very angry . I knew it was n't white gold when I ordered it , but I thought that only bubble gum machine rings turned fingers green ... I guess not .
 it 's pretty but beware it may leave behind a green ring . that old saying is ture so good luck .
 This ring looks better in the picture when I got it you could see the stone pretty well but I think I did n't like the band otherwise it was okay.I was very disappointed .
 The ring came in good time and the silver is shiny . However , there is no black in the lettering and the phrase on it can not be read . I wear it as a thumb ring and it made my thumb break out . I would return it expect the phrase on it , `` forget me not '' , is important to me . I would love to give this ring an excellent review , but I just can not do that .
 This item is perfect for any girly cardinal fan but honestly it is junk ! All my rhinestones fell out within 3 days ! It was not worth the cost ! It is cute for a day or 2 but after that , once the rhinestones fall out , it looks rusted from the holes . Dont buy this item ! I was very upset and it was not worth my money !
 I 'd like to know where this is . I have n't received it yet . It 's been a month .
 This is definitely not a toe ring . Wore it on my thumb because it was too big for any toe . Plus all the stones fell out .
 I purchased this product through Amazon several weeks ago , and was very disappointed when it arrived . It is much lighter in color and weight than I expected . A nice necklace for a teenager but not bold enough for an adult . I have returned it for a full refund .
 The picture made these earring look different colored . When I received these earrings , they were silver ... and very flimsy . I could easily bend and break them . I 'm very disappointed .
 I really liked these earrings when I first got them . With each wear , though , the finish comes off a little more and silver just disappears , leaving chunks of just clear plastic intermixed with the silver color . They 're very cute for the first few wears , but be aware they wo n't stay new-looking for long .
 I think I have owned these earrings for 4 weeks and I just lost one of them yesterday . I do love the oval shape and I received compliments on them . One earring the clasp was super tight and the other popped up and down very easily . I looked at it to see if I could tighten it , but there is no way to do it . If you get two earrings with super tight clasps , then your good to go !
 This necklace may be genuine amber , but the chips are very small . The picture shown is larger than the actual necklace .
 This turned my ears green ! And after wearing them only a handful of times one of the stars fell of . Not worth the purchase at all !!
 The picture appears to show a true 3-dimensional charm . If you flip it over you find that it is a `` pressing '' or hollowed out charm that only looks like a pelican on one side . That means that if it flips over while you are wearing it you are looking at scooped out silver and not a pelican . On the plus side it does come with a very fine chain that looks about 18 inches long .
 Well I really ca n't say much except for the fact that it broke after 2 weeks , so it was not worth buying . I am mad I wasted my money !!! Be aware
 The stones are not as bright as the pic . Purchase at your own risk !!!!
 It 's hard to tell exactly who , or what it is . It is very cheap and hollow and hideous and smaller than advertised . It also cost more than advertised . I sent it back .
 This ring is a ripoff of ring made here in the U.S. by Edward Mirell . It 's absolutely identical , but not the real black titanium that Edward Mirell uses and that their parent corporation has the patent on . So beware - the black WILL come off pretty easily as it is only plated . It 's a shame that Amazon sells knockoffs , and that Edward Mirell is powerless to stop them .
 Titanium alloys are relatively CHEAP ; they are certainly nowhere close to being considered even semi-precious as a base material . They 're typically easy to machine and work with , which only compounds the problem I have with the pricing , even if the price of entry is far below that of gold or platinum.Yes titanium is durable . Yes titanium wears well . Yes titanium is hypo-allergenic . Yes it 's cheaper than gold . But in the end it 's still just titanium , a bloody well common metal in pure form and nearly equally just as so in all of its alloy forms . Considering how simple this band is , it 's not much of a step away from costume jewelry , regardless of how stylish or spiffy it looks . An equal amount of this metal in an airplane wing would be equate to pennies ; am I supposed to be impressed that some cheap labor -LRB- or even a machine or two -RRB- who knows where spitting these out by the thousands makes it worth a cool $ 100 ? I think not . -LRB- Evidently some of the sellers also think as me , since it 's now $ 30 cheaper than it was four months ago when I first wrote this rant . But considering the prices of some of the other titanium bands here on Amazon , $ 70 is still on the steep side . -RRB-
 In the past i have ordered so many items and amazon had always exceeded my expectations.For our anniversary , thought would order jewelery from amazon as we had liked their excellent service in the past -LRB- i looked for items from amazon store only under jewelry instead of amazon affiliates due to loyalty -RRB- . The time estimate for this ring said 5 days , since i had 8 days to our anniversary , decided to buy.On purchase amazon sent an e-mail that its going to take 10 days , rigthaway I decided to cancel the order -LRB- as its few days out of my required date -RRB- and send a note to the customer service and they promptly replied back with a note that its already been shipped and ca n't cancel it.Now i was hopeful that it might arrive on time , but worst happened , it came as previously mentioned -LRB- 11 days later -RRB- . This is totally wacky , how in the world it could have been shipped and it took 10 days to arrive ? Even balance bar and stuff arrives within time where as key items that were promised to be delivered in 5 days ca n't be delivered ? I ended up screwing the anniversary and gave so many excuses not to have a gift -LRB- to my wife because of this -RRB- - i would never buy/recommend jewelry from amazon.The story is not over , they had shipped wrong size of this ring to me , so i decided to return it . There we go , the second saga of my experience , they received it and rejected it and sent back the ring -LRB- actually they rejected it on my second ring -RRB- . Unbelievable worst experience from amazon.I usually do n't write reviews or feedback , am writing this so people like me can at least think twice before they buy jewelry from amazon . If you 're buying any jewelry , please go to a reputed store -LRB- online i had wonderful experience with other top 2 merchants along with returns -RRB- . would n't recommend amazon , unless you have time and energy to test these folks -LRB- not worthy risking the occasion -RRB- .
 I 'm a bit on the fence about it . On the one hand it looks pretty cool and the black fits my personal style well . On the other hand , that black scratches off way too easy ! After only a month , I noticed a couple scratches where the black was scratched off . After a couple months , there are many scratches . For the price , I did not expect to have the black scratch off like this . Maybe I am too rough ? If the black scratches completely off , I will have to get another ring . It 's a bit disappointing .
 this ring is so ugly , and huge , but its ok for your daughter on holloween or something if she is going to be a princess or something . i wouldnt wear it in public .
 my son bought this for his girlfriend for Christmas . It 's very pretty but the chain is very frail and didnt last . Ended up having to buy a new chain .
 Do n't waste your money . The very first day I wore these earrings the onyx fell out of one of the earrings . I did n't know who to send it back until now .
 I just received my earrings and am not happy . They look like miniature versions of what I see on the screen , and I do n't see any dimensions published -LRB- now I know why -RRB- . I will send these back -LRB- if the shipping is n't more than the cost ! -RRB- .
 The earrings in person looked very cheap and once I received them , I felt I paid too much for the lack of quality of the earrings , although they looked nice on the internet .
 First off I would like to say that I LOVE Silver Insanity items and have bought things from them numerous times . They are a good company with quality items , but this item is not one of their best . I think they should just take it out of their inventory . I 'm sad to say that this item looks much better in the picture than in real life . The metal is of poor quality , not like their usual silver products , The globe itself actually looks really cheap and ugly . I 'm thinking that maybe if I found a round stone to fit inside and glued the lock shut then it might work , depending on if I can get the metal shined up to standard . Right now it 's been sitting in my jewelry box for over a year and I have never actually worn it yet . Also the lock mechanism on it does n't stay closed all the time .
 This is one of those items that looks much better on picture than it is . I received an almost rusted pendant that was impossible to open -LRB- as they are advertizing -RRB- . Do n't waste your money !!
 The picture online was so beautiful . To me it reminded me of the Cat collar , `` Orion 's Belt '' from the first Men In Black movie . Not that big of a MIB fan , although I was interested in a necklace look-a-like I searched online and stumbled across this pendant.When I finally got it I was severely disappointed . The cage that was supposed to `` open '' Was stuck and I broke a nail attempting to open it . It 's about the size of a quarter and does n't even come with a chain.The small hole where the chain goes through is about the size of a needle head . Most of my chains would n't fit and the ones that did were too delicate for this half pound paper weight.The globe itself is very beautiful but the thick fake gold gridlines running through the entire globe ruin the effect.I was n't SEVERELY disappointed but then again I did n't think I would pay nearly $ 40 for something the size of a bottle cap .
 The earth is very unclear and the holder rough looking . I was expecting a more fine piece of jewelry .
 I have only had this piece for two days . I received it as a gift . I no longer have it . The lock on the cage opened at some point and the globe is now gone . I loved this piece . It has been on my wish list for two years . I am terribly dissapointed , and will be contacting the seller to request a refund , or a replacement of the globe . I had contemplated wireing it shut ... had i been able to find the globe .
 THIS IS THE CHEAPEST CRAPPIEST LOCKET I 'VE EVER SEEN , BIGGEST RIP OFFEVER !!!!!!
 I bought this necklace for my wife and she loves it . The globe inside is a deep blue , and the continents are made up of different stones . The quality of the chain seems good , and the globe is not too bulky , so she can wear it comfortably without feeling like there is a giant ball hanging around her neck . The bad thing about this item is the lock that keeps the stone globe inside the case . It is just a little tab that clicks into a hole , but either the tab is not big enough or the hole is not deep enough . We have had the globe pop out five times now . Luckily it 's been in the mall or while we were walking through a parking lot , so we were able to retrieve the globe every time . My wife is scared to wear it out of the house now , so it is just sitting on the dresser until we figure out how to rig the lock to make it hold better .
 Although I was pleased with the overall appearance of this pendant , after opening the world cage the clip fastener refused to re-fasten properly . It can not be worn with confidence . Too bad !
 They look great , but who wants to spin each earring through your earlobe every time you put them on ? Wait a pain ! Sent them back .
 these earrings were much smaller than i thought they would be and were super thin and cheap feeling . deffinately not worth what i paid for them . will be going back asap !
 They r very thin , look cheap ! Do n't waste your money ! They looked very nice in the photos , however , when i recieved them , that was a big disappointment
 I 'd love to buy some of these rings , but my ring finger is a size 10 , and my index fingers are size 13s . Ca n't we see some beautiful jewelry for larger ring sizes ?
 Item arrived quickly and was nicely packaged . However , the Oval Carnelian Ring looked nothing like the photo on the Internet and I had to return it . Instead of being a nice , rich , blood red color with a high clear dome , it was a orange rust color with flat stone -LRB- very plain looking -RRB- . I had to return it .
 Item arrived quickly and was nicely packaged . However , the Oval Carnelian Ring looked nothing like the photo on the Internet and I had to return it . Instead of being a nice , rich , blood red color with a high clear dome , it was a orange rust color with flat stone -LRB- very plain looking -RRB- . I had to return it .
 Item arrived quickly and was nicely packaged . However , the Oval Carnelian Ring looked nothing like the photo on the Internet and I had to return it . Instead of being a nice , rich , blood red color with a high clear dome , it was a orange rust color with flat stone -LRB- very plain looking -RRB- . I had to return it .
 Item arrived quickly and was nicely packaged . However , the Oval Carnelian Ring looked nothing like the photo on the Internet and I had to return it . Instead of being a nice , rich , blood red color with a high clear dome , it was a orange rust color with flat stone -LRB- very plain looking -RRB- . I had to return it .
 I was really disappointed with the color of the `` ruby '' stones ! I knew they would be a little light for this price , but the ones I received look more like Pink Tourmaline than rubies !! Very disappointed ...
 I bought this earing to gift it to my Sister-in-law ... Its cute but it doest sparkle as shown in the picture . . In the picture the stone s are very dark in color but the one i got is not as bright as i expected to be ... The design is nice . .
 I would NOT recommend anyone to buy this item . It tarnishes way too easily . The gold plating is a joke . I would give it a 0 star if I could . I bought these in Sep 2009 . The jewelry turned black within a matter of 13 months . I had spent close to $ 165 buying the complete set - bracelet , necklace and earrings as a wedding gift . To my embarrassment the bride returned the jewelry back to me indicating that this set had already tarnished in Oct 2010 . If it is $ 5 item then I am okay with the item tarnishing within a year or two . However at this price point an 18K gold plated item better hold up . I contacted Amazon but they only have a 30 day return policy . So long story short stay away from it . I would like to know the feedback from all the folks who gave positive feedback on this item within 30 day of purchase . How is it holding up ? I am uploading some pictures so that you can judge it for yourself !!! Note
 Would you imagine that the workmanship could be so poor that it the gold plating wears off in just 5 months ? Well this pair of earrings have already tarnished and are un-wearable . They have been carefully placed in their original container and have never been worn . I purchased this item as a gift and am yet to present it to whom it was intended for . It seems like I 'll have to toss it away.On calling Amazon today they were good enough to provide some promotional credit but they could not accept a return18k Yellow Gold Plated Sterling Silver Ruby Flower Dangle Earrings
 I purchased these for my granddaughter 's 9th birthday on July 29th . I opened the package and I thought this is exactly what I wanted . Closed them up and put them away . BUT when I opened them up to wrap them for the party they were all tarnished . Now , it 's too late for me to return them . I 'M NOT HAPPY !!!!!
 I really liked these earrings , but both were lost when the leverbacks stopped locking in place after just a couple months of use .
 When I saw the discription -LRB- RUBY -RRB- , I assumed red ... and the stones are actually PINK . Do n't need or want pink earrings ... need dark red . Also , very tiny , not worth the cost .
 I was so disappointed with these earrings that I am returning them . I always figure that the picture has been enlarged , but these are miniscule ! You ca n't even tell what the design is .
 I received the pendant today . Was not happy with what I got at all . The one in the picture shows markings around the circle . The one sent was just plain ... . This is a present for my daughter am so glad it came here first and not to her .
 The chain looks like it had been mended -LRB- badly -RRB- so I just tossed it out .
 The earrings are dollar-bin quality , and one of them had a big black fleck in it . Despite the fact that this was their fault , Sabrina Silver did not refund the cost of returning the earrings to them -LRB- they did refund the purchase price and original shipping . -RRB- Now they have increased the price from $ 8.95 to $ 17.95 ? Ridiculous . Save your time and money .
 The chain looks like it had been mended -LRB- badly -RRB- so I just tossed it out .
 I dont know about you , but I have NEVER had a Sterling Silver ring turn my finger green . so I am not even sure if they are really sterling silver . I will not be buying any of these rings again .
 Returned for refund . The first time worn it did n't last 4 hours before one of the stones fell off , then the clasp ring fell off . This is a real piece of junk !
 It 's okay if you 're only going to use it once or twice . The downside is that the cap turned rusty and fell off , breaking the chain ...
 I 'm sorry to say this ring looks better in the picture than in person . The gold tone is too bright and wore off quickly . It has a light weight to it .
 I ordered this product December 17 , 2010 and it is now January 1 , 2011 . I have not recieved this order at all and still waiting . I am getting very frustrated because I am preparing to get married soon and do not have a ring . What kind of company is this to have such disgrace to they 're consumers ? I mean really I was really hoping to have this amazing ring to get married with , but ca n't even do that with this ring . So I am just going to look for another ring else where , where the employee 's will actually work to give the products to the right people and to that person as well as send it to get married in . I am so displeased with this company and product that it is coming from . And have a Happy New Years ! 2011
 This ring is GIANT , i mean `` block incoming laser beams from space '' giant . I mean `` Wonder-twins-activate '' giant . too big to be attractive , and if you copy and paste this ring into the search bar in amazon , you will find the same ring from other vendors , that IS correct . What a WIDE ring .
 the seller shipped had fast shipping but the ring was alot thicker than what was said . not much shine , the ring had no life , i had to return it
 I received three silver keys which I gave away for gifts at Christmas . Very nice and each different . I did not receive the fourth ordered Celtic Knot Key .
 The ring looked exactly as it did in the picture . But for Sterling Silver - I did n't expect that it would turn my boyfriend 's finger green .
 This wrap bracelet was not as expected . It is unique , kind of pretty and sytlish but i did not like the quality once it was received and I would not wear it . .
 I like the product , the stays are good , I like the finish of the product . The problem -LRB- and the reason why I 'm rating it low -RRB- , is that I did n't get 3 sizes , I got two pairs of the largest stays and one pair of the medium size , but no small size , and that is actually the size I use the most!Unfortunately I did n't realize of that problem until I was no longer in the States so I can not return them now ...
 This item was shipped and when it arrived it was shattered . The glass had spilled and I tried putting it back together but it did n't work . The metal pins are stained and I am unhappy with this purchase .
 The packaging id berree than the &iacute;tems . They are ok but I expected a little more quality . I would n't recommend this , maybe try the plastic options
 The metal stays I received from Cuff Daddy appeared to be used , the description said new . The glass tube was chipped and 2 of the 6 stays were missed . Do not order from Cuff Daddy !
 My necklace just arrived and I feel very angry . It is NOT the same one as listed in the photo at all . The chain is smaaller and thinner than the one advertised , and the toggle hook is much smaller and cheaper looking , as well . This is a huge misrepresentation of what you actually get . For the price , I feel like I 've been ripped off.I make a lot of jewelry purchases and this is the first time this has ever happened to me . It is NOT worth the money and not what I was expecting to recieve for what I paid .
 My necklace just arrived and I feel very angry . It is NOT the same one as listed in the photo at all . The chain is smaaller and thinner than the one advertised , and the toggle hook is much smaller and cheaper looking , as well . This is a huge misrepresentation of what you actually get . For the price , I feel like I 've been ripped off.I make a lot of jewelry purchases and this is the first time this has ever happened to me . It is NOT worth the money and not what I was expecting to recieve for what I paid .
 This box is pretty , but that 's all it has going for it . There is no picture of the inside , which consists of 1 pull out tray , about 5 '' X 5 '' , with a small side slotted for rings , may hold eight medium size rings . Underneath that is a simple 3 sectioned bottom . Best of all , no way to latch it , even my 30 + year old jewelry box had a latch , so be aware that the clip in front is just a swinging decoration , not functional at all.Pretty , but overpriced and usless if you want to keep things in it , forget about any sort of security , pick it up wrong and you will be picking up your jewelry . Today I discovered that although you get a real person when you call Oriental Furniture -LRB- shocking , I know -RRB- , you get to pick up the tab for shipping the item back , and they insist on insurance AND a tracking number , seems like all you get to do is pay for a big bunch of nothing . Merry Xmas to me !
 Tough synthetic leather of very bad quality . Looks very cheap . The only pro is that it fits for 100-euro banknote . And does not fit for US dollars at all !
 Nice wallet but the lining ripped after 2 days of use . The slots are good size for credit cards . They need to use thicker material for lining .
 The sides of the ring that do not have small round diamonds are flat -LRB- not shiny -RRB- and the image of the ring does not portray this .
 was very heartbroken with this product to small not a well made at all wish i would have sent it back
 The picture of this looks great , but in person the chips are microscopic . In fact , they are almost invisible . It 's a cute charm for a bracelet , but that 's about all . As jewelry , or the perception of jewelry , forget it .
 I ordered this ring with three expectations - one , that it would fit , two , that the band looked like the photo , and three , that the stone would be a half-carat size as advertised . While I did get it in record time - it was even delivered in two days ON Christmas Day ! - I found that it did not fit my expectations on any count.First - I ordered the same size 7 I wear every day -LRB- and have many rings in this size that DO fit -RRB- and it was noticeably too small.Second - the band does not look like this at all . I got a knife-edge band , with a sharp ridge running across the upper edge of the band , which I do n't care for at all . It 's probably the mounting style I like the least of all.Third - The stone is definitely bigger than a half-carat - probably closer to a full carat . I do n't have my calipers handy , but when compared with some half-carat sized stones I already own , it is significantly larger . I wanted the smaller size stone it was supposed to be.The stone also fits so far down inside the mounting that the culet -LRB- bottom point of the stone -RRB- hits the bottom of the prong set mount , and that blocks light from coming up through the bottom , cutting way down on the sparkle.Unfortunately , it 's going back for a refund .
 It 's very beautiful and such a shame the piece is put together so poorly . I received this item at Christmas and the angel fell off . I liked it so much that I recently ordered another and the same thing happened , only this time I found the angel so I 'll have to take it to a jeweler to fix correctly .
 We had to return the product because it looked cheap and was tarnished . The silver had scratches on the back and some of the white coloring was coming off of the angel .
 The angel is a glued on piece of plastic that looks horrible . The silver pendant itself looks poorly made with minimal detail -LRB- looks like a bad soldering job -RRB- . The chain is very flimsy and the clasp is extremely small -LRB- not easy to use for anyone with adult sized hands -RRB- . I will be returning this immediately , sad because it was supposed to be a birthday gift I bought because it looked nice in the picture . I now know why the picture was low quality and you could n't zoom in ! I was tricked !
 beautiful when arrived , so much so , that I decided this will be my everyday necklace except for special occasions . NOT ... 2 days later , the angel piece in the center fell right out on the floor . Wasted money on this one .
 I ordered a ring that stated `` Toe Ring '' in the description . The ring came very quickly but was not a toe ring . I do n't know anyone with a size 8 toe . If you know anyone please direct them to this seller ! Is it a wedding band , toe ring or thumb ring ? Pick one !
 item is very cheap . i have never seen a sterling silver ring that turned dull in a couple of days .
 I was not at all happy with this ring ! Right when I opened it . . it was already tarnished looking . I would have sent it back , but , it was $ 5.00 for shipping . So , it was n't worth it !
 The silver was very shiny , beautiful little ring . I was however , very disappointed in the size . This ring was at least a full size smaller than the 71/2 ordered . As with another piece of jewelry I ordered , it was priced low enough that it was n't worth bothering with sending back , but I am leery of ordering another ring due to sizing issues .
 I ordered two of these rings in January to wear on both sides of my diamond . I was very pleased with these rings until one of them came apart where the ring was joined . I am very disappointed that this happened . The rings are beautiful but I can not wear one of them because it now pinches my skin . Maybe I just received a bad ring .
 The ring is like used , has a rayon and beaten in one side . Money wasted ! I did not like it !
 This is as small as the smallest keyring wire I 've ever seen . My niece wanted it for Christmas . It was on her wish list , but I 'm embarrassed to give it to her .
 I 'm a huge fan of lance 's movement and will be taking the livestrong challenge next year ... . but you can buy these bands for $ 1 a piece on the official website . I dont think all the money is going to the foundation from here , someone else is getting a $ 2 profit on the bands . Please support the actual company and the fight for cancer , not companies on amazon making double profits on these .
 You can buy it locally for $ 1 each or buy it at livestrong.com for a dollar each . With the money you spend on these you could have got double!Just so I thought I 'd let you know since I made this mistake by making a quick decision .
 Beautiful ring setting , but did n't like the stones , particularly the blue one . It was too flat on top and looked like plastic . Too bad , because the setting is first class . Hated to send it back , but could n't live with the stone .
 This is clearly not a sapphire , but the picture makes it seem much bluer . The stone is violet , not dark blue . The ring itself is lovely , has very nice milgrain working all over , but the side stones are nicer than the center stone .
 I got this necklace for my brother because he 's really good at chess , and I thought he 'd like it . But he ended up saying that it was n't the universal sign for a king .
 The picture is very misleading . The earrings are very tiny and after wearing them twice , they look as though they are tarnishing . They look very cheap and honestly are n't worth it .
 They look cheap , much smaller than the picture shows , very fragile , they broke when I got them out of the box , i did not wear them even once , do not recomend them , not worth the price
 I thought these earrings were cute and still do , as they are pictured . However , the pair I received -LRB- Dec 2009 -RRB- had a chain that was twice as long as it should be . The earrings did n't look right . I contacted the seller and they offered to replace it , but , the cost of sending it back was as much as the earrings , so it was n't worth it . Hope yours looks like the picture .
 I was a little disappointed as the picture showed a very dainty elegant earring but when I receive it , it did not look either elegant or dainty . The wires are very very thin and the chain with the ball is quite longer than shown which just makes it look less attractive.The balls have a tendency to get tangled in the wires with normal movement . I kept them but I was n't thrilled with them . Have n't gotten any comments either .
 Horrible !! These earrings are cheaply make & were broken when they arrived . The only correspondence I recieved with the earrings was a small receipt with an email address to email if you have problems . I emailed the company twice and never heard back . I ended up just throwing the earrings out and wasting my money .
 I have to say I was very dissapointed in these earings . They are very pretty , however the hook of the earing is so cheap whatever comes in contact with it will bend it . It seems to be such a soft material that it Can not hold its shape . The earings are useless to me now . I can `` t even try to get them back into shape , thats how bad they are misshaped .
 Beautiful , but way too dainty and fragile . One of them broke when I took it out of the packaging and I never got to wear these earrings .
 These earings are fine , are cheap , but the picture make you think that they are a quite bigger than they are .
 Well I really liked these earrings in the pictures , but after a few times wearing them , the little chain with the ball fell off . Needless to say I was n't really impressed with the quality . I received them for Christmas , and they broke before January was over . Do not recommend .
 Beautiful piece , had to search for it in the box , it did not appear to even be there . Wife wore it all of 12 days before the ring that attaches the pendant to the chain opened up and pendant fell off . If all you are going to do is look at it then it is worth the price , if the intention was to actually wear it , then put a safety chain around it too .
 This charm was so small , it did n't match any I already have . It was advertised as on sale for $ 99 . At this tiny size , it was no bargain , even on sale . I returned it .
 I ordered two pairs of earrings from Gem Avenue - this pink crystal pair and the similar lavender/blue crystal pair . I received the lavender/blue crystal pair , but NOT the pink pair , although I was charged on my package invoice for both . Very bad service on the part of Gem Avenue . I ended up contacting Amazon & getting a full refund directly from Amazon -LRB- which , as always , had GREAT customer service -RRB- . : - -RRB- I definitely would not buy from Gem Avenue again . I requested the refund from Amazon rather than pursuing an earring replacement from Gem Avenue because after seeing the lavender/blue pair in person , I was SO not impressed ! I did n't even want the pink ones afterward . Anyway , I do not recommend this brand . It 's just a bunch of cheap junk that looks wayyyy better online than it does when you receive it .
 I received this item as a Christmas gift after putting it on my wish list . I 'm very disappointed because the colors are so light . Online the colors look fairly rich but in person they are almost nonexistent . Definitely not worth the money .
 The Swarovski company speaks out of both sides of their mouth . The refund and repair policy is nonexistent when needed . Whatever the problem , they seem to have an excuse not to honor their commitment . I wish I had read their reviews on the Complaint Board before buying . Note
 When i received my earrings in the mail i was not so excited as when I saw these compared to when I saw it on the web . They are good quality and cute sparkly earrings but they are definitely not genuine swarovski crystals . more like glass .
 I thought these were going to be made of stone . These feel and look like plastic beads . I wish I had spent my money on something nicer from a craft fair .
 These looked great in the picture , but when I got them I was disappointed . There 's not as sparkly and bright as I had thought they would be . They just look like plastic beads on a wire . The return policy from the store I bought them from was such that it would have cost too much in postage and fees to make it worth returning .
 I only wore mine for 2 hours , the crystals fell off on both earrings ! I love the colors and the length , too bad the quality is n't as good .
 These earrings seemed gorgeous in the photo , but when I got them in the mail they looked cheap - and not much like the picture . They do n't dangle the way they seemed to in the photo , either . They 're small plastic beads on a wire . I got them as a gift , but did n't give them to the person they were intended for - I plan to give them to my 14 yr old niece for her birthday , instead . They 're more suited to a pre-teen/teenager than a woman .
 the picture makes the earrings look more brilliant and bigger than they actually are . They are a gift but i am disappointed .
 The earring broke as crystal loosen from bottom just passed their return policy day , worn a few times only , the needle head is too small or the wire is too thin to hold these crystals . The shipping was over charged . Disappointed ! Written by buyer 's wife .
 Hi , I bought this for a present , but the metal pieces came al rusted and worn out . Crystals are amazing , but what was supposed to be Silver is all dark . I can not give it as a present looking like this . . I know Silver might get dark IN TIME , if it 's in contact with skin , due to body grease and dust but not out of the box.I uploaded an image about this.It 's not the first time I buy stuff from this guys , but seems to be like a lottery , hoping your product to come as described.thx .
 These earrings look good in the picture , but in person they look cheap . It looks like each crystal is hanging on its own in the picture , but really , they hang straight down in 2 rows on either side of the wire . The 2 rows are fastened to each other . They DO NOT dangle individually . Also , the crystals look really fake . Like plastic with shiny gloss on them .
 I AM STILL WAITING TO RECEIVE MY ITEM . SO I COULD N'T POSSIBLY RATE SOMETHING I DO N'T HAVE . EXCEPT TO SAY THAT ITS TAKEN WAY TOO LONG TO RECEIVE .
 My son bought this for his girlfriend . Within 2 months of wearing it , it turned black . She tried cleaning it with silver cleaner but could not restore the silver . He was not only embarrassed but a little upset over the wasted money .
 I realize that these are not expensive jewelry , but I have earrings that I 've paid less for that look much better . I was disappointed with these . I love the colors , as I wear a lot of black and thought these looked great online . Simply put , they just look cheap . Even the silver leverback looks & feels cheap . Very disappointed .
 These earrings are really pretty which is why I did n't give them only 1 star . They are however completely falsely represented in the sense that the description is a flat out LIE ! The beads are not Swarovski crystal , they are merely sparkly beads that you can buy at a hobby shop . I 've seen the exact same beads at Hobby Lobby and they are an inexpensive synthetic crystal -LRB- I make jewelry in my spare time and I could make these for less than $ 5 a pair , so you guys are being ripped off -RRB- . I 'm really upset that these are total fakes and from now on I will only buy swarovski crystal jewelry from certified swarovski dealers and never on Amazon again .
 I was very disappointed when I received my bracelet . I packaged it up and returned it immediately . From the pictures , I believed that the bracelet was of a substantial size . Instead I found that it looked like it belonged on a baby or a young teen . The hearts were about half the size of a pea . I was disappointed . You might not be . But understand that pictures can be deceiving .
 I never received said cross . What do I do now ?? I did receive two empty boxes , but what possible good could they be ?? I guess I could start a fire with them . Any suggestions ??
 I was shocked this was very very small . Way to small for the price . I bought it for my 21 year old . I have to buy another one . I will be returning it .
 THIS CROSS IS SMALL ! WAY TOO SMALL , I was expecting a men 's cross , and what I got was barely fit for a small child . The cross is made of a beautiful substance , unfortunately there is no way to even appreciate the cross as it is so small that it is not worth buying , I am returning this item , it is just too small to keep .
 Charm looks much better in the picture , of course I understand that it 's much smaller in person . The quality is not that great , unlike the description . I 've seen much better in the stores !! I will not return it because the shipping will cost me more than the charm is worth . Too bad for me , I 've learned my lesson ! Thanks anyway - my fault !
 I received the bolero bracelet today and I was disappointed ! Its much smaller than illustrated and the metal looks like silver ! I can usually tell the difference between platinum , white gold and silver . This looks cheap .
 I liked the appearance of the pendent , however the the chime was more of a rattle . I had ordered the larger one also , and enjoy the mellow chiming sound .
 This pendant is simple and elegant . The size is perfect for a petite woman like me . However , I agree with a previous reviewer -- the chime is more like a rattle . My friend has a harmony ball necklace that sounds angelic when she shakes it so I wanted one as well . I was really disappointed with the rattling sound of the 3 or so noisemakers inside the pendant . I would say it sounds more like a sleigh bell than a harmony ball . I 'm too lazy to send it back too so I guess this pendant will make a good holiday rattle for the upcoming Thanksgiving and Christmas festivities ...
 Wrong color shipped and it moves too much . I did not see where it was reversible either . At least it was cheap .
 I received the Globe Harmony ball today and the only thing that qualifies it as a globe is the fact that it is an orb - it is supposed to look like the earth -LRB- including continents -RRB- but it is just a smooth round silver ball . I expected the harmony ball to chime but just sounds like a cheap bell like we had on our roller skates as children . For $ 57.36 , I am stunned . I would not recommend anyone purchase this item if they are expecting to receive the item pictured .
 was very heartbroken with this product to small not a well made at all wish i would have sent it back
 This belly ring is really ugly . It looks like a growth or a zit or a sore or something . It was n't worth $ 1.99 . It is not the company 's fault , I wanted a red belly ring . But I do n't want it any more .
 Had this for only a couple of months or so and it 's already broken . It only ever received occasional , light wear . The chain snapped clean through . Do not waste your money .
 pretty , but they fall forward in your ear . I have to take mine to the jeweler to be fixed so that I wo n't lose them . I an now very suspicious of anything in the `` gold box '' because of these earrings . They can not be worn as is .
 These were nice earings , which I received as a gift off my wish list . But after I wore them about 3 or 4 times , one of them fell out and is now lost . The post does not stay in place very well . I am frustrated because I put these on my wish list because they are advertised as having an `` innovative clasp '' which avoids lost earings . But they did not work well for me.By the way , after I first wrote this review , I called Amazon to complain . They sent me another pair right away at no charge . This suggests to me that others have complained in the past . I appreciate that they were so responive .
 Upon receipt , I noticed one earring had residue on it as if a label had been removed . These earrings are nice , but rather thin in weight and certainly NOT a perfect fit . I am not confident about the clasp which is rather thin . As another reviewer mentioned , the earrings sit on the ear leaving the post somewhat visible so these will be returned .
 A gift to my wife `` just because '' she loved the way they felt and weighted not how they `` creep up '' and stay there . She does not use them as much as she would like . Do n't buy them you will be sad : -LRB-
 I looked forward to receiving these earrings in the post and was n't disappointed until I tried them on ! They never stayed in place at all they kept tilting forward exposing the post and hinge .
 I am a frequent Amazon jewelry shopper and have been delighted with the quality of all items I have purchased , EXCEPT FOR THIS NECKLACE . It broke within a week of purchasing it . One day I was wearing the necklace and all of a sudden it slipped off my neck . Apparently , the ropes unraveled from each other and fell out of the metal collar located next to the clasp . My jeweler told me it was not worth fixing .
 The silver necklace looks very nice and sturdy so I got it for my husband to wear a Celtic cross on . The first time he took it off over his head it broke at the clasp . Not very happy .
 I ordered these to replace a pair i wore for years and had recently lost one.These are less than half the size i anticipated so sent them right back.Really disappointed . They are soooooo small ... not as big around as thetip of my pinky finger .
 I am less than happy about the earrings as they are not as presented on the site.I was seeking earrings that are 0.75 to 1 inch in diameter . These rings were presented as being .75 inch in diameter but when we opened the package - the rings were less than about .5 inch in diameter . Oh well .
 I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED WHEN I RECEIVED THIS ITEM . DEFINITELY NOT WHAT I EXPECTED . THE PICTURE MAKES IT LOOK SO BIG AND THICK BUT WHEN I GOT IT HOME IT WAS A VERY SMALL EARING DEF . NOT WORTH $ 60 .
 I purchased these same earrings from Amazon last week for $ 10 less . What is going on Amazon ? Why did the price jump up $ 10 ?
 SORRY TO SAY THEY WERE A BIT OF A DISAPPOINTMENT BUT YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR WITH GOLD THESE DAYS .
 Looked great in the picture . When they arrived I was surprised at the size -LRB- tiny -RRB- They did not fit when I tried them on and could not latch them since they did not fit my earlobe . They would be good for an infant .
 They are tiny , not at all what expected ! Poor quality , size for the price was a joke of an order , lesson learned !
 I 've purchased a lot of earrings for my wife , and she likes very simple and small ones that she can wear all the time -- sleeping , yoga , running , etc. . These are small diameter , which is fine , but they are not solid gold . They appear to be plated and really feel like plastic . When I first held them in my hand , I could n't feel any weight at all , and I would be embarrassed to give them as a gift.I returned these earrings , and Amazon was great , as usual , about the free shipping and quick credit . I ended up buying a different pair from a local jeweler . They were even smaller hoops , but because they were solid gold , they felt like something substantial .
 i WAS TOTALLY DISAPPOINTED IN THE SIZE AND APPEARANCE OF THESE EARRINGS.I ORDERED A FEW ITEMS FROM AMAZON FOR CHRISTMAS GIFTS AND WAS DISAPPOINTED IN ALL OF THEM
 I am long time Amozon customer and this is the first time I feel flat out ripped off . These earrings are tiny - not small - tiny . When the package first arrived , I truly thought that they forgot to ship the earrings . I could n't find them in the pouch they were sent in .
 It may be my mistake that I did not see the size , but width was fine but size of hoop was tiny .
 The photo showing these earrings indicated 1 inch -LRB- I assumed in diameter -RRB- but apparently I mistook this after looking again at the diagram . . My mistake !! They are only 1/2 '' in diameter - and that is NOT what I wanted . So I will return them for credit to my account . They are beautiful but just too small , and I will look for a larger size .
 These earrings sit unworn on my wife 's dresser because they 're uncomfortable to wear . Apparently the pin that fits through her earlobe is flat , which stretches out the hole .
 I bought this for my GF for xmas . They felt cheap to me . Also they are smaller than they appear on the pics . I wouldnt buy them again .
 I wish I had looked at the earring specifications . I was really surprised to see how really small these hoops were .
 These earrings are very very small . They are also difficult to open and close . Not nearly worth the $ 75 price tag . These are more suitable for a child or young teenager that likes small earrings .
 Purchased these round hoops . Poor clasp on the earrings . Very light weight and when the earring came unhooked I could not tell it had fallen off . The third time this happended -LRB- only the 4th time I wore the earrings -RRB- the earring fell off again and I lost it . So now I only have one earring . I would not recommend this set of earrings based on such a poor clasp . Here I set with one earring and I payed nearly $ 50.00 .
 These earrings are weighted in such a way that they pull down on your lobe and make them look stretched out and droopy . It is the only pair of earrings I have ever owned that have done this . They are sitting on my desk after four attempts to wear them . Find a different pair of gold hoops .
 You do n't specify how large these hoops are , otherwise I would buy them . Are they 1 inch , 2 inch , 1/2 inch ? grams do not tell me anything . Thank you .
 These were typical gold hoops . Small-med and light . One earring was dented . I was not impressed with them . I returned them , but I was really hoping they would be nice so I could keep them . If the dent had n't been in there , I probably WOULD have kept them as the price was n't too bad . I will try again .
 Extremely disappointing . Very poor quality and flimsy . Certainly not worth the money.I most always have luck with Amazon , but not with jewelry .
 WHEN I can get them to align properly and get the catch to &#34; catch . &#34; Unfortunately , the hinges are n't good quality , after less than a month they wo n't click into place without a bunch of effort . Way too much work for a pair of everyday earrings . Would not recommend .
 I have worn these for 4 days , and every day my skin is stained green around the area ! Real gold does NOT do this to me , I am returning the product ASAP .
 I purchased these earrings about 3 years ago . I liked the color of the gold and thought they arrived in good condition . However , I noticed many times that the clasp would come undone such that the earring would fall off . Unfortunately , the last time I did n't catch it and now the earring is lost forever . Beware the sensitive clasp !
 Very disappointed upon receiving my order.The color of the earring does n't match at all.When you order the same item , make sure to check and compare each piece before using.I sent my order back to Amazon .
 I have got this earings a day ago , but was unhappy with them . The clasp is not tight and looks like it is undone so that the earing can easily fell off and you would never notice that and earings are too light . I was so sad to find out that I have lost one of the earings just the next day after I have bought it . They do not worth these money . And I would n't reccomend anybody to buy it , you will be dissapointed if you buy them .
 I am very disappointed in these earrings . The clasp is flimsy so I lost an earring only the second or third time I wore them . What a waste of money . Buyer beware .
 Although the item is itself quite under my expectations that were based on the description and reviews , it would still be acceptable for me if not the REALLY AWFUL condition it has arrived . Namely - both of the earrings are covered with a kind of dirty glue in many places , like if something has been attached to them for very long time , and nobody has cleaned them ever since then . On top of that , many scratches are clearly visible on both earrings , and - what is most striking - ONE OF THE EARRINGS IS APPARENTLY CRUSHED AT ONE PLACE ! I 'm very upset with the negligence Amazon has treated this order . Good thing is that I did not give the box straight away to my wife , but first looked into it . Now need to take them to the goldsmith to at east clean and maybe try to fix the damage ...
 These earrings were a piece of junk . Very flimsy . Saw no indication on them anywhere that they were 14K gold . Made in Dominican Republic !! Should know better than to buy something like this online .
 I rarely write reviews but felt compelled since Duragold has generally good ratings . The earrings were super flimsy to start with . I also had problems with the earrings falling off , the clasp is just a bad design . After less than a year one of the clasps actually broke in half while I was wearing it . It did not get caught on anything , I was just walking and it fell off . Funny how Duragold brags about durability on their website but mentions nothing about warranty . I contacted Amazon customer service so we 'll see if they stand behind their product ...
 I was stunned to see just how small these earrings were/are when I opened the box . I have a very small set of earrings and these were even smaller - they are sized for a newborn who just got their ears pierced for the first time , definitely not for an adult . No way . If you 're a larger woman in height or weight these would just look ridiculous on you . On the positive side the clasp was very stong and the earring had a bit of thicknes to it . But really , a joke in terms of size , especially for the listed price . I would expect to find these in a discount retailer for about half of what they are on amazon . They might be gold , but know what you 're buying in terms of size before you get these . Very very very small . Smaller than a dime .
 I was surprised at how small these are . They look much bigger in the picture . If my memory serves me correctly , they were advertised as 10mm inside dia . I would not have ordered if I knew .
 I got these earring for someone for Christmas and one has already broke . -LRB- just fell out of the ear -RRB- For $ 65 you would think you would get more value for the money .
 I ordered these earrings along with a necklace made by the same company as a Christmas gift for my sister . The earrings looked OK , if a little cheap , but the necklace was a melted piece of junk . One look at the shoddy necklace made me distrust the quality of their earrings as well . More than the earrings themselves , I can not recommend this manufacturer . I sent back both the earrings and necklace . I did n't want this company to have one dime of my money .
 I sent these back immediately . They are horrible quality and cheap . The quality is horrible . Do not waste your money on this product .
 They were tiny - I guess I did n't pay attention to the size description , expected them to be size shown . I returned them .
 These earring are not gold !!! They were gold colored when I first got them but the color has faded to silver . I am extremely disappointed and would not recommend them to anyone .
 I Put 1 star because the option of 0 was n't available . Just opened the box and saw these earrings . They were a gift to my daughter in law , but I 'm so embarrassed by them , I would not even offer as a gift ! Size is very misleading ... very tiny ... something you 'd probably pay $ 5 for at a Target or Walmart . Will be returning very quickly .
 Picture is very misleading . When I opened the box I was very surprised at how small they are . I also would be too embarrassed to give as a gift & will be returning them . They are too expensive for their size . Also , did not get a velvet pouch to keep them as stated .
 i bought this a couple of months ago for my daughter 's birthday . A few of days ago she came home from school with one of them broken . When I asked her what happened she told me that she had taken them out of her ears . When she put them back in , the latch on one of the earrings fell off . What upset me the most was when I went on to Amazon to return the item that cost $ 65 and broke a couple of months after purchase , it said i had missed the deadline for returning it . All in all i do not recommend buying this product .
 The description on this item needs to make it clear that the earrings are extremely small . I thought I was ordering an adult medium size earring . The earrings came and look like they are for a child .
 I keep meaning to return them . Far more small and thin than I imagined from the photo . Flimsy .
 On the computer , the earrings look large enough for an adult female to wear . However , the size of the earrings are for a baby . That 's how tiny they are . I am returning the earrings and you will give me credit on my credit card . I am very disappointed
 While nice in style , the images shown are much smaller than you would think . It would be helpful to have the picture taken along since some measurement piece to give some size perspective .
 after 2 days . These do not seem to last , was under the impression the are durable ... you get what your pay for !
 The pictures made them look bigger than I had envisioned . I returned them . I was hoping to get bigger hoops .
 I ordered two sets of these for a gifts , and when they arrived I was shocked ! These look nothing like the picture , and are nothing short of a piece of thin wire bent in a loop . The are very tiny . I was trying to guess what .59 mm looked like , and my &#34; guesstamation &#34; was totally off . They also look very cheap , with not much shine for 14k white gold . Instead they look like sterling or stainless steel . I 'm still flabbergasted ! I am returning both pair for a refund .
 I think I am going to have to give them to a kid . They are too small for me , unfortunately .
 They were pretty , but I was shocked by how tiny they were . I am a small person , but these were too small even for me . They were a very close to the earlobe fit . They would be perfect for a little girl .
 I actually purchased these in March 2004 and to give some perspective , they are so well made that today they are as good when I first purchased them . I did beat the current price , but at $ 19 , they are still worth it . They are on the smaller side , as other reviews have noted , but they are still perfect for young granddaughters and those of us who prefer smaller hoops.September 1 , 2009 update
 When this item arrived , it was a very small loop ear-ring . Though nice quality , the smallness of the loop caused it to have trouble even fitting over the ear lobe ... very dissappointed and will be returning .
 My mom purchased the Leach and Garner version of these earrings from Amazon last year . One earring was recetly lost so I decided to order another pair from Amazon . I typed Leach and Garner into the Amazon search bar and this pair came up . They were supposedly the same -LRB- althought labeled as Duragold -- Duragold recently acquired Leach and Garner -RRB- and looked so in the picture . The post does not fit in the clasp , so the earrings do not close.The post is also very long and hangs far beyond the end of the clasp ; it looks like the earrings are just malformed . I was very disappointed and they are going back .
 I gave them away as they were very cheap and I would not order jewelry on line again . The only thing i have beeendisappointed with that I ordered online .
 Can anyone post a picture of themselves wearing these earrings?It 's hard to tell just how big they are without the visual perspective.Thanks everyone
 They have been sent back to Amazon for a credit . They had no weight to them and the fastener on one of the earings was so tight that it would have most likely snapped off after a few times . Obviously , they were not inspected prior to sending them out . My lesson learned , is to stick with books , cd 's and dvd 's .
 Gold has a dull finish and were smaller than I thought they would be . If you like loops that are nearly invisible , then you will like these .
 I rated it a 2 because the picture is grossly inaccurate !!! This earring is so small and very appropriate for a little girl . I had to return it . I believe the product is of very good quality however the picture makes it look like its for an adult - when you get the earring - you will be very disappointed . For a girl 6 and under - yes however for an adult - no
 I was very disappointed with the size of these earrings . It did not say they were for small children when I purchased them . Other wise I love Duragold .
 You get what you pay for . It is very cheap , simple , and weak . It is exactly like the picture . To each there own .
 This item is trash . I ordered these for my mother as a Christmas gift . They broke within a week of her wearing them . We replaced them with a new pair and the same thing happened . I will never buy a product like this again .
 I bought these hoop earings as a gift and was so embarresed when my girlfriend opened them . They were cheap , flimsy , and obviously not real gold . DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ! Thank goodness Amazon is so good about handling returns !
 The size of the gold ball itself was nice , but the post is shorter and the backing is smaller than shown . I was using it with an earring jacket and it was extremely hard putting the short post into the small backing .
 I purchased the 14k yellow gold 4mm ball earrings , and one of the balls fell off and was lost within a day .
 Arrived with two different size posts , one too short . Clasp immediately bent out of shape upon attempt to carefully remove it from package . Will send them back , disappointed since sold directly by Amazon .
 I ca n't wear these earrings as the ball studs are hollowed and one of them is collapsed when i got them.Totally waste of money !
 I looked everywhere , but could n't find the missing clasp . Other than that , these earrings are great . The posts are short and the clasps are small so you do n't have to take them out when you sleep .
 The earrings themselves are okay ... not outstanding in quality . However I felt the way they were &#34; clipped &#34; to the tag was very low in presentation . They should have been put through a card of somesort , not clipped to the string of the tag .
 I just received these earrings and they looked great . The only problem is that the post are to thin and none of the backings will stay on ! Even the ones they came with fell right off . I would love to return them , except I live in Canada and the hassle is not worth it . I am very disappointed I would not recommend .
 These are pretty earrings and seem to be good quality , but the ball is so tiny you can barely see it . Perhaps is they were shown with another object for comparison .
 I had these studs for only 12 hours ! The earring backs that came with them were so awful one of my earrings came out and was lost before I even realized it was gone . : -LRB-
 These earrings arrived quickly and are a good size . They are not too big - I am using them for my second hole . The backs on them are a little loose and bend really easily which makes me a bit scared about losing them . I have been wearing them for a few days and they have been ok so far . Overall the earrings are nice but the cheap backs make them only get 4/5 stars from me.UPDATE
 They were so tiny and the back on one fell off in the shower the second day . I got these to replace the ones from Claires from my original piercing but in the end I went back and bought a pair of studs from there . I do not recommend buying this .
 The earrings are smaller than I imagined . I would have liked them a little bit bigger . It is hard to tell that I have them on .
 I wear studs 24 hours a day , every day and usually go 1-2 years before I lose one or a back breaks . I ordered a pair of these and within two weeks one was missing . I chalked it up to bad luck and ordered another pair . This time both backs broke on the same day within 1 week of starting to wear them during normal everyday wear . Low quality product , beware !
 I am editing my review . . The post is too short and the backs are garbage a waste of $ 30 !!!!!! Love Amazon but am very disappointed
 One of the earring backs came with a sticky label on it and it was so hard to get off that it bent the back out of shape . I put on the earrings and not 5 minutes later the back was gone . The backs are so small and fragile that they are not adequate to keep the earrings on . I found another back from a different pair of earrings so I could wear them both but I dont trust them to stay on . I have bought a lot of items from amazon in the past and have been very happy with everything else but would stay away from the jewelry from now on .
 I bouyght it , n they look like old pieace n it is not at all in gold color.i hate it n 25 $ waste
 The picture listed on this page could not be further from what the actual pendant looks like.I asked for this for Christmas , my loving mother , bought it for me , and when she opened it , she knew I would hate it . It looks NOTHING like the picture . The pendant is cheap and flimsy . The gold and silver colorations are not very true to the picture , it barely sparkles or has the same personality as the photo listed on this page . It 's not a terrible necklace , but this is NOT what I was expecting at all . The only thing redeeming about this necklace is the chain it came on . It 's pretty high quality , but it 's also very thin ... so it gets tangled VERY easily without you doing much of anything to it.I will be posting my own images of the pendant in the user submitted photos section , so if you do n't believe me , have a look for yourself and then make up your mind . But ... buyer beware .
 The posts were flimsy and the backs were very small . I purchased a pair from another vendor after returning these to Amazon . I received those today . The posts are more substantial and backs are larger and easier to handle . Cost was approximately $ 10 less .
 for $ 10 these were too good to pass up . First noticed that the gold balls are glued or welded into the stem . . the earring is not all one piece . First time I wore them , lost one because the back slipped off though they were n't tugged or snagged to cause the earring to pop out.This is the second pair I bought ... first set was fine . Seems like the quality of construction may be slipping -LRB- or a different supplier ? -RRB-
 I 've purchased the 3mm , 4mm , 5mm & 6mm sizes . I was happy with all , but not with this 6mm size . These are from a different manufacturer/supplier , Leach and Garner . While they look good , the posts are too short and very slippery , also the backs do n't stay on tight , slipping off very , very easily . I have thin to average ear lobes , but found I could n't wear these without them falling off -LRB- potentially , getting lost -RRB- . Otherwise , they would have been fine . I returned them and would not buy this pair again .
 I was so happy with these earings until I wore them . The backs provided did not lock . I tried them on once , and the backs simply fell off . i managed to save both earings , and tried to find some ohter backings that would hold the earings in . Unfortuantely , this did not work , and the second time I wore them , I lost an earing . Perhaps the posts themselves were somehow wrong ? I do n't know .
 These earrings looked great and I really liked them but in less than a month , the posts broke completely off and the earrings are now completely useless .
 I chose these earrings because of the yellow and white gold combo . They felt quite flimsy when I got them . I do like a lightweight earring , but not a flimsy one . The studs on these are not attached as firmly as I would like . One has already come off . They are however very pretty . The quality was just not what I expected .
 I bought these earrings as a gift for my sister and the first time she wore them the post fell off . I felt like the biggest loser . When I contacted Amazon , they said that because it was over 2 months that I had bought the earrings I could n't return them . What a rip off . These earrings do n't even deserve 1 star .
 When I opened the package and inspected the posts , I noticed that one post was already falling off . They are very cute earrings but not made of high quality . I guess you get what you pay for .
 Very poor quaility , dark and cloudy . VERY disappointed . Not worth five cents in my opinion .
 I purchased an item from them which shipped late . When it arrived it was not as advertised . you could not even see the diamonds to the naked eye . It was also much smaller than advertised . When I went to return it they charged me a $ 18 restocking fee which is contrary to their money back guarantee . Do n't believe or trust them . My CC company returned the difference because they found szul in the wrong . Do n't be fooled . Be warned instead .
 I agree ... they are very dark and cloudy . Also , one of the earring 's back just slides right off . They were really small too . I guess they might be worth the price ... too bad I bought them when they were $ 99 .
 These earrings are very pretty , but the post is WAY TOO THICK . They killed my ears and I had to return them . I would guess the post is at least 2.5 times as thick as a normal post , and my ears did not like it !!!
 I was very disappointed in these earrings . They were only about the size of a nickel , and for $ 50 I expected them to be as large as earrings I have found from several other merchants for the same price . If you are looking for average size hoops -- say the size of a quarter -- these are NOT the earrings for you . I can only imagine how tiny the $ 30 pair is .
 The actual prong that goes into your ear is not round but flat and oddly shaped , so whenever I put these earring in they hurt my ears . So I 've only been able to wear them twice and the second time I had to take them out because they became so painful .
 These earrings were very uncomfortable . I 'm not sure if it 's actually the size of the post so much as the shape and angle -- more like an angled bar than a round post . I do n't have particularly sensitive ears , although I generally do n't wear large or heavy jewelry , either . These earrings are on their way back to Amazon.I also was n't thrilled to see how much the price has varied . When I ordered -- 4/6/07 -- they were $ 34.99 . Some reviewers bought them for less , yet the current price seems to be even more.Caveat Emptor
 All I wanted was a pair of hoop earring , yellow or white gold . I 've worn this style as every day earrings for years and managed to lose one . These looked perfect and in spite of the outrageous increase of the price of gold , I decided to order them . The size was exactly as described and would have indeed been perfect except for the following
 Perhaps , my expectations of $ 140.00 pair of earrings are too high . I love the look of these earrings and dropped some not-so-subtle hints to my husband that they would make a great Mother 's Day gift . He picked up on the hints and presented me with the earrings this morning . I was pleased to see them sitting pretty in the box . Then , I took them out and I immediately told him they would have to go back . As another review mentioned , they must be hollow -LRB- or plastic ? -RRB- . My first reaction was that he was ripped off because the earrings really do feel like they are plastic . I told him to feel them -LRB- without expressing my concerns about the authenticity of the gold -RRB- and he immediately said they felt like plastic too . I have n't even bothered to try them on because they feel far more cheap than what I expect for this price . I 'm not sure it matters , but there is no karat marking on the earrings either . I know that does n't mean they are definitely fake , but the absence of the marking certainly adds to my reservations .
 I purchased this sterling silver unique bracelet for my daughter in law and gave it to her this year for Christmas . When she put it on it cracked in 2 places on the edge and also cracked in the middle . It is very light and very thin metal and can not be fixed due to a non tarnish coating used ... so I am out $ 99.00 . My fault though since I put it away as a present and it did not have any defects until she CAREFULLY PUT IT ON HER AVERAGE SIZE WRIST -LRB- the sizes stated on the product -RRB- . It is just too fine a wire to be used in a bracelet . I also had the jeweler weigh the silver and it is 14.2 not approx . 18.3 as stated on product description .
 The wire on one of the earrings broke the second time that I wore them . I can put it back on , but it repeatedly breaks . If it comes off while I am wearing the earrings , I will lose the whole earring . The pair cost $ 59 , and I expected better quality .
 I really loved these earrings when I first got them . I wore them probably at least three times a week for the last year.Pros : * Not overly expensive * Nice size * Pretty -LRB- initially -RRB- Cons : * Clasp comes undone very easily , have almost lost them many times * Pretty thin , could easily bend or dent * Only lasted a year before the gold plating started to wear offThe earrings still do n't look too bad from the front , but in the back , where they rub against my skin , the gold plating has worn away exposing the base metal underneath . I expected better for the price ... I 've only had them a little over a year.I am extremely dissappointed in the quality of these earrings . I have a smaller pair of white gold hoops that I alternate with these that I 've had for well over 10 years , and have had no problems with them .
 These are beautiful and the perfect size for me . I wore them for a month and then lost one . I would imagine that is a reflection of the earring because I was just walking around . If I had worn it during sports or something rough I would expect that to happen but not when I am just sightseeing . I am severely disappointed since they are a bit pricey and I wanted them to last for a long time and thus made the investment into white gold .
 Earrings were very lightweight , hollow , and the hoops were very thin . Not good quality , I could have done better at WalMart . I expected a lot better from Amazon.com , especially for $ 50 .
 I purchased this necklace for my daughter for Christmas . It came completely tangled up . It took me a good 30 minutes to untangle it and it still has a small knot in it that I ca n't get out . It is super tiny . The picture is really deceiving . It looks like a little kid 's necklace . Not worth the money .
 When I received this necklace I could not believe it was in a plastic bag . After opening it the problem became quite clear . It was TIED in knots . I ca n't believe this was done in shipping . Someone had to tie it to get such a mess . It took me 1 hour , my son an additional hour , then my nephew a half an hour to finally untie it . After all that you 'll see that when the other reviewers say `` Dainty '' they really mean small . The picture is really deceiving . I think this is going for $ 65 now . I paid $ 44 before Christmas on a Gold box deal . Was n't worth the $ 44 .
 purchased this necklace for my girlfriend for $ 45 from amazon , so do not pay more . You may not want to pay less . Very cheaply made and extremely small . The picture does not do it justice . It came completely tangled up and took a good half hour to untangle . It is super tiny not worth the money .
 The earrings are nice & a great value at $ 30 . However , the posts are too thick for my liking and make my ears sore . The posts are not the typical size one might find in US stores . The posts are more typical of earrings that I have purchased in Central & Southern America ; in fact , this is where the earrings were made . I returned them .
 Unless your piercings are stretched from wearing heavy earrings , you may find these wide , flat posts too thick to pass through your ear lobes ! One of my lobes had a pierced hole too small , although I have no problem wearing other earrings and studs . With my other ear , the earring post went through with no problem , however , it was heavy enough to give the hole a slit look . The earrings were well made , felt solid , not hollow and the price was good , but , they were not designed for me and were returned .
 Disappointed in the size and thickness of the earrings though its probably my fault since the description is accurate . I was hoping they 'd be bigger
 I just find the posts to be thicker than I would like for my small earlobes and holes . Otherwise , they are of wonderful quality and arrived exactly as promised .
 These earrings are lovely , obviously good quality , but they have an odd design on the post that made them painful to wear for me . The post widens near the hinge , so it stretches the ear hole . I had to return them . With a different post , I would recommend them . As they are , I would not them at all .
 I ordered these hoop earrings for a christmas present . The post opening is extremely narrow and one would have to have very skinny ear lobes to feel comfortable . This opening of the earring should be listed in the description . I would n't have purchased these and would n't be out my return shipping . There is no room for a proper reason for return of the item and it 's grouped into not wanting the item .
 I bought these for my wife for Christmas 2005 . By August 2006 one of them fell apart . The gold loop is attached to the white gold loop by a very tiny and fragile weld , which broke . It was not due to any abnormally rough handling . It would have cost $ 50.00 to have repaired . Now they 're throw-aways .
 these looked great online and when I received them , but the wires are too short if your lobes are thick . They piinch when closing them .
 I bought these earrings because I get allergic with all kind of materials , but 14k gold . I just can use 14k gold or more , and when I was wearing these earrings my ears started to itch . So definitely they are not genuine , and I agree with the before comments . They dont worth it , they are not genuine . They are beautiful , but not genuine .
 I purchased these earrings and was pleased with how they looked but I ca n't wear them they are so heavy . They really hurt my ears , really a waste of money , I have other hoop earrings and have never had this problem before .
 I could n't lock the clasp by myself and once locked they hurt my ears . I could n't keep them on for 5 minutes . Not suited for my ears . I 've not had this problem with other ear rings .
 14k Yellow and White Gold Crossover Hoop Earringsverry nice looking scratch marks on one earring will not buy no more jewery on line.will be trashed
 The earrings looks better in pictures . When you hold it , they feel very light and cheap , like accessories . One earring keeps falling from my wife 's ear . The lock mechanism keeps on unlocking .
 these are cheap , costume jewelry type of earings . They have a made in Dominian republic tag on them . Box opened and immediately sent back for refund . Not a chance these are $ 600 ear rings .
 These earrings feel like plastic , , there is no 14k stamp anywhere . I really feel like I have been ripped off , for the first time on Amazon and I have been a customer for many years . . I will be returning these earrings , do not buy them !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 11
 Do n't be fooled by the ridiculous description of Duragold . These earrings are made of a rare substance commonly referred to as plastic . I am reminded of an old Bob Newhart routine where he referred to `` Diamacron '' , the lustrous stones nearly as rare as glass . I bought these earrings for my wife for Christmas but there was no way I would give them to her . They are cheap in appearance and the lack of weight is a dead giveaway that there is no precious metal anywhere in these things . In any event , I ca n't comment on what the other reviewers are saying but I would n't give $ 1 -LRB- literally -RRB- for these , let alone $ 199 . Caveat emptor .
 Got the earrings last week and promptly returned them . Weight is very light contrary to what the other reviewers said and it looks and feels like it is worth $ 50 , not $ 600 or even $ 199 .
 I have purchased the jewelry before and I was very disappointed with the overall quality and appearance . This jewelry looks cheap and the quality is very poor . I would definitely suggest you not get this ring . In fact , I ordered the ring and gave them to my granddaughter .
 The ring is nice , but apparently it is not made of jade rock . It shattered after being accidentally dropped from a sink onto the ground .
 it was beautiful when I received . but when I wear first day it broken , that was very dispointed .
 Necklace was damaged and of very low quality . Seems like there is no quality control in the manufacturer . Visible inperfections . Necklace should not have shipped like that .
 The chain weigh 1.5 grams from website description . When I received and used an accurate gram weight scale to check the chain weigh , it is only 0.9 g. INCREDIBLE !!!
 I bought this item expecting it was white gold , as it appeared to be in the picture . However , it is yellow gold , which I do not wear . I will try to regift this .
 The necklace is MUCH smaller than I anticipated but still very cute . I should have paid more attention to the dimensions because it does n't seem worth what I paid now that I have seen it in person . The chain is very delicate and is n't strong enough for daily wear . I 'd recommend getting a strong chain if you plan on wearing this for more than special occasions .
 This item is way to small about the size of a nickel . I bought it for my wife and she returned it .
 I wound up returning this item the same day it arrived . I was buying it for myself because it looked so cute . Yeah it is - if you 're about 14 years old . It is way too small for an adult . The detail is nice , but good luck seeing any diamonds unless you 're planning on also wearing a jeweler 's glass along with it .
 Its very small in size and very fragil and the tail part gets snugged on things .
 Is devilish but very , very small . Should have paid more attention to size . Chain useless . Not worth the money .
 This product is too small , if christmas wasnt just around the corner it would have got sent back . I dont sugguest you get it , especially for $ 70 dollars
 I was not happy with the Gold Heart Devil Diamond Pendant because the pendant -LRB- as you can see in the picture -RRB- was not centered with the chain . If Amazon would purchase a different one that looked better than I would purchase it again . Thanks Monya
 If you are wondering why some reviews say that the items received do not match the picture , please check out BlueNile 's website . Look under 2 CT tennis diamond bracelets , and the image this company posted is copied and pasted directly from their website ! How can they not even afford to take digital photos of their own products ? Sounds fishy to me !
 ordered this for my mother in law 's 100th birthday.what a disappointment.so small you need a magnify glass to see it.the chain is a fine very delicate chain which will knot easily.i do n't see it holding up.very disappointed .
 I could not wait to get this , but when it came the chain was so tangled in a bag it came in it took ten minutes to fix it , I would not even bothered to untangle the chain if I had looked at the ruby first , there was a big chip on the top of the heart . I had the thing wrapped and ready to ship back in 5 minutes , I was so mad . I will never buy any jewelry again online .
 Big different than photoIt 's look very nice in photoBut in real very small !!! You need microscope to see it
 i never received the 30 '' chain i purchased i contacted the seller and they never responded until i filed a bad report then they gave me some number to track down the product . I will never buy from then ever ! i should have gone on EBAY i never get screwed there !!!!
 The head of the duck is gigantic , and its cheap plastic . Really cheap . * no pun intended * . . I thought this was cute when I saw it online , but once you receive it you realize what a waste of money it was . Wouldnt ever buy again .
 This rosary is very detailed nice gold color that is attractive . Now the down size is that it is so small and thin and 17 lengh around the neck will choke you and makes so short it looks like it belongs only to a small child.If i payed more attention i would not have bought this product is so tight around the so hope you have a skinny neck ...
 I bought this product several years ago from their website . I try and use it but everytime I do it causes me to feel out of it . Maybe it works for some people , but for some reason it causes my thinking to become more foggy than clear ???
 Tried the product for 90 days , felt no difference . Asked to return bracelet , company rep talked me into to trying it for 30 more days . Still no diffrence . Sent bracelet back almost 2 months ago and still no credit . Always the usual answer . Credit will be issued shortly . I would stay away from Q-Link .
 I was very disappointed with this product . It looked cheap . The metal was so thin it looked like it would fall to peices the moment you touched it . The garnet stones looked pink instead of a red . They were very small in size . I sent them back as soon as I opened the package .
 I was pretty sure I 'm a size 10 so I ordered a 10 . I knew that based on another ring I have and also from measuring my finger using a chart.Well what I have here is about a size 13 . It 's huge . Way too big . Way off = -LRB- The ring is really pretty and really my style . Which only makes me more sad.There is a fee for exchanges . Boo . Maybe buying rings online just is n't a good idea .
 This ring is just okay . I do n't like that it is adjustable . Why is it listed by size if it is adjustable . I never would have ordered it . Not only do I think adjustable rings are uncomfortable , they also look cheap . The face is okay , but not nearly as nice as I expected . I bought this when it was on sale and am still sending it back .
 I ordered this ring because I enjoy silver jewelry . Well the ring is filmsy and not very strong . They asked for a size and the ring is an adjustable band , yuk . The stone though pretty looks like plastic , buyer beware I guess . It 's the first time I have been disappointed in a purchase from Amazon .
 I think the title says it all . These are little better than toys , and I do not expect them to last more than one or two uses .
 I purchased this item for my sister-in-law 's birthday . She picked the ring out herself . She has had it for about 6 months now . It has begun turning her finger green . I think the manufacturer needs to do a better job of coating the ring with silver .
 I am still waiting for my item and that means that something is wrong . I have received anything elsethat I ordered that day . THis is disappointing . I revise this review now that I have received the pendant andeverything is fine .
 I was told that the wide of this ring was 3/8 '' and was 1/4 '' I realize about that until I received it . I did n't get what I wanted . The ring its ok .
 I was very disapointed with my pendant . It looks better in the picture than real life . It might be a good gift for a little girl , but it 's cheaply made and looks like it was stamped out in a press . I guess I was expecting better quality , but you get what you pay for . I gave mine away as a gift .
 this product seemed like it was done in a home garage . . it 's not as advertised . if you were this product people will think that you made this in your own home .
 I gave one star only because I have to put something in , I do n't have any product to review just the process that was ridiculous . I ordered a pair of earrings , which when they arrived were completly different than what I ordered . I emailed and got no response for three days . So I sent the earrings back with a picture of the earrings that I had ordered . Finally someone got back to me in the mean time and said they would look into it . After a week , I wrote again stating that I had n't heard anything and wanted to know what was going on . The reply was that if the earrings were in stock they would be sent to me and if not my credit card would be refunded . After a few days , I got an email from the same person stating that my earring would be shipped that day . A little over a week later , I got an email stating that my credit card has been reimbursed . Lovely , but I have no earrings -LRB- which were supposed to be a gift -RRB- and it is almost a month later .
 while its adorable in theory , the design of this ring leaves something to be desired.i got it to replace another screw that i had , thinking that a white-gold star would be much classier than an ex-cz-sporting prong on my nose . when i put it on however , the screw sticks out of my nostril making for a really questionable and tacky silver `` booger '' situation.i would recommend this screw for someone who is pierced a little closer to the middle of the nose than the edge so more room is left to hide the back of the screw . otherwise consider yourself warned , and please give me credit for starting the whole `` ambiguous silver booger '' trend .
 This baptism bracelet was a sad disappointment for me . I know that it came from a vendor other than Amazon , however , the picture depicted is not what I received . The bracelet was not attached to the lovely note card as shown , which I dearly wanted as a keepsake . Also , the bracelet itself is actually sized for a baby . Not a girl . Very disappointed . Will be returning it .
 This product was hollow , which was not clearly specified in the item description . It was not what I was expecting and seemed to be poor quality . I returned the item .
 Was disappointed in the size of the cross -LRB- and chain -RRB- . Product size was listed as 3.2 x 2.6 x 1.5 inches -- but this is the size of the box , therefore it is very hard to judge how large it is .
 This item is pretty but very small . I purchased it for my 8 year old daughter , but I feel it would be too small for me to wear . There are diamonds , but they are barely visible .
 For the price , the cross is very nice but the chain is much too thin . Will need to replace chain because it is too difficult to take on and off . Also , scared that chain will break and I will lose cross .
 I was very disapointed in this item . Take a closer look at the picture on here you will see that even in this picture the links are not closed up . They were not on the 2 necklaces I ordered either . This thing falls apart , it is extremely dusty and the cubes are so pitted . The sides of the cubes are horrible too , not at all even looking . I would n't buy this again and sure would be returing the two I bought if I had time to order a new Christmas present .
 The chain is very cheap , and mine came all dirty , tarnished and just yucky . The pendant is beautiful , but also very tarnished .
 this pendant is hollow - looks and feels cheap to me . Picture is misleading . In a side view you could see that it 's actually pretty thick - but since it 's hollow inside it 's not very heavy.On a side note , I actually ordered it twice - first order never arrived -LRB- probably because I was deployed to Iraq and the APO system does sometimes lose things -RRB- so when I got back Stateside I re-ordered it and sent the seller a message saying that the first order never arrived . 2 weeks later and I still have not heard back from them . Then when the second order arrived , I was pretty disappointed to have gone through so much trouble for what turned out to be a dinky little necklace with a cheap chain .
 I loved the talisman but the one big problem was that the chain turns the skin GREEN !!!!!!!
 dont get me wrong , this is a nice item . BUT the chain is CHEAP and turns your neck GREEN after a few days . The picture itself is starting to wear off after about 3 weeks . The ONLY time I wear it is during the day and I DONT wear it in the shower . The back of it is wearing off a lot.again , this is cool . BUT NOT WORTH the money you pay for it at all . May if it was half the price it would be ok . BUT DONT ship with the cheap chain .
 The item was as described , but has nobody else noticed that there 's the symbol of Venus above the caduceus , not the symbol of Mercury ? It throws the pendant off .
 I thought this would be a cute gift for my admin . assistant for her birthday - something to give her luck and centering , as she is a big believer in talismans and such . I was disappointed in the quality of the piece . It seems a bit rough around the edges . The chain on which the pendant hangs looks like something you would win on the Boardwalk , chunky but not too sturdy . It has n't broken yet , but I did feel a little uneasy giving it as a gift . I buy a lot of jewelry on Amazon and always am pleased with the quality . In this case , I would think twice - no , I would n't buy again .
 Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up . I called Customer Service , Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days . Well , it has been a week and I still have n't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K -LRB- because we were desperate . Our wedding is the following week ! -RRB- My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart . We have to pay $ 12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again ... they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon ! You had lost a valuable customer .
 I am very disappointed with this ring . It is very pretty , but once you take the string off it falls apart and there are no instructions to put it back together . My husband and I have been trying to put it back together based on the picture of the ring on this website and have had NO luck . Now all I have is a pile of silver rings that I can not wear . If anyone knows how to put this back together , please post how ! Thanks .
 The ring itself was pretty and sturdy , but beware what size you order because despite using a sizing chart , the actual puzzle rings never come in the right size . I wasted a lot of time and money trying to get the right size because the customer service was really slow and unhelpful . Unlike some better puzzle ring websites I 've seen , this one did n't offer any guides or suggestions for choosing the correct ring size .
 My husband , neighbor and myself spent the entire night trying to solve the puzzle and could n't and tarnished what was a beautiful ring when it arrived . We can not solve the puzzle so it was a waste of money .
 it tarnished on the first day and broke on the third day . It is in the trash where it belongs
 I bought three of these rings for my sisters and I , and only one of them is in tact ! I have only had these for three days . They fall apart really easily and are impossible to put back together . Save your money and your sanity ... if puzzle is in the title its probably not a good idea .
 It was nice and in good shape . Not as large as I felt it should have been according to the picture advertised . The chain was a very thin and I would say cheapened the product . The delivery was prompt and I suppose I got what I paid for .
 At first glance I 'd give this 4 Stars , and the chain was very nice too . All in all it is a lovely piece but all that goes for naught if it isnt durable enough to be worn . My Girl friend wore hers for a matter of days and the chain separated from the pendant -LRB- no , the chain did not snap , the ring thats attached to the pendant actualy came apart , almost like it was n't `` soldered '' on properly . Either way , I ca n't imagine how to fix it myself and with no where to attach a chain on the one side , its basicly usless . Thus , 2 stars .
 Generally when items are enlarged for viewing details , websites indicate it . The topaz stone was extremely small and I did n't feel comfortable giving it as the pressent I originally purchased it for .
 I bought this for a friend and already she is noticing how the coating of the ring is falling off , losing its bright silver coating . very poorly made
 Both parts are not symmetrical and locking mechanism is rudimentary , the shipping believe me was not prompt .
 The pearls had no luster , more uniform black . I have black glass bead earrings , these looked just like them . Do not let the picture fool you . I had filled out the return form within a few minutes of opening the box . Very disappointed .
 Appeared to be very nice on arrival . But the fell apart after wearing them only twice . Would not buy again .
 My husband and I are very disappointed with this item . It is very uncomfortable to wear , not the size we expected or the color green . We want to return this item . How do we go about it ?
 These are nice amethyst earrings , nice purple color . However I 'm returning them because they 're too big for my ears . The basket setting makes them stick out too much . The setting is not very pretty . The gems are set very low into the basket .
 this item looks so much more beautiful in pictures . in reality , the stones are teeny-tiny and in a flimsy looking setting . moreover , the gems are lack-luster even when new , so i would expect the `` shine '' to be non-existent after only a few wearings . i returned this item as soon as i received it , so disappointed was i. . . its a pity because its my birthstone , but i guess you get what you pay for .
 I was really disappointed with these earrings . The flat surface on the earrings are different sizes so they do n't look right when you wear them . One area is large and the other one is small . The color is nice . I am probably going to return them .
 I wore these earrings for one day and the back was so loose on the earring that it was lost . I would not recommend this product .
 The color of these earrings was gorgeous and they were quite sparkly . However , they were NOT 6mm in diameter , and they were different sizes . They were each closer to 5mm , but one was larger than the other . Needless to say , I have sent them back .
 I purchased these based on the reviews and description , but was so disappointed . The settings were fine , but the stones are very light-colored , very clouded and have very visible flaws . They look much more like Jade , not emeralds . I have ordered other similar items from Amazon and have been pleased , but not with these . I really wanted a pair this size , but will be sending these back . Hope you have better luck !
 Not great . Returned these because they were an odd color and very tiny . Have been very happy with other earring purchases from amazon so tried these , but definitely not worth the price . -LRB- really do n't look like emeralds ! -RRB-
 the prong is soo thin . its ok i dont really like it , i wont recommend it to others tho , , , it look cheap also ...
 Ordered this to be delivered by Christmas . However , they decided to ship it postal ground . I have no idea why . They did refund the additional shipping charge . But I will never use this vendor again if I need anything sooner than '10 working days ' which is what my estimated delivery time is now . On top of that they did n't even ship it until after Christmas.I was n't notified of this until I contacted them to get shipping information . Only then did they tell me they screwed up . I should 've looked at their feedback comments before I ordered from them . It appears that I 'm not the only one experiencing these issues.Thanks for screwing up Christmas , Pugster . At least now I know to no longer deal with you and I will advise the same to my friends and family.Edit ; just received this today . I 'm not sure what it is they sent me , but it 's nothing like what I ordered . I ordered a brooch and what they 've sent me is some sort of tiny multicolored hoop . Contacting them now to see if I can get a refund.If I was n't convinced before that these guys are n't professional and are a tragedy waiting to happen , I no longer have any such doubts . I 'm just hoping that they can manage a refund correctly .
 These bracelets were pretty online , and pretty in their box , but the clasps are cheap and every single one broke on the first or second use . They were a gift and by the time I found that out it was beyond too late to try and return them . Save your money , admire the pictures and spend your dollars on something else .
 Do n't order from this company ! The picture here , as you can clearly see , is that of a brooch . Order it , and guess what shows up
 The pin itself appears to be in pretty good condition for a cheap price . However , the pin is Made in China . I thought it was Made in USA because the company is in Colorado , but I was wrong and I am not happy about it .
 I purchased this for my wife , she seems to be happy with it but I am disappointed . The Silver looks like its plastic and the jade isnt far off . I am not a jewlery expert so maybe I am wrong but I dont like it .
 Give it to your wife/girlfriend , and then just forget about anything while she tries to untangle it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Really , back here in 10 minutes . She 's still working on it . It came in a little sack and is a jumbled mess . Read the other review . It 's little.You 'd be nuts to order this . Wish I could give it -6 . Glad I did n't wait till Christmas.Well , it 's another half-hour . She 's still at it , and wo n't let me send it back . My first apprehensive shot at ordering jewelry from Amazon , I will never again.This just in
 When I first received this ring it was beautiful . It stayed shiny for about a month . Now 3 months later , is covered in scratches and no longer shiny . I ended up buying a sterling silver ring for much less money , and it is still scratch free after a month of wear . I was under the impression that 10k gold would not scratch as easily as 14k or 18k . Guess not . I would not recommend this ring , especially for the expense .
 It is pretty but not for me . It did n't do anything for me when I put it on . I returned it .
 The necklace appeared luminous and colorful in the picture . It did not look as colorful as I thought it would be . The beads are strung very tightly on the necklace which distorts the shape . The necklace does n't lay flat and smooth against my neck . I have purchased several items from this seller and this is the first time I have been disappointed .
 I purchased a pair of these earrings to be used as a stocking stuffer for my daughter on Xmas . I thought that they looked very beautiful in the stock picture and the positive feedback they had received from the first reviewer made me think that they would be just like the picture . I was wrong ! The pearls I received on both earrings are NOT Round or Oval for that matter . Both pearls look like a two piece snowman . The pearls are eggplant shaped and have a crease/groove running around them about 2/5 the way down from the top of them . Look at my uploaded photos to see for yourself . I 'm sending these back right away . Luckily they did n't cost much so I wo n't have to be out a lot of money while waiting for the refund credit !
 I completely agree with the person who said the pearls are snowman-shaped and have a large ugly groove in them . And the grossly malformed pearl was attached to the peridot chips at a crooked angle , so they do n't even hang right.Ugly , ugly , ugly .
 These poor little earrings ! A sprinkle of peridot chips atop what could have been a singularly lovely teardrop-shaped pearl - if it did n't have a groove that goes around it , smack dab in the middle ! Did someone have to use forceps when they harvested these ? It would cost more for me to send them back than to keep them - I would n't even give these away as a gift -LRB- not to someone I actually liked , at least -RRB- .
 I would rate these as zero if it was possible . They do n't even deserve 1 star . They look nothing like the great picture shown on Amazon . I did n't know pearls could be so misshapened and ugly .
 I ordered this smokey quartz pendant because I had been looking for one for a while and waited a long time for it to arrive . List price
 I have to return this item . It 's not sparkle as it looks like in the picture .
 I really do n't feel it was worth it to buy it . It 's tiny , looks of poor quality and has turned a portion of my finger black . Hence which makes me doubt its worth .
 The study done on this product has concluded that all `` effects '' of pain reduction are caused by the placebo effect , making it identical to a sugar pill . The group of people given the real bracelet reported the same results as the group given fakes.If you were thinking about getting this product , be happy.You can save lots of money by not getting this bracelet , and have the same benifits using anything else!If you want it for style , think about the company you are supporting . It has lied to millions .
 I thought this was beautiful so I ordered it . I did n't read the specifications , so when it arrived I said , `` That 's IT ?! '' It was too small !! It was a better size for earrings . The picture is very misleading . Too bad it 's so small it 's beautiful but I 'm returning it because it will look ridiculous . Someone will have to be in your face to get a good look at it !
 The study done on this product has concluded that all `` effects '' of pain reduction are caused by the placebo effect , making it identical to a sugar pill . The group of people given the real bracelet reported the same results as the group given fakes.If you were thinking about getting this product , be happy.You can save lots of money by not getting this bracelet , and have the same benifits using anything else!If you want it for style , think about the company you are supporting . It has lied to millions .
 The peridot in the center is yellow color rather than green . . it really looks more like five dollar costume jewelery than something worth spending $ 34 on . Total rip off , do n't buy it .
 Center stone looks yellow , pink stones look faded , colors are not as shown in picture . stones do have a nice shine to them even though the colors look faded
 The diamonds on this ring were way too small ... I got a similar ring at Zales for the same amount , and the diamonds were larger and more brilliant .
 Sterling silver stick drops are flimsy and bent out of shape immediately . I know they were inexpensive , but really ...
 these are definitely tiny and not substantial at all . I didnt feel they were worth the money ,
 I placed a lot of orders with Netaya during their recent sale . After not receiving any notification that my items had shipped I called them up to find out why . Netaya decided to cancel my orders because they had second thoughts about their sale . And they charged my card ! Now I have to wait and see if they will give me my money back . What reputable company behaves in this manner ?
 This bracelet is very cute in person , but straight out of the package , there were some dents and scratches . I wore the bracelet only a few times and now there are several major scratches that reveal dark metal underneath . This is a nice piece of ` junk jewelry ' and nothing more . I would not buy this as a gift for someone , as the top coat of metal will likely chip away the first few times they wear it .
 My wife loves elephants so I bought for her and she loved it . 2 days after it arrived the chain broke . A cheerful refund was given ... ahhh , what do you expect for 20 bucks ?
 Here is an example of the deception of photos on the net . The smallest photo they showed of these earings was 4x larger than the actual product !! We had to put them on our 9 month old grandaughter , and even then they still appeared tiny on her baby ears !! Rip off , never buy jewlery from amazon again !!
 These earrings do n't have much sparkle and look a little on the ` cheap ' side . Very disappointed in them - they were returned .
 When the ring arrived it was not all the nice salmon/peach coral color you see on the picture . It was bright red and I returned it immediately .
 When the ring arrived it was not all the nice salmon/peach coral color you see on the picture . It was bright red and I returned it immediately .
 When the ring arrived it was not all the nice salmon/peach coral color you see on the picture . It was bright red and I returned it immediately .
 When the ring arrived it was not all the nice salmon/peach coral color you see on the picture . It was bright red and I returned it immediately .
 When the ring arrived it was not all the nice salmon/peach coral color you see on the picture . It was bright red and I returned it immediately .
 I ordered a Calliope Muse necklace and got a tiny MAN . Most likely Hercules . Well , yes , we all love Herc , but I wanted Calliope . I should have looked more closely at the picture and the reviews . It 's far more hassle to return it and hunt down a new one than it is to just keep it and pass it along as a gift . If it were labeled correctly ? GREAT gift . But useless to me now , other than a gift .
 It stuck out of my belly button a lot and the top ball broke the first time I cleaned it .
 Waaay too small for my charm bracelet . Seems too small for a necklace unless you are looking for delicate . Returned the item . Guess I 'll need to wait for gold prices to come down : -RRB-
 The photo of the pearls is totally misleading.Kind of round on one side and flat , knarly and dull on the other.Would be an embarassment to wear .
 Item was of good quality but much too small for my taste . I think more size description should be given .
 I do n't think that this ring is truly sterling silver . Maybe its just plated . After wearing mine for a little over month , it began to tarnish . I thought that was normal and that it just needed cleaning until a week later when the silver had rubbed off and exposed a white colored metal . I was so disappointed because I really like the look of this ring and I got lots of compliments on it . Mind you , this only happened with the actual band of the ring . The crown has n't turned color at all . I 'm in the market for another crown ring but I 'm still wearing this one in the meantime .
 I do n't think that this ring is truly sterling silver . Maybe its just plated . After wearing mine for a little over month , it began to tarnish . I thought that was normal and that it just needed cleaning until a week later when the silver had rubbed off and exposed a white colored metal . I was so disappointed because I really like the look of this ring and I got lots of compliments on it . Mind you , this only happened with the actual band of the ring . The crown has n't turned color at all . I 'm in the market for another crown ring but I 'm still wearing this one in the meantime .
 My boyfriend bought me this ring for my birthday and I thought it was beautiful . Wore it the next day to work and noticed one of the pearls had fallen out . We notified the seller , who promptly sent us an envelope to send it back for another one . Thought everything was fine , but just the other day I saw another pearl was missing . So the first ring did n't last a day and the second lasted about a month before a pearl fell out . It 's an absolutely beautiful ring , but I 'm not sure it 's worth the effort to keep sending back for a new one .
 The ring is very beautiful but one of the pearls dropped of within a day of wearing it . I wish I had paid heed to the other reviews .
 Within a few days of wearing it 2 pearls had fallen out of the ring . It 's lovely but unfortunately not made well . I returned it .
 when I received the ring it was already bended a little I tried bending it back but it wouldnt bend back to a perfect circle , very cheap you shouldnt have to deal with poor quality like this if you try bending it over and over it will eventually break and the repairs are way more expensive than the actual ring ... Dont recomend it at all
 I was excited to find this ring on Amazon , I loved the design and it had good reviews . When I received it , I was not happy . It looks like one of those cheap jewelry pieces you get out of a 25 cent crane machine . The silver bends very easily , and the center piece of the ring does not sit on my finger straight . Not worth the return , I just have to cut my losses . Not worth this price at all !!
 I was very excited to see such a beautiful ring at such a low price . But my excitement soon faded to disappointment when I recieved my ring . Although it is very well made , the width of the ring just dose n't cover my finger . It leaves the sides of my finger revealed which was not what I was looking for . The ring looks bigger in picture than it did in reality . I hope you will take my warning seariously and not fall for this ring like I did .
 Could not untangle the chain . Everthing was stuck together had to return . Do not order this looked cheap and nasty
 I bought this ring for my girlfriend about 3 months before I gave it to her -LRB- I wanted to snatch it up before it went out of stock again -RRB- . Literally one month into wearing it and the pearls just kept falling out one by one . The ring did n't come into contact with any abrasive chemicals or soaps nor did she accidentally bang the ring on anything or drop it . After one month of use , the pearls just fell out . I contacted Dahlia and they did not contact me back . The ring has a 90 day exchange warranty . For the price , the warranty needs to be a lot longer . I will not buy from Dahlia again due to their shoddy jewelry and their even shoddier -LRB- lack of -RRB- customer service .
 The first night that I used them were green . I returned them and these was more expensive the return what the product price
 Though this ring is nice to look at ... it did not hold up . The ring broke into three pieces on the second day . My son simply went to put the ring on . He had not dropped it or hit it in anyway . Could be that is was defective on arrival , but when you have to pay for shipping , it can get costly .
 I do n't think that this ring is truly sterling silver . Maybe its just plated . After wearing mine for a little over month , it began to tarnish . I thought that was normal and that it just needed cleaning until a week later when the silver had rubbed off and exposed a white colored metal . I was so disappointed because I really like the look of this ring and I got lots of compliments on it . Mind you , this only happened with the actual band of the ring . The crown has n't turned color at all . I 'm in the market for another crown ring but I 'm still wearing this one in the meantime .
 I do n't think that this ring is truly sterling silver . Maybe its just plated . After wearing mine for a little over month , it began to tarnish . I thought that was normal and that it just needed cleaning until a week later when the silver had rubbed off and exposed a white colored metal . I was so disappointed because I really like the look of this ring and I got lots of compliments on it . Mind you , this only happened with the actual band of the ring . The crown has n't turned color at all . I 'm in the market for another crown ring but I 'm still wearing this one in the meantime .
 I do n't think that this ring is truly sterling silver . Maybe its just plated . After wearing mine for a little over month , it began to tarnish . I thought that was normal and that it just needed cleaning until a week later when the silver had rubbed off and exposed a white colored metal . I was so disappointed because I really like the look of this ring and I got lots of compliments on it . Mind you , this only happened with the actual band of the ring . The crown has n't turned color at all . I 'm in the market for another crown ring but I 'm still wearing this one in the meantime .
 I do n't think that this ring is truly sterling silver . Maybe its just plated . After wearing mine for a little over month , it began to tarnish . I thought that was normal and that it just needed cleaning until a week later when the silver had rubbed off and exposed a white colored metal . I was so disappointed because I really like the look of this ring and I got lots of compliments on it . Mind you , this only happened with the actual band of the ring . The crown has n't turned color at all . I 'm in the market for another crown ring but I 'm still wearing this one in the meantime .
 I bought this with the peridot earrings from the same seller , so if you see a repetition of the points i make its because the seller is the same , firstly the picture makes it look a lot better than it is , its a very pale green , at more than -LSB- ... -RSB- including shipping it looks more like a -LSB- ... -RSB- piece of costume jewelry , i am really surprised some reviewers claim to have worn this as wedding jewelry , this mainly was what made me buy it , goes to show caveat emptor , its now to late to get anything else so i really ca n't return it , would not recommend it to anyone else
 Disappointed in the size of the diamonds and the flimsy gold . Would not recommend
 Oh , wait ... it is cheap !!! Not that bad looking , but if feels cheap ...
 I have ordered alot of things and this was the first time my order was not right , I am sending it back .
 I gave it as a gift but it was so tiny , I did feel a big embarrased to give it away . If I had more time I would have sent it back and tried for a larger pendant .
 Purchased for my wife for Valentine 's day and the item is defective , not to mention cheap looking . The chain is not attached to the clasp - not broken , just purely a defective item . Unfortunately it adds more frustration that I am 1 month past the return window when I finally get around to doing something about it .
 I have been wanting to purchase this over 3 years , but because of lack of money havent been able to . Originally , this was in the 20 $ range and I thought , I can get one for me and my 2 sisters . Yeah right . For this price , now 40 $ . Im better off just drawing a picture because it will have the same effect . I am very dissapointed by this product because the price just keeps on getting higher and I am not going to spend 130 dollars or whatever for 3 of them . Just ridiculous . Thanks for UPING the price !
 I had seen this necklace at a fair and unfortunately did not purchase it there . I was happy to see it available on Amazon . This one is smaller than I thought it would be and it is not made well . Cheap is the accurate word to describe it .
 I had originally bought this item and gave it a glowing review ... That was until discovering that the pendant although labeled as being sterling silver is n't actually sterling silver . See my added product image to see it failing the simple magnet test . Silver is non magnetic , pendant is supposed to be 92.5 % silver 7.5 % some other metal usually copper which is also non magnetic . Pendant is being misrepresented in my opinion as silver when it is not .
 This ring looks like a glass ring , very basic and my normal size did not fit . Order one size up
 This ring tarnished under the stones turning the stones black , I tried every silver cleaner and nothing worked . After two weeks I had to throw it away .
 So , this ring is really beautiful and I absolutely love it , except it is NOT 100 % silver . I am allergic to nickel and therefore have to get silver or gold jewelry . I bought this ring because it was `` silver '' but low and behold , I got a really bad rash from it which would NOT happen if it were 100 % silver . If you are not allergic to nickel , then go for it , its a great ring . If you are , do n't plan on making this an everyday wear ring .
 I bought this ring because I am allergic to other metals , but sterling silver I can wear . IT TURNED MY FINGER GREEN ! STERLING SILVER DOES NOT DO THIS ! THIS IS NOT STERLING SILVER !
 I received this ring from my friend as a Christmas gift . It 's very nice , and it looks as pictured , but after a few months of daily wear the stone fell out never to be found again . I 've never had this happen to me with a ring before .
 It does work , but is made of cheap plastic . Now , if it cost only $ 2.00 , that would be understandable . I do n't harbor any illusions that it will last very long .
 The gadget does work . I find it bulky , gawky , looks like cheap plastic . I bought two , one as gift . Not worthy of gift giving .
 Bracelet buddyWell pleased / met all requirements.Gave one as a gift and recepient is pleased also.Will order more items from time to time.Thank You , Barbara Young
 I was thrilled to see this design - finally something new and elegant . When the ring arrived , however , I saw that the stones themselves were cloudy and very poorly cut . The ring arrived quickly but was not up to my standards . I have other cz items and they put this to shame . The man I spoke to about returning them was very pleasant and -LRB- was it my imagination ? -RRB- not surprised .
 Ordered the product for Xmas and never received it . Very disappointing . When talked with the seller , they said they did n't know what happened since it was ordered through Amazon and never did anything nice to make up for the Xmas disappointment for 2 little girls .
 This is the worst experience I 've had with a purchase on-line . The ring did n't fit , I measured it before I bought with the ring I 've been wearing for years , however , because of the comfort fit feature it was too small . I contacted the company and they said to send it back and just pay shipping and they would send me another size , UPS called to tell me I had to pay a 48.00 tax fee on it because it was Canada , so I had to pay 12.00 just to get it sent back to me . After paying everything I 've put 211.00 in a ring that is worthless to me , because it does n't fit .
 The pendent looks better in the picture . It is much larger and the gold color is brighter . The chain is short so it is close to the neck and with a such a large pendant it looks funny .
 it 's my first return , but it went bad . No refund after 40 days . The topaz is light blue , not deep blue , very disappointed .
 I really liked this design and color , but after a short while , the silver changes to grey and it fades away . What can you say , cheap .
 Obviously this is not a high quality product . I wore it for less than a day and it turned my finger green . I do not have any kind of allergy and I 've never had this problem with my rings before . I am really disappointed because I like the way this ring looks and I love the design but now I have a ring I really ca n't wear . I will not be recommending this product to anyone .
 I ordered this pendant because the design looks great online , but once it arrived , it was nothing like the picture . It 's very small , and the back of it is completely hollowed out . This would n't be a problem if it had a bail you could use to hang it on a cord , but it does n't . So , in order to wear this pendant without showing the ugly backside , you will need to loop a soft cord -LRB- silk might work -RRB- around it . In the end , I am returning it because it 's just not worth what the seller is charging for it . The quality is not great , but I might have kept it if I had n't paid so much for it .
 I bought this jewelry box for my 3 year old daughter for Christmas and I will be returning it . It 's very cheaply made and the music would not play for more than a few seconds .
 Upon receiving the music box and opening it , I discovered that the mirror inside was mounted extremely crooked , so much so that I had to take it apart -LRB- which entailed cutting the material inside -RRB- , realign it and glue it back together . After doing that , it was fine , but I knew what work I had done on it even though the recipient had no clue . It was very disappointing , to say the least . I 'm only thankful that I did n't have it mailed directly to her because that would have been an utter disaster .
 Looks exactly like picture . Only one problem with it . The piece that starts the music box was stripped out.So I wasnt able to use the music box . I called company and they said the would exchange or refund my money . If I wanted to exchange it I had to send back and they would reimburse for the postage . To me it wasnt worth the hassle to rebox the item and take to post office to have it shipped back . I guess I would of preferred they just sent me a new one . And I could of just thrown the other away.Which In the end i did .
 I received this and it is broken ! The doll does n't spin right when you wind it up . I 'm so disappointed .
 Ordered this as a Christmas gift for our granddaughter , and the fairy hitches and stops while spinning . Unacceptable for a little girls Christmas present . It is really a lovely box , too bad I got one that does n't play right . I have to return this .
 This is a really cute little jewelry box , but the dancer and latch broke in no time at all . The box is still intact so that 's good . My 5-year-old daughter is very careful with her things , but after a few minutes the wings popped off the ballerina and then a little while later the whole girl came out . I was really hoping this would last longer than it did .
 When I found this , I was delighted . I ordered it , and it took very very long to ship , and arrive . When it arrived , it was exactly the same as something I already owned . The product description was too vague for me to tell what it was . I ca n't say I 'll be coming back unless the descriptions get better . Since I 'm blind , it makes no sense for there to be accurate pictures , but not written descriptions to go along with them .
 after not even a month of having purchased this item . This necklace has already broken . I probably should 've looked at purchasing something a little more substantial and will in the future . But for this item and it 's brief usage period . I would recommend you look elsewhere for better quality necklaces . Because this one is n't it by a long shot .
 I bought two for a yinyang best-friends pendant/s I was giving as a gift . The black cord popped out of the ` silver ' setting on one , and the other rusted.This thing 's a piece of junk . I wish I had n't ordered them . I generally avoid condemning reviews like this , trying to find some good things , but with this piece , there really is n't anything ` good ' about it . You 'd be better off buying a length of silk cord at a crafts shop and knotting the back - save yourself the money and angst of this product.Honestly , it 's not even worth one star .
 I purchased two of these necklaces , but the first one broke the second time I wore it . Good thing I purchased two .
 In the picture the stone protrudes . it is just flat . Not real excited about that . And it 's tiny . I was expecting a little bigger .
 The clasp is cheap looking and does n't work well . It just would n't stay on the sweater material , it kept slipping off . This is not worth the money !
 This was a small , tacky cross . I do n't know anyone who would wear it . I called right away to return it . They give you 30 days . I still have n't received the paperwork . I called again ; still no paperwork . I just want to send it back ! How do you spell rip-off !
 Delivered with good speed and packaging , but unsatisfactory product . It looks like it came out of a cereal box . Do n't waste your money .
 This looks really cute on but mine broke after 2 weeks !!! Do n't waste your money
 Bought them for my mom because she liked the picture . Too heavy to wear for long , but very shiny . She likes them .
 Yes , they were inexpensive however as soon as I open the box and took the earrings out . The cubic zirconia popped out of the stud . Also the stud stem bent . I have never seen an earring back placed inside a clear rubber piece , I thought I was allowed to take it out however there earring back is not fully complete so it the equivalent of having an eraser on you back of your ear . How Lame ! All in all if you want it for just one night . then I guess otherwise do not buy . its a joke and a waist of money . Plus the shipping took a long time .
 The pearl was kind of nice , but the chain it comes with looks very generic . Also , the service I got from American Pearl was the worst I have ever had on the web . First of all , they charged me for two pearls when I only ordered one . Then I tried to contact them and they took two weeks to get back to me just to tell me they would get back to me . As of now , I am filing a claim with Amazon.com to retrieve the funds American Pearl charged me . If I were you , I would not buy from American Pearl , it will just be a hassle .
 I 'm not too happy with these earrings . I wore them for about half a day and one of the stones fell out . So I would say the are n't made well .
 I liked the idea , but it was n't pulled off well . The ring is cool looking , and the thought when ordering it was that I 'd place it on between two silver swirl bands I already have . But the ring is bulky . And it 's not stretch at all and I have BIG hands . Matter of fact , it 's too big and does n't fit tight to my finger at all , so I 'd need my swirl band to keep it on my finger anyway . But I do love the stones in it , and for what I paid for it , I 'm not upset . It is what it is .
 The ring is huge - was surprised considering it was supposed to be a stretch-ring - can not wear it - very disappointing
 This ring is pretty but impossible to wear . It is way to bulky and your finger has to be spread away from the other fingers while it is on plus the chips constantly poke into you . One of those ideas that must have been good on paper but just do not translate . I have worn it on a chain before as a pendant and it did look nice that way for a fun casual look .
 Nice fish pendant , but not what I wanted . Wanted for a necklace . Would be nice is it was smaller , more delicate .
 Easy to describe -- the price should have told me ; if it 's cheap in price , it 's cheap in quality and looks .
 well lets see . where to start ... well for one it ripped right out of my ear when i was trying to take it off -LRB- that was a bloody mess -RRB- um well basically all i can say is you get what you pay for . the post is really hard to get out of the clasp so when your putting it on and taking it off you just about have to have plyers . not to mention the gold plating on it tarneshes really quick . so yeah my advice is just dont . learn from my blood and sweat and mistake and save your self a trip to the Peircing shop again ...
 They feel like plastic and from a cracker jack box . I would be embarrassed to give them to a kid cousin
 I ordered these earrings the color was purple instead of red like garnet is surpose to be . I emailed the company have not heard back from them . They didnt mined taking my money . I thank its unfair how companies can do this to customers
 This bracelet was a Christmas gift for a 68 yr . old lady and after whe wore it 3 or 4 times , it broke half into . I am notifing seller for a return . We 'll see happens .
 I feel similarly about this item as I do about Communism
 Very Disappointed ! The item was Not well pack and therefore causes the product with some damaged . i feel it is not as useful as i thought . Quantity of the product also pretty lbad . Not worth the money at all !!! I will not recommend it to anyone !
 The tiny screws that hold the lid on fell out within a month of purchase.Poorly made
 It 's the large glass beads that are of very poor quality in this necklace . Too bad , I paid less for another Nvie necklace and I was more satisfied with that one than this one .
 I was excited to come across this product thinking they would be great stocking stuffers for my kids . The package came and there was only ONE music box . The description is deceiving and I thought I would be getting all 8 . VERY DISAPPOINTED . I love the product , but would have NEVER purchased them for that price if I knew I was only getting ONE .
 This sterling sliver heart necklace was by far the cheapest item I have ever received from Amazon . The retailer quoted the original price as $ 150 . Impossible !! It was not even worth the $ 23 I paid for it . It would even be considered cheap if won at a fair . I immediately returned it and would advise anyone else to not purchase this product because quite frankly , there is not one positive comment to make ... extremely poor quality and ugly design . Enough said .
 I never ordered this item , never received it and have never even seen it 's picture . Where do these items come from ? I have received several request to rate items I have never ordered . However , it 's cute .
 These earrings were a huge disappoinment ! Whether they are really 14 karat gold or not they look absolutely fake ! The two curved peices of metal that comprise each earring were made with 2 different colors of yellow . One of the wires actually looks like 10 karat yellow gold and positioned right next to the other wire which looks overly yellow `` gold '' for any karat . Almost light orange in color . These even looked worse than the junk you might find at a drug store that lasts for a week . It 's safe to say I wo n't be buying anything from J&R Jewelry World in the future and I am very disappointed in Amazon.com for even offering this Co. 's products .
 I was really disappointed in this necklace when I opened it . I ordered the `` natural continents '' version . The continents are obviously computer printed stickers that are stuck onto the marble . You could see all the pixels , and even see wrinkles where the sticker had overlapped . There was a big gob of glue on the top where the chain had been glued on . I had expected the chain to be a little heavier and of better quality . Instead it felt like one of those light fake childrens necklaces you buy out of the quarter machines . I can not speak for the gold continent version of this necklace , but the natural continents are definately not worth the money , however , a portion of the proceeds do go towards environmental foundations and the marble is made from recycled glass .
 What the picture fails to show you is the back of the necklace . The back of the neclace is hollow . The front of the necklace looks great but the back looks horrible . I returned this item right after I got it . Do n't bother with this item . I thought this item would be a good substitute to the tiffany 's version but this does n't even come close
 Probably seemed like a good idea to someone , but it totally does not work if you have hoop earrings ... which I do and quite a few pairs at that , ranging in size from small to 3.5 '' in diameter . Look again , there is no way these will fit in this design . My long dangly earrings do n't fare too well either as the rows are too close together so long earrings overlap onto those below ; also if you have spring ear wire types -LRB- french wires ? -RRB- they are almost impossible to put onto this . Bottom line
 El producto llego en malas condiciones , no quede satisfecha con los dos set adquiridos por eso efectue la devolucion . En estos momentos no estoy interesada en adquirir este tipo de producto ya que lo hice a traves de otra opcion de comercio , deseo puedan corregir este tipo de error para el futuro . El producto cumplia los requisitos exigidos por mi , por ello lo seleccione para la adquisicion .
 I guess this is one of those times that I got what I paid for . They are very cheaply made . The clasps do not close good . Waste of money !
 These earrings look great when you take them out of the package but after one use they tarnish and turn brown !
 If you want them for a costume cool . If you 've got 5 sisters ranging in age , and want a set that looks like it 's the same size on each of them , good option for very little $ , but you get what you pay for . Cheap &#34; metal looking &#34; hoop earrings .
 This is listed as `` enamel '' . Well , it is n't . It 's some sort of plastic coating on the inner ring . Real enamel is glass , and it 's quite durable . I washed my hands with this ring on - just regular soap - and it took the gloss off the ring . Pathetic ! I should have known better than to pay this much ! I wo n't be fooled again ... I hope .
 I purchased this item from Eve 's Addiction and it was a piece of crap !!! That 's being kind ... The stones were about to fall out , the setting was very , very uneven and what really bothered me more than anything else is that included in the package there 's the signature of the person who claimed to have verified the quality or integrity of the product before packaging ... I do n't know what word would qualify to describe such a person because this was just an insult to me as a customer.I would never ever purchase anything from them or their affiliates again . They do not even include a return sticker as most of their competitors . Please do not waste your hard earned money !!!
 The picture is great . The blue stone is very fake like blue plastic . No way does it look like a sapphire or any other stone . The color is horrible . The silver is very light weight and cheap too .
 `` This is NOT all stainless steel as it says . the black hinge part is PLASTIC , can be easily twisted and bent/broken . Buyers should go with one that appears to be ALL metal or steel . I made a big mistake buying this !! ''
 this time broke after a few days use ... Tried to email seller for refund as U do not want a replacement as would be the same quality . No response from setter . This tiem was shipped to the UK and not worth shipping back . but very dissapointed with it and lack of response from seller
 This product looks very nice , but upon receiving it it is clear that the overall quality is very low . The jewels are , positionally , glued in place sloppily . After a few weeks of my girlfriend wearing it , it broke and is now in the trash . Do n't buy .
 I bought a few charms from another vendor than Pugster and they literally fell apart . I was putting the charm onto my bracelet when the butterfuly fell off ! It looked like they had glued it with a tiny amount of glue . The vendor did refund my money . But it was disappointing since I the blue butterfuly was pretty . The other charm was for my dog . Same thing happened the top part fell off ...
 The necklace arrived today . It may turn out to be rather pretty , if I am ever able to get untangled . It arrived in a mixed up ball . Amazon did a poor job of quality control . It is so bad that I 'm not sure it was n't done on purpose .
 Bought these earrings along with another pair from another vendor . They arrived about 5 days later than the other pair . NOW - the `` aquamarine '' ball on the hoop has fallen off . Nowhere to be found , which brings up another point . You can hardly see the `` small disc ball '' - so , when they say small , they mean small . About half the size of an eraser on a pencil . Now - the ball has gone AWOL . do n't waste your time with these.As an update - I have yet to be contacted by the seller to even offer a refund on these earrings.So , `` Buyer Beware ''
 I should have listened to the other negative feedbacke about this product . Of course you get what you pay for ... I 'm a pretty `` heathly '' gal and this bracelet was waaay to big ! I purchased it to cover a small tattoo I have on my wrist and it was so loose , it fit halfway up my arm ! So much for a `` bracelet '' !
 This bracelet should never have been packaged and shipped ... it was stretched too far out of shape for wear and simply slid off my wrist over my hand to the floor . I was very disappointed since I ordered it with other products in which I am pleased from this seller ... I threw it in the garbage!It does n't rate any star at all ... but I guess you get what you pay for .
 This item was a disappointment to me . I thought it would be a fun bracelet to wear when I did n't want to wear expensive jewelry . But , it looked really cheap . It would be great for a teenager/child , but not for an adult woman .
 I would like to see them make a better catch . I went out last night to only one place and at one point without me knowing it fell off my wrist . I 've been going crazy looking for it and have n't found it .
 I 'll have to say Something Silver does ship quickly , but that 's about the only good thing I can say . When this necklace arrived , I was extremely disappointed . The necklace is cheap and thin , as was the charm and the pathetic little stones . Something Silver did n't even put it in a decent little box . I bought this to give to my sister as a Christmas present ... I honestly would be embarrassed to give this to anybody . I sent it back to Something Silver the day after I received it . I like some of their designs on other jewelry , but definitely question the quality . I doubt I ever order anything from them again .
 The cost is good but the quality is not so good . You get what you pay for I suppose .
 That was a disappointment . The ` silver ' looks like thin tinplate . Far too cheap to look at . It looked much better on the picture
 Not thrilled at all with these . One of the MOP discs was put on backwards and it is very obvious to me - one is shinier and has more `` depth '' to it than the other one . I gave them to my niece - she is 13 and imperfections like that do n't bother her at this point in her life . She is happy with them .
 I would not recommend this ring to anyone in their right minds . The ring itself turned black and then started rusting over within the first week of having it . I would n't waste my money . .
 Item was great but in no hurry to ship . I was told that I would get the item within 6-10 day . Well lets try 15 days latter . I even called them a few times and they always told me `` Oh it will go out the next day . '' Wrong , I am not sure what the next day is to them .
 I was pretty excited to find this pendant because my husband loves the Yankees . I bought this as a Christmas gift.Well , after about 5-6 of wearing it , we noticed it had tarnished terribly on the side that was against his skin . The description states that it is Rhodium plated , but I have to truly wonder if it is , or how much , with the way the pendant current looks.My husband has worn other sterling silver jewelry continually without issue , so I do n't think it 's his body chemistry reacting to the metal.To be honest the metal looks as though I had bought it from a corner drugstore . I would not recommend this , for the price ; it should not be looking like this after 6-8 weeks of wear . I looked into the return policy on it , and it 's just too much hassle .
 The cost is good but the quality is not so good . You get what you pay for I suppose .
 Not at all what I expected for the price . Was hollow and had seam in it . It looked like something you would get out of a cracker jack box , and the price of $ 70 was WAY !!!!! too much for this product .
 was very heartbroken with this product to small not a well made at all wish i would have sent it back
 We loved this ring , but it started leaking with a day or so of receipt : - -LRB-
 We loved this ring , but it started leaking with a day or so of receipt : - -LRB-
 We loved this ring , but it started leaking with a day or so of receipt : - -LRB-
 the first day I wore this ring , one of the stones fell out . The day it fell out I was typing on the computer . Did not even know it came out till later . Did not find the stone . Would not recomend this ring .
 I was VERY UPSET to look at the musical notes on this and see that it is NOT the song `` Fur Elise '' by Beethoven as the title of the bracelet says ! The song `` Fur Elise '' is very special to me , I named my daughter Maya Elise and I wanted to order it for her , but I was very frustrated to see that whoever titled this bracelet knows nothing about music ! If you do n't care about music , then ignore this review and good luck/enjoy your order .
 The photo of the bracelet was accurate . I did return it , because I did n't like the way it fit my wrist , but that was my problem , not any problem with the actual bracelet .
 The actual product looks quite different from picture on website - looks cheap , no shine - I was very disappointed .
 Make sure you read the fine print!This bracelet is silver TONED , not sterling silver . The embossing is also not the greatest - clear on the one side , but hard to see the letters on the other .
 Actually I only wore it 2 days to work . I took it off at night and put it on in the mornings . On the 3rd day I noticed the silver peeling off . I tossed it . I know it was inexpensive but that was down right cheap . Never again !!!!!
 I loved this bracelet . It was heavy and beautiful and I loved the saying on it . Unfortunately , since it 's a cuff and I had to pull it a bit to take it off -LRB- you have to open it a little to get it on and off and tighten it when you get it on so that it does n't fall off but that 's normal with cuff bracelets -RRB- , it actually broke in half the first day that I wore it and was taking it off . I did n't think that I pulled it that hard so it seems to me that it broke pretty easily . It 's a beautiful bracelet but you have to be careful with it .
 When I got this bracelet , I tried to make it a bit larger before putting it on and it snapped and broke in half . It is pot metal covered with a silver coating . Junk !
 this product was pretty crappy ... if you wear it once or twice it will be fine . but my mom wore it for a couple of weeks and the silver finish wore off to this weird rusty under . Not a very good product if you want it to last .
 I did not receive product . I contacted the seller twice and never heard from them
 I am displeased with this seller , because I notified them of my change of address and they confirmed my change of address , and yet I have n't recieved my item 1 month after ordering it.I would n't reccommend this seller to anyone .
 I purchased the yellow gold version of this item as a Christmas gift for my wife . I was very pleased with the look of the horseshoe pendant but the chain looked very delicate to me . This morning , less than 2 weeks since Christmas , my wife went to put it on & the c ring clasp broke . We took it to a jeweler to have a new clasp put on . I was not very happy but at least it broke when she was putting it on & not while she was wearing it . I also paid considerably more than the current advertised price . I would have expected a much better quality chain & clasp .
 Pendant did look nice and as the other reviewer said , clasp has a lot to be desired . . Four months later a stone fell out and was lost . Oh well best to deal with people who stand behind what the sell . I was offered a five dollar credit by Amazon to get it replaced at a local jeweler .
 Did n't realize how large the pendant was - I thought it was going to be a cute little choker . It would have helped to have had the dimensions listed .
 was very heartbroken with this product to small not a well made at all wish i would have sent it back
 I returned this . I was quite disappointed in the feel ... it was like a feather , not like gold at all . However , I regret my decision since my final price was 157-dollars U.S. , and it now is going for 490 ! My wife has slapped me viciously about the head and shoulders ; - -RCB-
 I have a moissanite ... SO beautiful . A huge piece chipped off in less than 1 year , although my diamond -LRB- similar wear and tear -RRB- lasted 18 years with nary a scratch . I thought moissanites were supposed to be hard ! But apparently that 's different from shatter-proof : -LRB-
 I really was hoping this ring would look similar to a diamond but when I got it , right away I could tell it was n't even close . Then I put it up against a real diamond and two cubic zirconia rings and it absolutely looks more like a CZ than anything else . I bought this ring based on the other two good reviews but I have to disagree , this ring is a disappointment . Save your money and just buy a CZ or spend more and buy the real thing .
 The O ring that holds the charm on has already broken off and is now unwearable and the charm was lost when this happened since I did n't know when or where it happened . I really liked it until this happened . It really did n't seem that fragile .
 This was not as pictured . It looked larger and better looking in the picture . When I received it , I was very disappointed.I did return it , and they were very good about the speed and the credit.I would buy from them again due to excellent customer service if I found EXACTLY what I was looking for .
 My daughter bought me these for Xmas and I was so disappointed when they arrived ... I actually got them to go with a copper cuff bracelet I won ... the quality between the two pieces is so evident ... the bracelet is a beautiful heavy piece while the earrings are light and cheapy looking ... the earrings are hardly worth the price they are listed for ... I have bought clearance earrings at Target that out shine these ... I was planning to save the copper set for special occasions but I 'll have to find another pair of earrings to do the bracelet real justice ... be forewarned , they look quite lovely online in the picture but not in person !
 This silver charm of the Brooklyn Bridge is a disappointment . It is very lightweight silver and does not have the substance of a good silver charm . The definition of the bridge is not as good as it should be . Order was sent out very quickly .
 This is a beautiful ring - an anniversary present for me 2 months ago . Unfortunately one of the diamonds came out after only owning it for 2 months . I contacted Amazon and there is nothing they will do for me b/c it is past 30 days . I was very disappointed that they would n't back this product . Now I have to pay for repairs on my own .
 The ring itself its pretty . However it came with a tag around the ring that read `` Made in China '' ... . I can not see the marking that says how many K the gold is and the diamonds look weird.I have to take it to the jewelry store and get it evaluated , because I am not going to be happy until I am sure this is the real thing . Obviously once I know I will make a different review . For now , I feel robbed to be super honest.If it turns out to be a scam I will let you know and return it , if it is the real thing I will re post.Please do not put `` made in china '' tags around expensive rings ... if we wanted that we would buy them at k-mart .
 The diamonds were badly included and had little to no sparkle - great price - shoddy product .
 the only way the picture is accurate is to say that the earrings are lever backs with garnet tear drops.the setting was larger with the stones set poorly and significantly lower on the earring than pictured additionally the stones were significantly paler -LSB- almost brown in color -RSB- and smaller than the picture.i sent these back for a return which they provided but i had to cover both shipping and return shipping.dont bother , these are cheap .
 I 've been purchasing products from Amazon for a long time and this is by far the worst experience to date . The product is nice but it took 3 weeks to receive it . I purchased the expedited shipping method to surprise my girlfriend for mothers day , but it still took almost 3 weeks to process this order . I highly recommend contacting the seller for processing details .
 I was very disappointed when I opened the package . Those earrings are extremely small -LRB- 1/4 '' -RRB- and the design just does n't show on them . They look completely different from the picture . I will never wear them and would n't recommend anybody to buy those .
 this item i was thinking would be like the charm from rocky you know the boxing glove pendant . but unfortunalty you get what you pay for half a small boxing glove the back is hollowed out and the front doesnt look as good as it doesn in the pictures my advice save your money and buy a more expensive one
 I had a very hard time putting them in my granddaughters ears . Much to small ...
 THIS PIECE OF JEWELRY WAS VERY PRETTY AND FIT THE DESCRIPTION PERFECTLY-THAT WAS NOT THE PROBLEM . SOMEONE HAD NEGLECTED TO TAKE A PRICE TAG OFF . THE SELLING PRICE ON THE TAG WAS $ 10.50 . SO THEY WERE CHARGING MORE THAN TWICE AS MUCH TO AMAZON CUSTOMERS . RIP-OFF - I WOULD SAY SO .
 Got it as a birthday present for my wife but was not happy with what I got . The chain you get along with the pendant is so delicate u 'd break it while just taking it out from the box.Pendant not big enough to be priced that high ! Not worth the money is all i would say .
 Every item for sale by this company lists NO VALUABLE information - and who waits 2-3 weeks for shipping to BEGIN ? How about length ? Width ? Some indication on pendants of actual size ? While the items look nice , the long shipping period , typos all over the listings , and the complete lack of valuable information about these products simply exclude EVERYTHING made for sale by this seller from my shopping cart . WAKE UP , Amazon.com ! Who is the company you want us to buy from ? Apparently , you do n't know , either ; nor are you monitoring your sellers . Very disappointed .
 We were going to a 70 's disco party and I thought this BIG DADDY ring would look great . The ring is actually plastic , no metal ... and the part that attaches on to you was damaged in shipping . It 's junk .
 This item is no good !!!!! Could ' t even wear the ring , The bands that go on your fingers are uneven and are suppose to be adjustable yet they were not
 I took it out of the package and 3 of the 4 rings fell off . So , that was disappointing . Wenever got to use it . It looked fun in the package
 This ring can not be worn - it is only for show . It is plastic and the finger holders will break as soon as you attempt to slide this ring on .
 when i viewed these earrings online the presentation looked fine . when i received the actual product it was disappointing . i would have preferred a slightly larger stone . really sad about that . i do n't think i 'll trust buying similar products online . not happy .
 Positive
 I 've been purchasing products from Amazon for a long time and this is by far the worst experience to date . The product is nice but it took 3 weeks to receive it . I purchased the expedited shipping method to surprise my girlfriend for mothers day , but it still took almost 3 weeks to process this order . I highly recommend contacting the seller for processing details .
 I was highly disappointed by the lackluster color of these opals . They look more like white moonstones ! They are a nice size , but they have very little `` sparkle . ''
 The earrings are merely acceptable in color . Descriptive terms `` dazzling , vivid ice blue with fire '' are an exaggeration . I would describe the gemstones as a faded denim color . The stones were small and slightly unmatched in size but that really was n't as important as the color to me . The 14 carat leverbacks are very nice . I would not recommend the earrings unless someone was looking for light colored stones . The price however is very reasonable .
 Unfortunately when these earrings arrived they were 2 different colors and there also was a visible speck in the one stone ... I sent them back and ordered another style and was p ; eased with them . .
 These earrings appear to be a decent size in the photograph , but when I received them they were not much bigger than small diamond studs . They were so tiny and because of the subtle color , any one would have to look hard just to be able to tell I was even wearing earrings . For the price I paid I need a smoky earring that people will see . Not one that people need glasses to find . If these earrings were larger I might have really liked them . But for now I 'm sorry I will be sending these back .
 The smoky-quartz stone was very light and appeared just lightly tinted . In addition , there was no way to determine the actual size of the stones from the online description . They were much smaller than I anticipated . They might have been a nice earring under other circumstances , but it was not what I thought I was ordering . They might be a nice earring for a teen girl .
 The aquamarine earrings do not look at all like aquamarine , which is supposed to be light blue . They had no color , so I ended up returning them .
 These earrings have no blue in them ! The picture is extremely deceiving !
 After reading the reviews on this item which stated that the stone color ranged from a nice blue to colorless . I decided that for the low price tag -LRB- $ 20 -RRB- it was worth the risk of getting colorless stones . Unfortunately , luck was not on my side and my stones were colorless . The earrings are still nice , but I would have preferred them to be at least somewhat blue .
 These earrings had a really pale blue color and they were much smaller than expected , but they did match my sister 's necklace color .
 I received this as a gift . The bracelet is dainty . The sapphires are a dark blue , but the luster is ok . The quality of the diamonds do not meet all the specifications advertised . I can see black spots on several of the diamonds on my bracelet . They are more of an I than SI . I 'd return this if it was n't a gift . If I had known the quality would be below what was advertised , I would have asked for jewelry from costco . I will not be buying jewelry from amazon again without a certificate .
 It was really , really small and the color on the site had a variety to colors in it . Once I received them , they were just plain lavender looking . The picture on the site is very deceiving . Usually , most items are but this one was really bad !!
 This ring is NOT solid silver . I took it to the jewelers to get sized for my husband . The guy couldnt ' t do it , because its hollow inside . I ordered a size 10 , and they sent me a size 9 . just avoid this seller if you can .
 I bought this ring and returned this item , watch the gram weight on items from this seller , they do n't describe items other than by weight . This ring is hollow and not true to size . The seller was a little hard to contact , but once I told them I was returning the ring my account was credited quickly .
 I must preface this review by saying that I have bought several other things from this seller -LRB- Silver Insanity -RRB- and have been very well satisfied with their quality . This ring , however ... I liked it when it arrived . It was very pretty and shiny and it was a good weight for me -- not too heavy and not too light . Just what I was looking for -LRB- I thought -RRB- . After a few weeks of wear , however , it not only became scratched , which I fully expected as I lead a somewhat active life , but it also became dented , which I did not . From the reviews I read prior to purchasing this ring , I knew it was hollow . That was fine with me because I knew that if a ring of this width was solid , it would be too heavy for me to wear and be able to do what I need to do . However , I did not think the metal would be so thin that it would dent with each and every knock . I was wrong . I kept this ring and did not complain to the seller as it was entirely my own fault for not exercising common sense when buying it . Being hollow , there is no way to know how thick the outer or inner layers are and I failed to consider that when deciding whether or not to buy it . I will not shun Silver Insanity due to this one piece of shoddy merchandise . If there is another item that they offer which I like and want , I will not hesitate to buy from them .
 This ring dented all the way around within a few days . It is so bad I Do n't even wear it . It was a waste of money .
 This ring is NOT solid silver . I took it to the jewelers to get sized for my husband . The guy couldnt ' t do it , because its hollow inside . I ordered a size 10 , and they sent me a size 9 . just avoid this seller if you can .
 I bought this ring and returned this item , watch the gram weight on items from this seller , they do n't describe items other than by weight . This ring is hollow and not true to size . The seller was a little hard to contact , but once I told them I was returning the ring my account was credited quickly .
 I must preface this review by saying that I have bought several other things from this seller -LRB- Silver Insanity -RRB- and have been very well satisfied with their quality . This ring , however ... I liked it when it arrived . It was very pretty and shiny and it was a good weight for me -- not too heavy and not too light . Just what I was looking for -LRB- I thought -RRB- . After a few weeks of wear , however , it not only became scratched , which I fully expected as I lead a somewhat active life , but it also became dented , which I did not . From the reviews I read prior to purchasing this ring , I knew it was hollow . That was fine with me because I knew that if a ring of this width was solid , it would be too heavy for me to wear and be able to do what I need to do . However , I did not think the metal would be so thin that it would dent with each and every knock . I was wrong . I kept this ring and did not complain to the seller as it was entirely my own fault for not exercising common sense when buying it . Being hollow , there is no way to know how thick the outer or inner layers are and I failed to consider that when deciding whether or not to buy it . I will not shun Silver Insanity due to this one piece of shoddy merchandise . If there is another item that they offer which I like and want , I will not hesitate to buy from them .
 This ring dented all the way around within a few days . It is so bad I Do n't even wear it . It was a waste of money .
 I ordered this ring based on the photos , thinking that the stone would be a rich royal blue . When I received it , the stone was very dark , almost black . The photo also makes the gold look thick and substantial . The metal is so thin that I thought I was going to bend it by just trying it on . It 's a very delicate ring , and not at all what I was expecting . I was surprised because I had ordered a ring from the amazon collection about a month ago , and was very pleased with the quality , so I came to trust that most anything from that particular collection would please me . I sent it back the same day I received it . I can see it being a value for its price , and you probably ca n't find much better in that range - I think I 'm reacting more to the disparity between the pictures and the actual product .
 I ordered this ring based on the photos , thinking that the stone would be a rich royal blue . When I received it , the stone was very dark , almost black . The photo also makes the gold look thick and substantial . The metal is so thin that I thought I was going to bend it by just trying it on . It 's a very delicate ring , and not at all what I was expecting . I was surprised because I had ordered a ring from the amazon collection about a month ago , and was very pleased with the quality , so I came to trust that most anything from that particular collection would please me . I sent it back the same day I received it . I can see it being a value for its price , and you probably ca n't find much better in that range - I think I 'm reacting more to the disparity between the pictures and the actual product .
 I ordered this ring based on the photos , thinking that the stone would be a rich royal blue . When I received it , the stone was very dark , almost black . The photo also makes the gold look thick and substantial . The metal is so thin that I thought I was going to bend it by just trying it on . It 's a very delicate ring , and not at all what I was expecting . I was surprised because I had ordered a ring from the amazon collection about a month ago , and was very pleased with the quality , so I came to trust that most anything from that particular collection would please me . I sent it back the same day I received it . I can see it being a value for its price , and you probably ca n't find much better in that range - I think I 'm reacting more to the disparity between the pictures and the actual product .
 What a piece of junk , it 's going back today . There is no way the sizing is correct .
 For $ 50 , these were n't the color I expected , so I sent them back . I thought they 'd be more peachy in color , but they just look pink to me , and I already had pink pearls .
 The dolphin bead dangle belly ring looks really cute . But only after a week that I 'd been wearing it , the dangle part broke off . Bottom line is it looks great on-line , but when you receive the item , you can tell it 's very cheaply made .
 True , the chain is lovely . But notice the clasp was a little cheap . The first day I wore the chain , it feel off .
 I purchased it , and it was perfect for what I ordered it for ; but I just tried to clean it in silver cleaner , and it 's tarnished to no end.Anyone have any ideas on how to get the shine back ? If it cleans up , I 'd up the rating to a 5 ; but right now , I 'm feeling ripped off.Thanks
 I guess I expected too much when I ordered this chain . It is very small . I mean the length is great but the width -LRB- 2mm -RRB- is too small . I will keep it . I 'll just purchase a bigger one later .
 The color is really pretty , yet the pockets dont fit much in them and I just used it for the first time and one of the zippers has already broke . I would look elsewhere for a travel jewelry bag .
 I would not recommend this jewelry case . I was quite disappointed that one of the compartments was very shallow.Very few pieces of jewelry could fit in the case ... It did have a nice design , therefore I would give this product 2 stars .
 -LRB- Gold Color -RRB- Nice fabric , but offers very little padding/protection for fragile pieces and both zippers broke on the 2nd use .
 I could not believe how many people rated this item favorably . I was shocked when I opened it . It is such poor quality that I ca n't even believe they are charging fifteen bucks for it . It 's worth about three , and I bet you could find it in any Chinatown for that . Probably even better for three bucks!It is extremely small too . The zippers are poor quality , and the stitching that holds the ring guard and button on look like they are about to fall off ... very poorly made . Even the embroidery is horrendous.My mom gave me one of these years ago that puts this one to shame . I saw one in The Met catalog , I think I 'll head over to their site and see if it 's on sale.At any rate , I am gon na keep looking , and return this junk . A pillowcase would be better than this !
 This was suppose to be a Father 's Day Gift and it turned into a nightmare getting the seller to provide good customer service . I placed the order on June 3 , got an email the same day from the seller that it would arrive June 14 . Then I get a tracking number from the post office indicating that the item was delivered on June 4th , 10 days prior to when it was suppose to . Normally I 'd be thrilled that it arrived early ... . BUT , I never received the package . Post office did nothing ... . Seller did nothing and it 's impossible to submit a claim through Amazon without jumping through hoops !!! I ca n't even file the claim until June 17th since the sellers delivery window promised was June 14th . LAME !!!!!!
 I bought one of these for my mom -- Mother 's Day present . She loved it . A few months later I learned that a stone had fallen out of it . Too late to return it to Amazon , so I bought her another one . The very same day I gave it to her , the exact same stone had fallen out and was lost . These rings are cute but the fact that the same stone falls out with minimal wear tells me they are not well put together.I have purchased inexpensive rings from Amazon before and never had this problem .
 I bought one of these for my mom -- Mother 's Day present . She loved it . A few months later I learned that a stone had fallen out of it . Too late to return it to Amazon , so I bought her another one . The very same day I gave it to her , the exact same stone had fallen out and was lost . These rings are cute but the fact that the same stone falls out with minimal wear tells me they are not well put together.I have purchased inexpensive rings from Amazon before and never had this problem .
 I bought one of these for my mom -- Mother 's Day present . She loved it . A few months later I learned that a stone had fallen out of it . Too late to return it to Amazon , so I bought her another one . The very same day I gave it to her , the exact same stone had fallen out and was lost . These rings are cute but the fact that the same stone falls out with minimal wear tells me they are not well put together.I have purchased inexpensive rings from Amazon before and never had this problem .
 They didnt have any stop on them to keep them on , and the chain felt funny to her . They just didnt feel right when she wore them
 Real jade does not break by simply trying to squeezing it on a finger ... I seriously doubt this item is genuine jade as the seller claims it to be .
 I was so excited when I first found this highly rated ring on Amazon . I have a lot of good looking CZ jewelry , so I know that it 's possible to find a CZ piece that could pass for `` real looking '' jewelry . Most people on Amazon seemed happy with the ring , so I happily bought it.When the ring came in , I immediately noticed the large gaps in between the stones . I posted two pics so you can see what I am referring to . If you look at the ring up close , there is no way you would n't see the gaps . Also , the ring is not perfectly round . It looks like it was beaten into a circle with a blunt object , but no one performed a quality inspection to make sure it was acceptable.I wish I would have listened to the 1 star review from Puggaforevet , so I would n't have to go through the hassle of returning it now . Definitely a let down .
 The fit was great , the service was great , but it did n't sparkle , was very dull . I kept it , but I should have returned it .
 Not sterling silver ! No .925 stamp engraving is visible inside ; Not comfortable ! The band edges inside are not smooth ; Not attractive ! The gaps between each stone , varying in width , ruins effect ; Such poor quality , even for CZ.Save your money and shop in person where you can examine the product
 I ORDER THIS RING READING ALL THE OTHER COMMENTS THAT PEOPLE LEFT SAYING THIS RING WAS SO NICE THE DIAMONDS LOOK REAL WHEN I GOT THIS RING I WAS MAD THE DIAMONDS LOOK PLASTIC AND YOU CAN TELL THE RING WASNT REAL I KNO THE DIAMONDS ARENT REAL BUT IT STILL COULD OF LOOK AT LOT BETTER THAN WHAT IT DID.I GUESS U HAVE TO JUDGE FOR URSELF AND DONT LISTEN TO OTHER PEOPLE WHEN IT COMES DOWN TO JEWERLY
 Twenty dollars for a ring does not guarantee its quality , but it should n't mean it 's a piece of junk either . For the first week , I wore this ring happily and was impressed with its comfort -LRB- I would afraid it would be stabby -RRB- and attractiveness . Since the two flowers are not connected , I thought I might be able to adjust the band size slightly . A small amount of manipulation later ... crack . I did n't break it , but it was clear that the ring was not at full strength . I kept wearing it , expecting it to split in half , and it would be my fault -LRB- though I would have expected something a little stronger -RRB- . Then , about a week after that , I put on the ring in the morning and noticed one of the stones had fallen out . Now the ring is double broken . Lame . Considering my cheaper everyday ring , theMarvelous .925 Sterling Silver Band Princess Cut Clear Cubic Zirconia Solitaire Slim Promise Ring , has stood up to far worse mishaps , I think that the price on this ring is too high , and the production just is n't a decent quality at all . Unless the price drops by half -LRB- at least -RRB- , save your money .
 Brought it to a jewelry store to get engraved and they would n't even do it because they said it was just a silver laminate and it would peel . It was supposed to be worth $ 100 and the jeweler told me it was worth less than $ 20 . I would not reccamend the Neteya Corp. . The only good thing I have to say about them is that they refunded my money quickly and easily .
 This is a nice leather box and looks impressive . But it is not good for storing cigars because it is not air-tight . When I hold it up to a lamp , I can see light coming through . Also , the hygrometer is not accurate . I put it in my large humidor and it gives me a different reading than my other two hygrometers -LRB- -11 % -RRB- . To make it worse , the hole in the lid is too large and the hyrgometer falls out . Made in China .
 While appearing substantial in the online photo , this bracelet , in real life , is a major disappointment . It has the look , feel and weight of plastic and I would be embarrassed to wear it.I have purchased several pieces from the * Amazon Collection * and by-and-large they have all been very satisfactory to me ... until now.Amazon truly dropped the ball with this item and needs to eliminate it from their line .
 I guess I 'm not a fan of cat 's eye . The cat 's eye on the beads was not as white as in the picture . It looked gray and I did n't like it .
 too big and bulky ... made well , but the extra large links make it look cheap and are too big for most charms . the bracelet overpowers the charms because it 's so big .
 Let me give you a hint , I found this same one on the side walk , looking for the owner I looked it up , this thing has a broken clasp and the `` shiny silver '' people are talking about now looks like a vending machine bracelet . I was surprised to see this thing cost as much as it did because it looks like it came from the dollar store , so if you want a bracelet that you will end up loosing because the clasp breaks , and looks like trash , pick this one .
 Purchase these for my daughters , comparing these to the one I purchase for my wife at the local jewelery store -LRB- not paying much more than this one -RRB- they seem like costume crap , even the feel seems cheap ... and so close to xmas it 's hard to exchange now . . even bought a number of charms for the both of them ... I remember getting my kids fake jewelery out of the vending machines that look about the same ... sorry but would not buy again ... NO WAY
 These earrings began to get a white haze on them shortly after I received them . I keep them in the same jewelry box as my other silver jewelry so it ca n't be because of storage .
 Let me preface this by saying that I 've had two pairs of silver hoop earrings that each lasted more than a decade before I lost them.This pair did not last more than two months before one of the posts broke off at the base of the hoop -LRB- poor solder joint . -RRB- I never slept with them on or wore them while running , exercising or dancing so it was not from any misuse or abnormal wear.Besides the weak link , I also did not like the look . I could n't tell from the picture that the hoops are flat , not tubes . From the side they look great but from the front they are not very noticable because they are very , very thin .
 Review of 22mm hoops - one earring broke the second time I wore them , very disappointing . The straight bar that goes through the ear simply snapped off from the hoop . The purchase was made via a gift card from my daughter for a Mother 's Day gift.This makes the entire scene worse.Thanks for the opportunity to speak about this.I would appreciate a replacement , free of any and all charges .
 They look really nice on the computer but they super cheap . They are thin and look like they are from Claire 's . I bought them as a Christmas gift . I apologized to my friend that they look & feel so cheap . Not bad for the price but I would n't recommend them as a gift unless it to a little girl .
 The necklace in the picture looks a lot thicker and heavier than it is . For a two hundred dollar necklace it 's very cheap looking . I would n't have paid more than twenty five bucks for the necklace !
 I really loved these earrings but only one arrived . So I decided to make a necklace out of it .
 I was not happy with them . The measurement was off , I thought they looked like $ 5 necklaces . They were to wear in honor of my mother in law who passed of cancer . I sent them back . This was the first time I ordered jewelry and was very disappointed . I went to our local mall and found the perfect pendant at Macys .
 This piece of crakerjack toy i recieved was just that . There was no size on the add , and they made it look so great.i wished I would have read the comments more carefully . I was on vacation when it came so I ca n't send it back without it costing me a return charge .
 Yes , it 's pretty , but it is n't sterling when you can pick it up with a magnet .
 This necklace looks very nice online , but in person is very small and cheap looking . It would be fine for a child but not for an adult and should be advertised as such . The chain is very cheap also . I am able to return it but hate that return shipping is not covered .
 After reading all the grave reviews on this item , I decided to give it a try and I purchased it . After receiving it , my first glance of this baguette &#34; diamond &#34; ring I was dissappointed . Firstly , these are the worst baguette &#34; diamond &#34; ring I 've ever seen . Baguette diamonds are the most clear and sparkling cut which make it a special cut . After careful examining this item and have seen all kinds of &#34; diamonds &#34; of all grade , these diamonds look very much like &#34; promotional diamonds &#34; to me . Real baguette diamonds of any grade should be a bit clearer . never this cloudy for baguettes . This item of &#34; baguette diamonds &#34; are cloudy within the stone through and through ; which lead me to strongly believe that this is &#34; promotional diamonds &#34; . Sorry , but this item simple did not go with my existing diamond ring . I had to return this item for it was not acceptable as &#34; real &#34; diamond baguette chips . However , if you do not know any better you can be mislead regarding the difference between &#34; promotional grade &#34; and &#34; real diamonds &#34; . I want it to work for me due to the price , but it did n't .
 This was my worst experience I will never purchase anything from the Netaya jewelry.I had place an order with them almost two months ago and they never place my order and I called back three times , it got to the point where I spoke to one of the managers and she was the worst rude , no customer service experience and she said that they had finally place my order and ask me if I wanted or not . I do n't recommend this jewelry store to anyone .
 I am very disappointed in this product ! There is a piece added on the inside of one of the bangles which is very sharp and scratches my arm . All of the bangles have cracks on the `` silver '' which is supposedly identified on the above-mentioned added piece . I did appreciate the information that the bangles were connected . I would not order from this vendor again .
 / It was a good price , I had look everywhere for one , however it was not ! as advertized it look like a toy went it can and did not fit even a ten year old.I returned this bangle last week and have not ! got credit back on my card yet . If the product is returned promptly then so should the money be returned quickly . First thing from Amazon that I have ever gotten and I was happy with . Roxann / 1-9-2013
 This was not what I expected it to be . I thought this would be a good jewelry box for my necklaces but it was not laid out that way at all . The depth is such that there could/should be a tray in addition . Also , my box arrived with the lining from the top of the box hanging half-way off . Needless to say , the jewelry box was returned immediately , no replacement thank you .
 Looks beautiful but i do not think that it is genuine sterling silver . It goes black and dirty pretty fast and needs to be cleaned very often . Comparing to other silver bangle from other store , which stays shiny all time , this bangle is disappointing .
 I was very disappointed with this purchase ! It looks nothing like the picture ! It looks very cheap the price should be $ 5.00
 I just bought these earrings and noticed as soon as I opened them that the backs did not fit closely . And I was right within a week I have already lost one of the earrings , and the gold posts are VERY thin and one of mine was already bent when I received the earrings . Overall a waste of money .
 This must be a real `` find '' since the elephant represents Republicans !
 Seriously , an Elephant , something as clumsy and `` dumb '' as an elephant -- Democrats would never pick that as their mascot !
 Ordered this knowing it was inexpensive but what I received was worse than expected in part because Amazon sent the wrong item . Spoke with Customer Service who sent a replacement which they promised would be inspected first ; however , the same WRONG item was again sent . The problem is the item has been switched with another silver heart locket , one even cheesier than the product listed . I contacted Customer Service regarding the replacement ; they recognize now the real problem and are working to correct ... eventually . Both lockets have been returned ; there did n't seem to be any way of getting the proper locket . I wound-up ordering a completely different design from another vendor .
 Amazon sucks , I bought the locket for 23.99 in PLENTY of time in the `` Gold Box '' deal and go to check out and they charge me 40.00 . what a rip off , of course I cancelled it . I use to like this place but not anymore
 i feel the pic online is pretty nice , so i placed the order . but when i got it this morning , i was so disappointed that it looks so harsh even not wearing it . You can tell it 's not in fine quality , maybe that 's for its low price , but the main thing is this ring is not good for you if your finger is relative thin . And it 's not that expensive , makes me not willing to return it , kinda waste of money .
 When I received the ring I was so happy ! It came and the box was beautiful . The shine on the ring was excellent . But if you are one of those people who never take off your jewelry then this is not the ring for you . Within two weeks the ring had already started to discolor . The rusty tinge made it look so fake ! Definately not good . I wish I could get my money back !
 This ring is very nice ; I like the looks of it . The only problem is that I bought this ring to wear in place of my wedding ring toward the end of my pregnancy . I ordered it a full size larger so I was sure it would fit . When it arrived , I couldnt even get it on my finger . When you hold it up to my wedding ring , they look to be the same size . The box it came in gave no indication as to which size was sent . So , they either sent the wrong size , or they run small somehow . I guess it will be worn after the birth of my son instead of now .
 The ring looks pretty different from the picture online.CZ stones are really small.Although it 's ok for its price , I still feel a little deceived .
 Not good for writing with a pen because paper is too glossy . So ink does n't stick . I am really disappointed .
 Sent me Earing display cards . wont wast my time or money on this again . since they cant seem to fill an order correctly
 Chain refused to stay clasped and finally broke after less than a month . Tried to deal the company but they would not reply .
 This was shipped to an old address . We 've had successful deliveries at our new address , why was it shipped wrong.Our CURRENT address :15619 N.E. Caples Rd. # 66 , Brush Prairie , WA ,98606 I do n't understand why the wrong address , we 've done the address change , and it was scheduled for our new address . Very disappointed customer ...
 Brought for a four year old as her first piece of jewelry . She jerked it off with one pull and it was a box chain . I am very disappointed , but wo n't ask for a refund because she jerked it off !
 The ring is very pretty , and seems worthwhile , but we found that it catches on clothing , and even upholstery fabric at times .
 I must say , I got this ring and was thrilled with it . It was my ideal ring , it was gorgeous , I got tons of compliments , hell , in a round about way I got a job because of it!That being said , this ring does not hold up well . Shortly after getting it the seed pearls started to crumble and fall off . At this point there are only 21/2 holding on . Also two of the garnets fell out of the settings , and the back of the band broke . The band broke first , and I did n't think much of it ; its happened before to me , but when the stones started falling out I was very upset.This is a gorgeous piece of jewelry , but if you love it wear it sparingly or it wont last . Mine sits in my jewelry box because it no longer looks good enough to wear with the missing stones -LRB- not to mention the empty settings are sharp -RRB- .
 I bought this ring about a month ago and have worn it 4 or 5 times . It 's really beautiful , but one of the tiny pearls has already fallen out . When I got it out of the box , I expected it to be heavier than it was . It 's very light weight and apparently not very well made . I 'm bummed because it is a pretty ring , but definitely not worth the price , as it 's already damaged . I 'd say it 's worth about $ 20 max .
 i bought this necklace several months ago for myself ... the day i got it in i noticed that only one part of the star was attached to the moon even though the picture shows two parts attached ... i thought this might have been the way some of them were made ... well needless to say before the day was over the star had fallen off completely . i did not return the necklace simply because it looks fine with just the moon but i was still disappointed . i would not buy this necklace again if i could go back and do it over again .
 The pendant is stamped from thin silver -LRB- instead of being cast -RRB- ; it 's very poor quality , but the price was almost twice as much as I usually pay online for high quality silver charms .
 I bought this for my husband for christmas last year , I wasnt going to give it to him but i had already spent my money . The chain is too small for a man . the pendant was way to small for my taste , and not to mention it was hollow . please dont spend you money .
 Anybody measured the weight of ring ? I happened to do so several months later after I got it . It is 2.2 grams -LRB- size 7 -RRB- instead of 4 grams as shown on the website .
 I was given one of these rings as a gift , it was beautiful , unfortunately it did not fit . The ring was ordered in a size 15 -LRB- yes I 'm a big guy -RRB- and I do wear a size 15 but what came was not even close to a 15 , it may be a 14 but it 'd be tight even for that . The ring is not suitable for a pinky ring so I just stuck it in a drawer . I wish it had fit because I loved the appearance of it .
 Please save your money , this item is not worth it . It does not stay in your nose and the post -LRB- end -RRB- of it sticks out.DO NOT ORDER !
 When I received this is the mail I was disappointed . It did not sparkle as my other Swarovksi pieces and the silver cheapens the look . I expected more crystals and less silver - unfortunately I did not get what was pictured . I even contacted the seller to see about returning it . The only reason I kept this over-priced piece was because I had also purchased the matching earrings and bracelet . The bracelet -LRB- the one with just crystals , no silver beads -RRB- is stunning and the earrings are decent .
 My husband bought a set of this jwelry for my birthday in June and I loved it ! But today I found the silver chain turns into totally BLACK ! I only weared them twice for my birthay and my friend 's wedding and I kept them in their little boxes very well ! Only two month they become so ugly ! I am very upset and I never see any jwelry has such bad quality ! The whole set costs us more than hundred dollars ! Feel very very BAD !
 Not even worth the 1 star !!! I purchased the Antica Murrina Veneziana Cancun Necklace , Bracelet & Earrings as a Christmas surprise for my sister on NOVEMBER 28th . I received a `` your order has been shipped '' email on NOVEMBER 30th with a tracking numbering . It is now DECEMBER 18th , and I still do not have my purchase !!! When I view UPS to track , it has been stuck in the UPS warehouse since DECEMBER 1st . I have called UPS over a half-dozen times and each person gives me a different answer as to why it 's being held in customs . I finally got tired of doing the leg work and emailed FORZIERI -LRB- the jewelry vendor -RRB- 3 times to see if they had better luck . Someone finally emailed me back on DECEMBER 16th saying they would look into why it 's being held . I have not received anything further from them . At this point I am extremely frustrated and disappointed . This was supposed to be a fun Christmas surprise for my sister who had this jewelry on her wishlist . I ca n't believe the time I 'm spending just to get this package .
 I got these as an accessory to a Halloween costume . they matched great but they pinched my ears really bad . I would not recommend buying these unless you have tough ears .
 This necklace says that it is 16 inches but has no dimensions for the actual pendant . It is extremely small and was not at all what I had expected or hoped for . It is very pretty but needs to have the actual size of the pendant posted for a more accurate description .
 poor quality . within 5 minutes one stone had fallen out . i took it to a jeweler and she showed me how most of the stones were loose in the prongs and many prongs were misshapen . save your money .
 My husband bought these for me for Christmas and they are not what I expected based on the product description and photo.The description reads
 Go to a local jewelery shop . Ring sizing is not possible on line , and this company takes zero responsibility for the fact that you will most likely get it wrong . It brought a significant amount of misery to what was a very special day for me .
 The diamonds were great HOWEVER amazon had a problem with their databases that delayed a lot of peoples stuff that day , I needed mine by a certain date for a certain birthday . When I knew it was not going to get here and trust me I paid for next day shipping I tried to cancel the order so I could just get them locally . I could n't becuase the order status was preparing to ship -LRB- it said this for two days b/c of their database issues -RRB- so I wrote them about 5 email and continued to get cookie cutter responses about how I could check my order status online SO I called and was told well you wo n't be charged for the shipping ... I did n't ask for free shipping I asked for my money back so that I could go get my wife something locally and again was told there was nothing they could do for me b/c the status of the item showed preparing to ship and they are having problems with their databases and i just need to understand that . Sorry but the page said if I ordered it by 3 p.m. it would be here the next day it should be and I am not daddy megabucks so I did n't have enough extra money lying around to go pay for another set w/o getting my money back from here first . So she got a picture and the gifting was not as exciting as it could have been . The only reason I waited so long was so she would n't see how much I had spent and spoil her surprise . Next time I will buy locally and just not have them bill me until the day of . Amazon did not listen and the worst part was getting the cookie cutter responses . I am hard pressed to believe they were read at all .
 I was happy with these earrings when I received them . Unfortunately , after only wearing for one week , the post broke off one of the earrings .
 It 's too big . Does n't look good . Too big giving the appearance of being really really fake . No one should ever wear cubics this big . Looks like glass in settings . Face it , we all want cubics to look like diamonds . Save your time and get the smaller versions . Half the size of this one . They look much better .
 This is the junkiest piece of jewelry , if you can even call it jewelry , I have ever owned . Not to mention they are totally ripping off Tiffany 's . I got this as a gift , only wore it once and my finger broke out in a HORRIBLE rash that did n't go away for about a week . My finger was practically raw all the way around . `` Some may ask are you allergic to silver ? '' No ! Not at all , I have several pieces of sterling silver and have never had any problems . Or `` Are you allergic to rhodium plating ? '' Again , No ! I own a lot of white gold in fact my wedding ring & engagement ring are white gold & I have had them plated more than a few times!Thinking that it may be something they overlay on the `` jewelry '' I called Eve 's Addiction asking them what if any thing I could do or they would be willing to do . They said some of their pieces are rhodium plated -LRB- but they could n't tell me if this ring was or not ??? -RRB- . They told me I was allergic to silver or the rhodium -LRB- hahaha -RRB- and I should paint the entire ring with clear nail polish !?! WTF ! I said No , I would just like to return it , they said since I had worn the ring that was not possible ! So after talking with a supposed supervisor and explaining the situation they said I could send it back for an exchange ! HA ! Why would I want another piece of JUNK . Needless to say I was frustrated . I declined getting another piece of junk and hung on to it.After about a month I thought I would try to wear it again , same as before a horrible rash and this time the ring on the inside was pitted and looked like some cheap nickel based ring from Claire 's after it has been worn about 100 times . So again I called thinking this time they would just offer a refund . Not so ! They said they only have a 30 day return policy . Fine sure whatever , the ring was trash and that is where I put it!Don ' t waste your money on Eve 's Addiction `` jewelry '' . It is definitely not sterling , no matter what they claim.I later purchased the same style ring from Tiffany , and of course no problems what-so-ever , as with all of my actual sterling jewelry.This is not the first piece of jewelry from Eve 's that I have had the same problem with , this was just the most severe reaction I 've had to their junk . I 'm hoping that enough people will complain about their rude service and terrible jewelry so that they will go under ! I only wish i could give a 0 star rating !!!
 they have the different picture of merchandise . the actual one that they sent me wasnt the one they showed in the picture . it 's a fraud . . althought the diamond looks okay ... the chain completely look like cheap silver far frm 14kt white gold they described in the details .
 Lightning bolts are cute . However , the posts are LONG ! So long that I have to take them out whenever I lay down because they stab me in the sides of my head . Had I known that before , I never would have bought them !
 I bought these because I thought they would be perfect to just keep in my ears for days at a time . I have several peircings in each ear so its easiest to not have to take them out all the time ... but these star points are EXTREMELY sharp , theres no way I could keep these in over night , I did once and woke up with red rings all around the earing ... so I dont even bother wearing them ...
 The pendant is very pretty , but I admit I was a little surprised at how big it was -LRB- I did n't pay a lot of attention to the measurements -RRB- . The diameter is a tad over an inch ! The pendant itself has a very smooth finish so it does have a machined look rather than a crafted look , but it 's still a lovely design.However , the chain , while it looks nice , is absolutely terrible if you have long hair as it catches and tangles hair very badly . Each little subunit of the chain flexes if it 's curved -LRB- like it is around your neck -RRB- , and your hair can get trapped in the gaps . I had to cut some hair to remove the necklace ; it was tangled up that badly . Part of the price you pay includes the value of the chain , so this really reduces the value of the pendant .
 Bought this as a Christmas gift for my sister . The size of the pendant is alright , but it 's paper thin and so cheap looking that it looks like something you might give a child to play with . In fact , I 'm sending it to my daughter-in-law to pass on to one of her many young nieces as a stocking stuffer . So very disappointing - and so confusing as to why there were so many favorable comments on it . Sometimes I think the manufacturers pay people to say nice things about lousy products . Save your money and buy something else .
 This necklace disappointing in all ways and looked nothing like the photo . The chain was cheap and stiff while the clasp was loose . The pendant was the most disappointing of all looking more like a flat piece of tin foil with a poorly cut out design . I am returning the piece .
 I was very disappointed in the quality of this necklace . It is very flimsy and lightweight and the chain did not lay flat because it was slightly bent . I returned the necklace and would not recommend it to anyone .
 This is the third time I have purchased this product but I am very disappointed this time . The packaging of this product from my prior two purchases were impeccable and it was a great gift for ladies in any occasions ; it came with a little cute pouch made of soft velvet along with a product certification brochure inside the box . But now , despite the product looks the same but the little pouch is replaced with a large cheap looking pouch without any product brochure which makes it look cheap and undesirable ...
 I hated this thing the minute I got it . I returned it and got burned on the return service with amazon . It 's huge . Unless you are a big girl with a big bust , it 's gon na look and feel like a rock hanging on you .
 I had hoped and expected something closer to the Zoppini Little Girl charm since we had a Little Boy charm from them and were trying to match it . This charm is a little more rough and raised -LRB- not as refined to me -RRB- than what we expected .
 The ring was pretty good at first , but then it got all these scratches . The shininess went away easily .
 I recently received this item ; my only complaint is the very first time I went to insert one of the studs , the stud broke from the pole . What good is one earring?Other than that , it 's very beautiful .
 Something safer on my teeth than steel , but wanted the look of steel in my mouth . . So the picture of this barbell is VERY inaccurate . I was expecting very condensed glitter for a completely silver look . . The silver is very much spaced out and awkward looking . . Clear beads with very little glitter . . The only reason I gave 2 stars was because the acrylic flexible nature IS comfortable .
 I purchased the ring as a surprise gift not knowing the proper ring size at the time . According to the website you can exchange the ring for a different size within 60 days so I figured I would just go ahead and purchase and then exchange after the surprise was given . They ask that you email them first before you send the ring back to ensure they set aside the correct size for shipment . I have sent three emails now asking for authorization to return the ring with no response . We like the ring but it would be nice if they would be concerned with customer satisfaction ! We wo n't be doing anymore business with this seller .
 This is a beautiful piece of jewelry , but it is not for men . Too small , too effeminate .
 It did n't go in no matter how badly you try to screw it in , it 's too small and I wo n't break my nose over it . Better off buying a stud .
 My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set . We came across these and instantly fell in love with them . . I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later . The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful . . It was exactly what we wanted . . We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings . The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched . . I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if would n't scratch ... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy . . I guess we 'll see .
 I ordered this to see if it would be fitting to display some of our products at our office . It ended up being to small for what we needed , so i returned it and received less than half of what i paid for it . I paid around $ 65 and was refunded around $ 27 . Not happy about that.Not only that , but when i wrote and email asking why I only received a partial refund , they were rude in their response .
 I love artsy , interesting , non-mainstream jewelry , and this fits the bill . However , this piece is too weird to wear . The pin is designed so the enameled `` back '' of the ladybug -LRB- although I 'm convinced it 's a `` misterbug '' it 's facial features are masculine -RRB- , faces forward , this would be ok , as it is the enameled and colorful part of the pin - however there is a big hole going through misterbug 's head - meant for a necklace or cord . So when you wear it as a necklace , the pin is facing forward . Not the best design , as no matter how you wear it , it looks like it might be on backwards .
 This ring turned black lost all of the silver in 2 days ... To think I spent money on something that lasted 2 days . . ehh .
 It does n't turn my finger green . Some days the gem looks really fake . But some days it does n't . Maybe it 's a humidity thing .
 The very first time I put the ring on the stone fell out . Ever since I super glued it back in the ring has looked great .
 I bought it with the highest hopes on it being real and it turned out to be fake . Item listed was said to be real but it turns my girlfriends ring finger green and the ring is bending . She does n't take it off and on constantly she keeps it on always so a real ring would n't bend from just being on a finger nor would it turn a finger green .
 After reading previous reviews , I bought this ring , but I 'm a bit disappointed as it does n't have the quality I needed . There are visible scratch marks on the ring . It is however not too bad for its price .
 We returned the neckless because we felt that the question mark was much smaller than the picture indicated . The company was good about accepting its return and provided refund in a timely manner .
 I thought the piece was just the right size and I liked it in white gold , but the stone had no color and I was very disappointed . I will think twice before ordering jewelry again .
 It was NOT 6mm it was very light and much thinner then the picture . I have returned this item BUT HAVE NOT RECIEVED ANY OF THE MONEY BACK ~ POOR COMMUNICATION
 I have had two of these rings . The first ring completly lost the stone . The second chipped . I teach , so I do not think I am being overly rough on the product . I think it is n't made well , although it is very pretty .
 This was a disappointment . It is n't as pretty in person , and the crystal fell out in the first couple days .
 It was NOT 6mm it was very light and much thinner then the picture . I have returned this item BUT HAVE NOT RECIEVED ANY OF THE MONEY BACK ~ POOR COMMUNICATION
 THe item was received tangled , and it took me 1 hour to untangle . Put it on my ankle on Saturday , and looked down on my leg on Thursday it was broke . Very thin item , to delicate to wear at any time . Good for show pience in the box .
 It was NOT 6mm it was very light and much thinner then the picture . I have returned this item BUT HAVE NOT RECIEVED ANY OF THE MONEY BACK ~ POOR COMMUNICATION
 It was NOT 6mm it was very light and much thinner then the picture . I have returned this item BUT HAVE NOT RECIEVED ANY OF THE MONEY BACK ~ POOR COMMUNICATION
 It was NOT 6mm it was very light and much thinner then the picture . I have returned this item BUT HAVE NOT RECIEVED ANY OF THE MONEY BACK ~ POOR COMMUNICATION
 It was NOT 6mm it was very light and much thinner then the picture . I have returned this item BUT HAVE NOT RECIEVED ANY OF THE MONEY BACK ~ POOR COMMUNICATION
 Looks GREAT , but it is not wearable . It snags on everything , it does not stay in place on my toe . The band part is thin , already looks ready to break off - it is just a piece of metal open ended-not a full complete ring . I know it says 14K and that is soft metal , and since the band is so thin , it is already out of shape/bent/and after two -LRB- 2 -RRB- tries , I am unable to wear it . So much for my birthday present ! I got this from my husband because I am handicapped/unable to wear closed toe shoes . I wanted a pretty toe ring to replace the rings I wore until they cut them off my foot prior to my last surgery . In order to put this ring on/wear , you have to pull the band away from the front of the ring then squeeze it your toe into it - then squeeze the band again to tighten it on your toe . The cubic zirconia 's -LRB- all 3 of them -RRB- snag the rug , snag everything-settings are flimsy . I wanted a toe ring to wear 24/7 that looks pretty . I got the pretty part but can not wear it - period . To wear this on occasion , I believe the band would quickly break off with more that 5 times of putting it on and taking it off . I did not know until I got it that it was an open band design that you self adjust to your toe/squeeze it to fit .
 It was NOT 6mm it was very light and much thinner then the picture . I have returned this item BUT HAVE NOT RECIEVED ANY OF THE MONEY BACK ~ POOR COMMUNICATION
 It was NOT 6mm it was very light and much thinner then the picture . I have returned this item BUT HAVE NOT RECIEVED ANY OF THE MONEY BACK ~ POOR COMMUNICATION
 having received this product a little less than a week ago , i was surprised to discover that when i went to take it off , my toe had turned a nasty shade of grey green everywhere the ring had been in contact with my skin ... now , i am no jewelry expert , but i do know two thing -LRB- 1 -RRB- sterling silver should never turn your skin any shade of green , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- real sterling is imprinted somewhere on it with `` 925 '' ... after a thorough inspection of this and all items purchased from silver speck , i have not found a single 925 anywhere on any of the pieces ... do not be fooled ! this ring is not sterling . period .
 It was NOT 6mm it was very light and much thinner then the picture . I have returned this item BUT HAVE NOT RECIEVED ANY OF THE MONEY BACK ~ POOR COMMUNICATION
 It was NOT 6mm it was very light and much thinner then the picture . I have returned this item BUT HAVE NOT RECIEVED ANY OF THE MONEY BACK ~ POOR COMMUNICATION
 It was NOT 6mm it was very light and much thinner then the picture . I have returned this item BUT HAVE NOT RECIEVED ANY OF THE MONEY BACK ~ POOR COMMUNICATION
 It was NOT 6mm it was very light and much thinner then the picture . I have returned this item BUT HAVE NOT RECIEVED ANY OF THE MONEY BACK ~ POOR COMMUNICATION
 It was NOT 6mm it was very light and much thinner then the picture . I have returned this item BUT HAVE NOT RECIEVED ANY OF THE MONEY BACK ~ POOR COMMUNICATION
 It was NOT 6mm it was very light and much thinner then the picture . I have returned this item BUT HAVE NOT RECIEVED ANY OF THE MONEY BACK ~ POOR COMMUNICATION
 I purchased this as a gift for my daughter and was disapointed in the quality of the blue topaz . They look dirty or something . I went with the all blue topaz one that amazon sells and was quite impressed that for less money I ended up with a nicer necklace .
 My disappointment was with the width of the bracelet , it seem to be for a small or young child an item with that kind of detail and for the price should have a little more in width so it can be seen.LB
 Did not receive the item I requested . Because of the low cost of the item , I did n't return it .
 I bought this about 9 months ago , and now it appears the pendant has started chipping at the surface , leaving black underneath . It is definitely not made of sterling silver as the listing says . Amazon refused my request for a refund .
 It was NOT 6mm it was very light and much thinner then the picture . I have returned this item BUT HAVE NOT RECIEVED ANY OF THE MONEY BACK ~ POOR COMMUNICATION
 I was so excited waiting for this to arrive . Once i received it i felt ripped off . it looked very cheap , did not shine at all , and it was an odd layout . The center piece was bevelled and raised too far out . The side view looked tacky to me . The `` diamond '' accents looked like flecks of tinfoil . I returned it for a full refund .
 i ordered this for my brother for christmas and it took a very long time to ship . Then on the day it was supposed to arrive the seller emailed me and told me that it had been lost . now onto the product it self . it looks nice and all but it is very tiny and looks like its worth like $ 5 . Buyer Beware .
 This jewlery set looks like jewlery one could purchase at a Dollar Store . Very poor quality . I send it back to the seller as soon as I received it .
 I found the pendant to be too large the for delicate chain it hangs from , and the pendant is flat and thin . I will be returning it .
 did n't think it was this petite definitely not for a man gave it to my daughter .
 THIS BRACELET IS PERFECT FOR A YOUNG LADY BUT IT 'S TOO THIN FOR A MAN UNLESS YOU ARE A RACE HOURSE JOCKEY -LRB- 5 FOOT 105 LBS . -RRB-
 I got this bracelet extremely fast . Unfortunuately my boyfriend did not like it . I sent it back and received a refund . Very pleased with the service .
 I live outside US I ordered the item to be shipped to freight forwarder address and re-send it to me . I ordered the yellow gold Y charm and got white one instead . I contactated Amazon 3 times mentioning this situation .1 . The first one I explained the situation but gave them the wrong order number -LRB- my mistake -RRB- . The cust . service agent asked me to contact the seller without reading through my explanatory notes.In the mean time I submitted feedback about the misleading image on yellow gold but reality was they were sending white gold instead .2 . I contacted them the second time with the right order number this time . The agent asked me to send it back for a replacement . He did n't read throught my notes neither , since I explained I live outside the US .3 . The third contact
 No part of the gold shines . I do n't expect rose gold to shine but neither the yellow gold nor the white gold shine either . If I had it to do over , I would n't do it .
 I ordered 4 US Eagle pins in early November . Today I received 4 eagle pins from another country . Why do I said another country , well being a 30 yr retired Army Master Sergeant my flag has always been Red , White , BLUE . The eagles I received are Red , White , GREEN . According to the package they were made in China . Flagline.com has an address of Colorado Springs , CO. . Maybe they should pay a visit the local university in their town . The school isThe United States Air Force Academy . I know for a fact none of their flags are Red , White , GREEN . Since I try to support companies in this country , I think they should support our work force and buy from manufacturer in the US . There must be an outbreak of color blindness by worker in China . These eagle do n't soar like our national symbol does , they do n't even fly with turkeys , they just sail off into color blindness world.USA Eagle Cutout - Other Lapel Pins
 Cheap . Sharp edges . Pretty large in size . Not satisfied , but what did I really expect for such a low price ?
 They arrived fast and were cute . But were small , and did n't seem like sterling at all .
 I bought these for my husband for Christmas ... he really liked them -LRB- I was a bit disappointed in the size , but that was my fault for not paying attention when I ordered -RRB- However ... day after Christmas the post came of one of them . Good thing my man 's only got one piercing!Tiny Sterling Silver Peace Sign Stud Earrings
 I have ordered several different items from sabrina silver , and the very last thing was damaged when it arrived . I emailed customer service to get it replaced , and I was n't treated well . The representative was RUDE and NOT HELPFUL . The item was NOT replaced.Although this seller has great items to offer , I would n't risk ordering damaged material and then not recieving any helpful service .
 These earrings were very tiny . They look more like squiggles than feathers . Also , the post is quite short , and the back was n't tight enough to hold it onto my ear .
 The stone is way more yellow and less November birthstone in real life . I never wear it because it 's just not that pretty in real life .
 The stone is way more yellow and less November birthstone in real life . I never wear it because it 's just not that pretty in real life .
 The stone is way more yellow and less November birthstone in real life . I never wear it because it 's just not that pretty in real life .
 This ring is beautiful but has very poor quality . I wore it for a week -LRB- no heavy wear and tear or anything -RRB- and TWO of the marcasite stones have fallen out . Definitely a disappointment . Will probably never order from Gem Avenue again since they lack quality . Would not recommend - do n't waste your money !
 This belly ring looked very cute on the website but did n't live up to it in person . While the detail on the rose is nice , it is angled downward so while the ring is in , you can not see the folds and it just looks like a regular ball . The photograph here is very deceiving and taken at a bad angle to make it look like the rose is just tilted downward . When you look at the ring head on in the correct position , all you see are the green `` leaves . '' As I stated above , it then just looks like a two toned ball at the bottom of the barbel and no amount of contortion will reveal the design while it is in the piercing . I then decided to try it on upside down so that the flower would be at the top so you could at least see the detail . It looked a little strange but better than before but the rose promptly fell off . I had to krazy glue it back into position . It was a wonderful idea but terrible execution .
 This was super cute , but the silicone flower fell off after less than an hour !
 I bought this seeing that it is very cute . I recieved it in the mail , and while I was taking it out of the package , the rose popped right off the bar . Could n't even try it on before it needed to be fixed . Although the company is amazing , but this particular product of theirs is not good .
 The color you see on the picture does not match the ones on the real item , the black label is not as dark as I expected .
 I bought these for my wife for Christmas . The quality of cut was good the color acceptable for the price and any inclusions were very minimal for diamonds to be worn on the ear . However the back -LRB- Clasp -RRB- of the earring is cheaply made and lose fitting . My wife claimed that as her only concern with the gift and this proved to be prophetic as they did not last a week before one fell off her ear over the course of a day of traveling . This crucial detail turned a very satisfying purchase into a very dissatisfying one !
 these earrings had a massive flaw in one of them that could be easily noticed .
 These are TINY . I was embarrassed to give them to a loved one . Reserve these as a gift to a mistress or someone you like but do n't quite love . Definitely do n't give them if your intention is to impress .
 this was the worst product i have ever gotten diamonds were smaller and the backs were so cheap i lost one of the ear ring all ready never wull buy agian from here
 I found the pendant to be much smaller than it appeared on the web site . The chain was also in a knot when it arrived so I was never able to even try it on .
 The front of this is great ! Vibrant colors , wonderful design . But the back is peeling off like cheap nail polish .
 This ring is as FAKE looking as I 've ever seen ! The ruby is huge . Why ca n't the manufactures , when replicated colored cubic zirconia stones make them a more realistic color and size !! I would not recommend this ring to anyone !
 I ordered these earrings to match a starfish necklace I purchased at JC Penney . They turned out to be garbage when I got them . First , the earrings are n't even the same . They do n't match at all . One is bigger than the other and has the sterling silver stamp 925 on it but the other one does n't . One looks all skinny and the other starfish is fatter . What a terrible purchase . I would have returned them but I figured there 'd be issues since they tried to deliver my package and it somehow went astray . I had to call Eve 's Addiction to find out what was going on . I will never order from them again .
 The first day I wore it one of the balls was lost . It must have fallen off during the day and I did n't notice . Now I can not wear it anymore
 Worn two days , lost all of it 's stones . Worst thing I ever bought . Do n't buy one ever ! Was not good !
 Unfortunately when this item arrived it turned out to be only 3mm gauge bands as opposed to the description which has the bands at 5mm each . I contacted the seller suggesting that they had dispatched the wrong item as they also have listed a 3mm version but they assured me that I had received the correct item and suggested that if I was not happy with it to return it for a refund - which I have done . I find it odd that the seller is unaware of the anomaly in the description and then to assure me the item is correct when it is clearly not as described - go look for yourself!Sterling Silver Russian Wedding 3 Band Ring
 Russian ring has many minor scratches and sings of use ! I thought I paid for a new ring . I contacted Silver Insanity and got no any response . Also band is thinner than 3mm . This ring is a waste of money , and waste of money to send it back - I 'm afraid that so bad seller wo n't give me my full refund ... Worst experience ever on Amazon ! I do n't recommend .
 I was not very impressed with this order . Received earrings in a little velet bag with `` Made in China '' on it . Color was not great , but OK , however the Clarity was poor . I checked and these are even a poor I3 for clarity . Was a late Christmas order so I did not have time to do anything else .
 My father used to be a jeweler . My wife used to work in the jewelry business . Both have always said , when buying earrings get a low quality stone . No one will notice , there 's no sense in spending a lot for top quality when it 's an earring . These are the exception . They are SO white/cloudy that there is almost no reflection and therefore no sparkle.Tried to save a buck , now they are going back .
 Realmente no quede satisfecha con los aretes , no traen un certificado de origen ni especificaciones del diamante . solo MADE IN CHINA. , la caja no es la presentaci&oacute;n que ofrecen que es de madera , y por detr&aacute;s un mini sobre vac&iacute;o , que creo debe ir la certificaci&oacute;n y descripci&oacute;n de diamante . muchas gracias .
 When we took this in to get it reset the jeweler showed us the huge cracks that had been covered over by a glass product or paste of some kind that melted off when they put it through routine cleaning -LRB- I trust the jewelers -- they are BBB approved and have been in business for 18 years in the same location -RRB- . It broke my heart that he spent so much money on something that was not what it was supposed to be . Do not buy this jewelry and be suspicious of this company .
 The necklace lasted a week and then the rubber broke near the clasp . I guess in life you get what you pay for , not what is advertised .
 When the ring came I thought it was beautiful but I noticed that some of the gems were loose . The NEXT day I wore it around and noticed one of the pink gems had already fallen out . A total waste of money .
 Where to begin ? I was trying to be a good husband , buying my wife a pair of diamond studs for her birthday . She teaches , and instructed that she did n't want anything expensive , as she expected to lose one or both of the earrings within the year . I shopped around and settled on these 1/3 carat earrings from Netaya.The folks at Netaya deserve some kudos here - their photography skills are outstanding , and their customer service folks are very efficient at putting customers on hold.The earrings arrived a week late , even with the express shipping that I paid an extra $ 10 for -LRB- not UPS 's fault , they were n't shipped for 6 days -RRB- . Imagine my surprise when I opened the box -LRB- a necklace box , about 3 `` x5 '' , ie huge -RRB- to find two of the dreariest looking yellow diamond earrings I 'd ever seen.Not a great birthday when she would n't even take them out of the box . She promptly asked where I 'd gotten them , and what the return policy was like.I called Netaya that afternoon , went through the customer service menus , and spoke to several CSRs , all of whom seemed surprised that I expected a refund of my purchase price , plus the shipping price -LRB- I paid for expedited shipping , it was n't expedited , figured it was fair to ask for it back -RRB- To their credit , the little dreary looking earrings went back at their expense , and I was credited two weeks later with my full purchase price and shipping expense.I guess next time I 'm sent for cheap earrings , I 'll go to Walmart ...
 I was delighted to find such a great deal on diamond earrings , and I read the so-so review on here but bought them anyway . I was mortified when I opened the box and saw a big black inclusion in the diamond so big that you could see it from several feet away . Who would dare sell something so awful ?! I thought about exchanging it for a fresh pair , but I was so pissed at the low quality that I returned them for a full refund . Fortunately they refunded my money right away , although I 'm still upset that they wanted $ 400 for these , and with an original price of well over $ 1000 ! WTF ?
 The diamonds were quite yellow , so much that I debated whether to give them to my wife , and she visibly debated taking them . I do n't think I 'll buy jewelry from Amazon again , just because I have no way to see what I 'm getting until the day it arrives .
 size was ok -LRB- but on the smaller size which is expected -RRB- . However the clarity and color were terrible . I returned the earrings and will be spending more from now on .
 First set came in with a diamond loose , so you know the setting is n't that great . Second set came with much lower quality stones than the first . Returned for refund , and went elswhere . For about $ 40 more I was able to pick up much better quality and clarity . I can not say enough good things about the customer service at Amazon on this item though . Not one commment or critque of my taste or of my decision . I would shop Amazon again but look for higher quality .
 One of the earrings had a very large carbon spot just under the surface of the top of the stone . Visible from 20 feet away on a 3/8 of a carrot stud .
 This same exact ring is sold at many other websites for $ 19.98 USA dollars please be warned . I wonder if they buy the rings at those sites and resell them here for more ?
 The image of the ring on line is much prettier than what you actually receive ! The quality in person looks cheap .
 I ordered the ring in a size that was suppost to fit . The ring was to small so I went to send it back . It took a week to get in touch with anyone . Then I sent it back . I e-mailed silver insanity for 2 weeks with no responce . Their customer service is terrible . They dont get back to you in a timely manner or even just a friendly e-mail to let me know what is going on . I was very unsatisfied with them and will not purchase anything from them ever again .
 i am very disappointed . my girl had the ring not even 4 hours out of the box and it began to tarnish and turn her finger green . i will say anything but bad things about this company
 The diamonds sold by this company contain heavy carbon deposits . As a result , the diamonds are dark in color and do n't sparkle like one would expect for the money paid . I 'm still waiting to receive a full refund after returning almost 3 weeks ago . I do not recommend purchasing from this company if you 're looking for a diamond that truly catches the eye .
 The ring tarnished within a day or 2 . It left black and green marks around my finger . Initially parts of the ring became less shiny and started looking gray and dull . I would not recommend this to anyone , who is looking for a long time keep sake . Totally not worth the money , considering that it says sterling silver . Any sterling silver I have ever had , never rusted or started to leave black marks . So they are totally fooling you .
 The ring arrived in good time & looked great , but unfortunately the band/shank bent the first time I wore it - so I 've obviously wasted my money .
 Be Warned the amethyst in this ring is extremely extremely light . I was very disappointed when I received the ring since the picture shows a darker amethyst . To see how light the amethyst was google rose de france amethyst -LRB- 3rd pic -RRB- and you get the idea . In addition the amethyst gets dust buildup behind the stone very easily -LRB- dulling the color and clarity -RRB- . I own other amethyst rings and never had the dust buildup affect the color and clarity of the stone before . The cut of this stone is extremely inferior if dust buildup can affect the clarity of the stone this way . I have to wash it almost everyday with a toothbrush to make it shine again . I wish I purchased an amethyst ring elsewhere .
 I returned this ring the very next day after receiving it . It did not look like the picture when I opened the package . It was disappointing because I was looking forward to wearing this on an everyday basis . Do n't waste your time with this item !!!!
 Sticks out too much for my flat stomach . Gave it to a friend - she likes it .
 I bought this product quite some time ago and I 'm convinced that it is the spawn on Satan . I absolutely HATE getting ripped off , so I guess I 'm glad that it was so inexpensive , but I 'm still very disappointed with how terrible it was . The ends are made out of cheap plastic ; I think that says it all . It took a great deal of muscle to even twist off the cap . Your hands have to be in perfect condition , meaning not too dry or too wet , otherwise you 'd be unable to twist it off even with muscle power . Once you get it off , you realize that you unintentionally destroyed the tip of your new navel ring because the plastic is so cheap that it chips with little effort . If the poor quality of the product were n't enough , the hideousness of it is . The shape seems like an interesting idea at first , but it looks awful once you try it on ; it hangs weird and the only way it would n't is if you glue it , hold it in place , or stay in a stationary , seated position . Maybe some people like it , but I do n't see how they possibly could unless they were packing several extra pounds in their stomachs . All in all , I would not recommend this product for anyone looking for body jewelry of good quality and appearance . Believe me , this offer IS too good to be true . * -LSB- The sparkly pink and blue ones are just as equally terrible , so DO N'T BUY THEM ! -RSB- *
 I do n't like that product at all .1 it does n't look good in real live , because the product is very poorly made and is made out of cheap material .2 It seems like a new interesting Design , but if u have a flat belly the two plastic-balls will hang facing downward of your belly .3 it 's not like the other Piercings where u can choose you mm length and as expected the metal loop is way to long .4 It 's easy to break , it got a little crack all ready when i first screwed it open . Then if you closed it it will re-open , but if u screw it so hard together that that does n't happen it will break .5 This Design gets easy stuck on cloth etc. so it 's easy to hurt u.I had belly Button Rings for 7 years and i have to say that hole Rings with a click-ball and the standard Design are the most comfortable to wear and u cant hurt your self by getting caught on your cloth and they do n't fall out easy and do n't break usually.The ones which have a big rounding like a sun around the belly button look good on pictures but never when you wear them . On thin people they stick out on people with more fat they kind of mash in . And they are soooooooo uncomfortable especially when you sit . And they Stick out of your T-shirt etc.The ones with the hanging jewelery look very nice but can break easy if made poorly and i would just get ones with round hanging ends so they do n't rip on the towel ofter showering or cloth.So i hope i could help you : -RRB-
 I purchased these earrings , and got them appraised . They were appraised at less than what I paid and got appraised at $ 245 . I contacted NETAYA and they encouraged me to send them back for a free appraisal . They have since sent me back the wrong earrings that belong to another customer and sent my earrings to the wrong person . I am not a complainer but have been given a run around and not been told the truth . So while the earrings are pretty , be careful . FYI - I still do n't have them back .
 I am very unhappy with the customer service from Netaya . Delivery was promised on Dec. 5th , it 's now Dec. 11th . It 's being shipped today . Understanding it 's holiday shopping season is the reason why I ordered it on Nov. 26th . I sent 2 emails with no response . Called once , had to leave a message and did n't get a return call for 2 days . To only be told they would have to call me back . I called them back . Just beware ... order early !!! Have n't gotten the item ordered so ca n't review .
 The top of these cufflinks broke from the stem within 2 weeks of purchase -LRB- only 2nd time wearing -RRB- . Not impressed .
 I ordered the Silver Forbidden Gothic Pentacle Cross Pendant Necklace expecting what I saw online to be a perfect example of what it could be . I understand that the online pictures are alwase better than what you will get but this does not look or feel like silver . It feels more like a plastic like resin that is more commonly used in gum ball mechine . If your not looking at it closely or people are at a distance to you it looks realy nice but the moment you pick it up you think like all my friends did `` gumball mechine '' .
 This ring was a total let down . It was VERY thin and caught on everything that I wore . $ 26 is way too much money to pay for this ring .
 It only took Silver Insanity less than 48 hours to debit my bank account and send the electronic shipping information to the post office . That was about the extent of what they did regarding my order . Each email inquiry sent to them languished without response for nearly a week . It took them 3 weeks to finally say , `` We do n't know what happened '' and to issue me a refund .
 I found these on the Amazon website . I had some questions about the item and called Netaya . Since I needed to access their -LRB- Netaya -RRB- website for the item number I ended up ordering thru their website rather than going back to Amazon . That was 11/28/06 . So far the item has not been shipped but my credit card was billed on 12/1/06 . Needless to say am very upset . Left a message on their machine and sent them e-mail yesterday ; waiting for response . I ended up receiving the earings , not sure if after Christmas -LRB- 2009 now -RRB- ; were very nice and my girlfriend -LRB- now wife ! -RRB- liked them too .
 The flag is too hard to depict . But it is comfortable to wear . Wish I had gotten the balls in one color rather than flag style .
 I 'm assuming this is the same product Amazon featured a week or so ago as a ` Gold Box ' promotion . Anyway , they appear similar.These are junk . Tiny junk . The stones are miniscule . No woman older than six years , will be happy with them.Photos on the website are deceptive . The backing is actually larger than the teeny-weeny stones.I ordered these as a gift , but I 'd be embarrassed to give them to anyone . Back they go to Amazon . Too bad they ca n't just be ground up in the Disposal , but they 'd probably sift right through .
 I order this ring size 9 the one I received was size 11 ! I already paid $ 5 for shipping it to my mailbox in the states then it was shipped to me in the Middle East for $ 8 so it is n't worth returning it back because ill have to pay for the shipping from the Middle East to the seller .
 I was not happy with the item , sent me the wrong size even . I sent it back for refund , they sent the wrong size again . Now refusing to give my money back after I have spent more sending it back then it 's worth .
 I gave this necklace to my ex 's kid and he snapped the cross in less than a minute . So I do not recommend this necklace to any childern under 10 years old . Other than the pendant the cord necklace is easy to clean and does n't break as easily as the pendant -LRB- unless cut by a knife or scissors -RRB- .
 The cost is good but the quality is not so good . You get what you pay for I suppose .
 I am very unhappy with this product . I have only been wearing it for a couple of weeks and all the `` silver '' has rubbed off the skull that hangs down and the ring that holds the hanging skull is not welded together so it gets snagged on things like towels and such . I would not buy another from this vendor and am going to try to get my money back .
 the product arrived quickly , but away it farnished and caused infection ! dont waste your money .
 The ring was absolutely gorgeous when it arrived . However , the Lapis stone fell out about four months after I received it , and I did not even wear it ever day . Very disappointed in the quality !!
 The ring was absolutely gorgeous when it arrived . However , the Lapis stone fell out about four months after I received it , and I did not even wear it ever day . Very disappointed in the quality !!
 The ring was absolutely gorgeous when it arrived . However , the Lapis stone fell out about four months after I received it , and I did not even wear it ever day . Very disappointed in the quality !!
 The ring was absolutely gorgeous when it arrived . However , the Lapis stone fell out about four months after I received it , and I did not even wear it ever day . Very disappointed in the quality !!
 My jewelry cleaner arrived with dark streaks all around the sides from the cardboard box it came in . It looked like there was newpaper ink inside the box . I could n't get it to come off , so mine looks pretty nasty . The unit itself seems very cheaply made and it is very noisy when running . My jewelry was only slightly cleaner after using it . I would have returned it , but the shipping would be almost as much as it cost . I will probably throw it away instead .
 I received this ring as a Christmas gift . It was beautiful until a stone fell out less than 2 months later . We took it to a jeweler and they said that it is NOT a bezel setting as claimed . They said that although the diamonds are great quality the stones are improperly set and all of them could fall out . We are currently trying to get Gem Affair to handle this matter !
 I was very disappointed with this product . the ring setting is so high all the way around that you can not close your fingers comfortably .
 The ring is nice , but a little lighter than expected . Sadly , the tension-set stop popped out after a week . But shipping was fast and no problems with the seller . Product just not up to par .
 I was very disappointed with this product . the ring setting is so high all the way around that you can not close your fingers comfortably .
 I ordered this chain specifically because the photo and the description -LRB- spring ring clasp -RRB- indicated that the chain has a lobster claw style clasp . It does not . Instead , it has a cheap , easily broken round clasp.I will keep the chain but I am very disappointed .
 it seems like it 's not the right size , and it 's very delicate . . i hope it does n't break when my sister in law uses it , if it does , i will be letting you know .
 I just got this chain last week . I wore it . The next day , I took a shower with it on , and the silver color just faded . The chain is an ugly blackish brown now . Such poor quality . I wish I knew this , I would have never ordered . My money went down the drain.I am surprised no other customers had had such an experience.Returning this crappy chain is out of question since I would hate to pay for the postage .
 I ordered this necklace from this company & i came home today and checked my mail & i opened the package and there was nothing in there but plastic and popcorn foam . I better get a reply to my refund cause this is ridiculous . & i am very pissed off and unhappy about this . I cant believe a business like this sends items with nothing in them ...
 This chain is pretty , but it was n't as thick or as long as pictured . I have to purchase another one , but from somewhere else .
 This chain is lovely but apparently VERY delicate . After two months it fell away from my neck . The link that holds the clasp broke ... I guess I 'll be purchasing a new chain . FYI - this chain held a very tiny cross which caused no tension on the chain.I 'll get a more sturdy chain . I gave it two stars ... one for each month of service :-RRB- Just sayin ...
 The main problem with this chain - it is too short and too thin . Not complaining because this is my fault
 I give this product -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- for the secure way it was shipped and the timely manor . As for the product it is the worst brand of Sterling Silver I have ever purchased . Correct me if I am wrong but Sterling Silver is not suppose to RUST!I literally threw the chain in the trash , it had rusted so bad . I even tried cleaning it with a jewelry cleaner with no success ! This chain is a disgrace to Sterling Silver products of any kind . I went out to a local department store and purchased a beautiful 20 '' Sterling Silver chain for only 10 bucks and it does n't rust . The Gem Avenue Company is definitly not the place to purchase this chain ! Shop around!Sincerely Disappointed
 Broke within month . I wore it only a couple of times . It was well taken care of . Such a waste of money .
 The chain broke in less than a week . Not happy at all with this site and wo n't buy from it again .
 I was so excited to get this chain in the mail , until I saw it . It is terribly cheap and so not worth 16 bucks . the extremely long `` two day shipping '' did n't help matters either .
 Should have heeded the warnings of other reviewers . Purchased this as a gift for my 22 year old niece and it broke the first time she put it on . DO N'T DO IT !
 Granted , I knew it was n't going to be amazing based on the price but I did n't expect hair strand thin . I expect it to break within weeks -LRB- maybe days -RRB- .
 After my husband wore this for over two weeks it turned black . I was so shocked and disappointed ... I am not sure if others are having this problem ... we were disappointed and we are able to return it for a refund ... yea Amazon !
 I ordered this , and was happy to look at it when I received , however just after the use of a month or so it broke off.i wish it could have been more sturdy .
 Chain is dainty and pretty.Broke in less than a month.Present for Daughter . She wore it a few times before it broke . Can not be repaired . : -LRB-
 This chain broke like a toothpick in 2 months of light wear . Not at all recommended .
 I ORDERED THIS CHAIN TO WEAR WITH A WHITE GOLD ONE CARAT DIAMOND PENDANT I OWN , I PUT IT ON THE CHAIN AND IN THE FIRST WEEK , THE CHAIN BROKE , NOT AT THE CLASP BUT ABOUT 3 INCHES FROM THE END ... I ALMOST LOST MY DIAMOND , I WOULD NOT ORDER THIS CHAIN AGAIN .
 Waaay to small . You can barely see the links . Not what I had hoped for . i guess for $ 10 you get what you pay for . Actually $ 20 -LRB- 10 for shipping -RRB-
 The necklace was as pictured , but was very fragile and my son has already broken it after less than a week . The clasp did not spring closed automatically , and apparently it opened while he was wearing it , fell off , and was stepped on and broke . I guess you get what you pay for ! I would only recommend it for a very cautious child with a very thin neck . I should have returned it due to the clasp before it was broken .
 Item did not accurately match description . Item was much smaller in size than anticipated . I had bought it for my 7yr old daughter to wear with her charm . Because of its frail nature , I 'd suspect by the end of the month , the chain would have broken under the weight of my daughters small necklace charm .
 I purchased this for my daughter for her birthday . The chain itself -LRB- not the clasp -RRB- broke within a few hours . I do n't know if it was a fluke or something , but she has been wearing one of my similar chains for two months and it is fine .
 I 've worn this neclace for about 2 months and it 's black now , never had that happen with a silver chain . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought this to wear with a pendant my daughter gave me for my birthday . I want to wear the pendant on a daily basis , and I am allergic to nickel , so this appealed to me . In the picture , the chain has a more substantial weight and deeper silver color.In reality , this is a cheap looking chain , thin , too shiny , and easily crimped just by storage in a box . It does n't make me break out , but I doubt I 'll be breaking it in , either . This is what I get for buying jewelry online ; the picture is better than the reality .
 This is not a sterling silver chain !!! I can only wear real sterling or gold everything else gives me a really bad rash.The only thing I can give it is it 's pretty.To bad it 's not as advertised .
 I 've been wearing nickel free sterling silver chains for most of my life , and never have I had any of them turn black - especially not within a week of putting them on ! This chain was extremely disappointing , and while it did n't mark my neck , I was embarrassed to wear it because of the discoloration . It washed easily enough in a silver jewelry cleaner but I 'm now hesitant to wear it again because of how obviously low quality it is .
 This is pretty but it broke very easily ! Although I do have a little one that is al ways touching it . But I felt it should have lasted a bit longer . I would n't buy again .
 Broke within two days of wearing . I dont take my chain off and this chain broke from me simply removing a shirt . DO NOT BUY .
 This is a flimsy little thin chain . Its hardly noticeable and hardly worth bothering to wear . Plus side , it was shipped quickly .
 This chain is so flimsy and fragile it looks as if it will fall apart if I look at it cross-eyed . However , when I left a negative review for the seller -LRB- due to misrepresentation as to the product -RRB- , the manufacturing company , Gem City , called me and offered to give me a discount on a different chain . I said no , thanks , since I 'm not impressed with the quality of their product , but at least they seemed interested in making sure the customer was happy .
 Please be advised that this is a very fragile item and if it breaks after 30 days -LRB- as was our experience -RRB- the company will not provide an exchange .
 ~ ~ DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM ~ ~ I bought this for my girlfriend and she wore it for about an hour before it broke off and disappeared somewhere on my school campus . Luckily , the charm she put on it fell into her shirt so we did not lose that . For an item with 250 + 5 star reviews , THIS ITEM IS TERRIBLE and NOT WORTH YOUR MONEY OR TIME . I contacted Amazon and they were unable to give me a replacement . Worst $ 10 ever spent and I have bought a lot of stupid things in the past
 Ordered this chain to wear my rings on while at work . The first day I wore it the chain broke away from the clasp within 10 minutes without any pulling or pressure on the chain at all . This chain is cheap and a total waste of money - I returned and Amazon did refund my money
 When I got this I was happy but with in two days it broke then I was sad and upset
 Bought this as part of a Christmas present for my girlfriend . When I got it , there was a long , sharp piece of metal sticking off the chain . It makes it impossible to wear without getting scratched , but do n't have enough time to return it before Christmas . Will be contacting the seller for a replacement after the holidays .
 It is past the due date & have yet to receive the product yet . I do n't know if it 's lost in the mail or what but , I 'm not impressed .
 I bought this , and threw it away ... It wasnt worth the postage to sent it back to the wherever it came from . The box it came in was lovely ... and the earrings looked like cheap pickNsave junk ... dont bother with this .
 Just a cheap plastic thing , do n't buy . dissapointed cause I brought it to Mexico and it will be harder to return .
 I was a little disappointed with my purchase however the customer service was great when I complained . They even went as far as giving me a full refund . I understand that mistakes do happen but when a company stands behind their produces it means a lot to me . Because of the customer service I will shop with them again .
 bought this for my friends birthday , but when i recieved this item , the jewel in the center was not in straight , instead was up high on the right side and too low on the left . Also , the jewel was NOT purple , it was pale blue . the metal itself is dull pewter , not silver as the companys name implies . bottom line - buy another necklace
 I ordered this product twice , and returned it twice . The first time the chain was so tangled in the beads just above the dragon that it could n't be untangled without removing a head pin . This tangling had to have happened during the manufacturing process , it could n't have tangled that way on its own . The second one came out without an end ring with which to connect the chain to the spring ring clasp.The dragon itself was beautiful , and Amazon was very good and very prompt about handling the returns . However , I decided that the third time was not going to be the charm and declined to have it replaced yet again .
 I received the ring in only 2 short days ... fantastic . However the ring was advertised as 6mm , and falls a full .5 mm shy of the 6mm band I 'm currently wearing .
 I see that this particular music box is currently not available and maybe that is because Crosley realized that they were trying to sell junk at an expensive price . I 'll still post this review , just in case it reappears for sale . The `` faux '' wood of the box had blemishes that would not come off , and the `` canned '' pseudo music box sound was distorted and did not even come close to sounding authentic . I sent it back the same day and I will compliment them on their efficient and fast return/refund policy . In truth however , if this `` music box '' cost me only 10 dollars , then I could have expected no more than what I received , but that is not the case.Avoid at all costs should this product re-enter the marketplace !
 UGLY . the detail is very ugly the coloring is of low quality . the figurines are not proportioned . the kids not on horses are as big as the horses . I did not like it . it was for a present but i could not give it because it was so ugly . The underside of the wooden box is cheap plastic and the music is fuzzy and unclear . It would be more entertaining to burn a 50 dollar bill than to give 50 dollars and own this box
 was very heartbroken with this product to small not a well made at all wish i would have sent it back
 These are well made and very large , but the stones I got are almost colorless ... just a pale , pale smokey color .
 I feel I was riped off because they make you think is a bracelet and it is only a link . it is not worth 12.99
 My husband bought this for me for our anniversary , and it broke the same day . It 's beautiful , but the clasp snapped off after I had been wearing it for only a couple hours . Very disappointing .
 This product is cheap-looking . Like something you might buy at a county fair . My wife wears it occasionally for fun -- but I would n't recommend it .
 The bracelet design is pretty good but the piece I got was damaged .
 While this charm is very beautiful , it is NOT an Italian Charm and will not fit as a link in an Italian Charm bracelet , or even in a normal `` dangle '' charm bracelet . The the picture of this item is decieving .
 The pendant is pretty - if you look at it through a magnifying glass ! I just received it today , and I am thoroughly disappointed . The whole thing is so tiny and the chain downright flimsy , I just know that I will never wear it . So now I have to return it and pay for postage , too - stay away from this item !!!
 Picture looks great ... but not the product itself . Save your money or spend extra few bucks to get a bettr one .
 The size of this thing is miserable , it can barely be seen ! Buyers beware , this pendant is way too small and low quality . Never buy jewelry from amazon !
 You get what you pay for ! the pendent is tiny . i knew that and that is fine . i did n't want a big one . it is beautiful and wears well . the only complaint i have is the chain is too thin . i have to be so very careful because if it gets caught on anything , it will just break . It really does concern me so i will have to buy another one when i find it that i think is more sterdy that wo n't break as easy . do n't expect anything huge !
 I wish that I had paid more attention to the size in the description . It is much smaller than I had hoped for . Considering the `` original '' price , I had expected something a little bigger . I 'll be much more careful in the future .
 Would not recommend getting this . Had to return it .
 The picture you see is slightly decieving . The item is small and the chain is weak . It is worth the $ 49 I paid for it . Not a great deal by any means . If I would have paid the list price , i 'd be talking to Amazons refund dept.
 The image does not at all correspond to the real thing
 I have sent the necklace back several weeks ago and I have not heard a reply , gotten my money back NOTHING !! I would like my money back please !!!
 I hope anyone who buys this knows what .15 total carat weight means . Looks like a pretty enough necklace , though , and good for people are into the shape of the `` journey '' jewelry . Just do n't expect a curvy row of big , shiny diamonds when you order this .
 This locket is absolutely tiny , nearly invisible and could n't possibly accommodate a photo , at least not a photo anyone could see .
 I ordered this toering and was shipped a different one with a lesser value . I called the company direct and they were very helpful in trying to correct the situation , however , they no longer have this particular item in stock . Needless to say I am disappointed . I decided to keep the one they did send and they are supposed to credit my account the difference in the price .
 I love copper and thought these earrings would be special , but they are n't coppery at all . The `` pearl '' is a light orangeish-yellow and not at all what I wanted .
 I purchased this ring during a sale with an additional 40 % off , so I got it for $ 50 . It still was n't worth the money because it 's ungiftable . It 's very pretty at first glance , but a closer look revealed that the accent stones on either side of the center were extremely crooked and randomly sized . A couple of them had visible chips in their highly polished surfaces , easily visible under light . They look like random shards crammed into the setting . It 's quite tacky when you look closely , and I 'm returning it.I was very disappointed , this was supposed to be a Christmas gift and I was looking forward to giving it . The design and center stones are gorgeous , a tiny bit more effort in the manufacture to better match and straighten the accent stones would have made a huge difference in the quality of this ring .
 Unless I 'm suddenly senile ... that 's a Blackhawks logo ...
 was very heartbroken with this product to small not a well made at all wish i would have sent it back
 These earrings are very thin hoops , which I knew from the product description . They are hollow and not polished or shiny . They are very lightweight . It all depends what you are looking for , I guess , as to wether or not these will suit you . I do not prefer dull looking sterling , so these were a disappointment .
 Worst piece of jewelry I 've ever bought . The chain broke the first time I went to put it on .
 And isnt that the truth . My original wedding set was lost on vacation . I am not a big jewelery person anyway , and I dont care to wear diamonds at all . I bought this because it was cheap , pretty , and simple . The engagement ring is well enough , I actually get compliments on it all the time . but the wedding band ring , all the stones are falling out , on all sides , so I cant even turn the bad side underneath my finger . Its atrocious . I appreciate that there are companies out there making things like this for people who can not necessarily afford it . But so much quality is sacrificed . I have to buy another set . But , my shipment came on time , the ordering was hassle free ...
 After looking online at thousands of CZ rings I choose this one because I thought I would like the thinness of the band . I was so disappointed when I opened my package today . My first thought was it looked cheap and fake and almost bubble gum machine looking . The center stone is way too big for me and it sets up really high . I can imagine it knocking into everything and getting in the way . The stones go around the whole band and even with the thinness of the band it 's too wide between the fingers and the stones scratch the inside of each finger touching the ring . This ring will be going back . Beware ... this would be a hard ring to pass off as real looking ! Also the picture of the ring is deceiving ; I think it looks nothing like the picture . Shipping was very quick !
 It was okay but its only finished on one side . Its great for a necklace , not so good as a charm .
 I only own a few pieces of jewelry and was hoping to add this supposedly beautiful piece to my collection as a treat , but the bracelet looks cheap , the pearls fake , uniform , grayer with much less luster than in the picture . The concept was nice , but the actual item does n't showcase it . The cost of shipping was more than the actual item itself and returning it is going to cost me another $ 8.50 so I 'm not going to bother . Do not recommend the item unless you can get it for cheaper than 75 % off and possibly directly at the source so you do n't have to pay for shipping.The items bracelet arrived in small box , a lilac package in a pool of Styrofoam cheetos . Ordered on the 19th , received it on the 22nd so at least it was a speedy delivery especially since it was standard .
 Incredibly weak . Fell off repeatedly . . then finally lost it . Bracelet has several charms but this one is very cheaply made . Incredibly disappointed .
 I ordered this item and when received the item was damaged . Also , the color does not match the pictures . The seller is being very difficult in managing the return . I definitely recommend to avoid this product and this seller .
 Not happy with this purchase . Did not look like the photo . Quality and appearance is disappointing . Not worth the price .
 These earrings are much bigger than they seem and rather clunky and cheap looking . They have a `` made in china '' label engraved on them ! They remind me of something Wilma Flintstone would wear . I have no idea what to do with them ...
 It looks cuter in the picture than in real life . You ca n't quite tell what it is and it does n't look like a violin other than the shape . It might be OK for a small child , but I wo n't wear it . To be fair , the seller I got this from has dozens of other items that are fantastic , just not this one !
 The heart to chainlink solder has already broken once . Because the chain has extra rings for allowing different sizing , I was able to manage a repair myself . However , I do n't expect this ankle chain to last very long given the quality of the materials .
 This cheap thing lasted me less than a month . I remember taking it out during a business meeting and it was rusting , it was so embarrassing I threw the thing out .
 Este porta tarjeta es demasiado caro para lo que vale , ya que su fabricacion es china . No es de plata esterlina ni nada parecido , simplemente es laton pulido . Yo pienso que su verdadero valor no deber rondar mas de 2 o 3 dolares americano . No aconsejo que inviertan su dinero en un porta-tarjeta que muy bien puede conseguirse por mucho menos . No hagan rico a sus vendedores por una baratija que no vale la pena .
 I purchased these earrings to match jewelery I bought while in the Caribbean . The first pair had a defective back and the store replaced them literally overnight . That 's service ! They are pretty little earrings . Unfortunately , over a few months time the metal on the earrings turned a dark color and no longer look like rose gold . `` I guess you get what you pay for ! ''
 Well , I would like to rate my purchase but I have yet to receive it . After several attempts to find out when I may receive the ring that I ordered on March 11 , 2007 , I still have had NO answers . I have never been so disgusted with customer service as I am right now . If I ever receive my ring , I will rate it !!!! Terrible ... that about sums it up !!!!!
 The necklace broke after just one wearing . It snagged on something & then the thin plastic holding the necklace together just snapped . I 'm really disappointed , because the necklace was otherwise beautiful .
 the silver on the necklace turned black for some odd reason ... so now it is a black necklace .
 It arrived quickly which was nice , but again , it 's small and not what I expected . certainly NOT worth 20 dollars .
 It tarnished quickly , cleaned poorly . After a month i threw it away . Its a waste of money .
 Very disappointed it took 4 days to receive my email that the item is out of stock . I would not recommend this dealer . The item should never have been listed for sale and/or I should have been notified in less than 24 hours if it was unavailable .
 I own both the starter bracelet and necklace that I bought at the Juicy Couture store . Since it is only gold plated the gold color strips and chips away with normal wear leaving your bracelet looking cheap as it reveals the brass underneath . If you get anything with rinestones , the rinestones may fall out -LRB- mostly on the charms -RRB- . I do like them , and everywhere I go people always compliment me on them , even if they do n't know about Juicy . I would say , they are cute and you can buy them , but do n't expect them too last too long . The very best Juicy Couture jewelry to buy is the sterling silver but the prices are significantly higher . For a charm that in gold plating costs 40 , the same one in sterling silver can be 150 ! My sister just received a sterling necklace that costs about 300 ! So spending about 30 to 60 on the starter gold plated necklace and bracelet and charms , is not too bad -LRB- although the charms are more expensive , but the bracelet and necklace look really nice without them -RRB- . The best things to buy at Juicy are the tracksuits , purses , and t-shirts . Be careful with jewelry and even some of their shoes . So in closing , I love everything at Juicy , you feel like a princess when you wear anything from there , just do n't expect their lower end jewelry to last in the same state you bought it in for very long . Definitely do n't wear in the shower , pool , things like that to extend the life of it . And if you can afford the sterling silver , -LRB- as they do n't have solid gold -RRB- jewelry , then that would be your best bet . Hope this helps ! : -RRB-
 Bought this bracelet as a xmas gift for my daughter . The gold tone was visibly wearing within the first 2 days she owned the product . She did not shower or sleep with the bracelet . After one week the bracelet looked horrible and my daughter no longer wears it . No response from seller .
 Do n't pay for this . Looks good for the first wear and then changes . I even stored mine in the box in my vault with my really expensive jewellery . Sorry I did because it started to strip after only one wear :--LRB- ... total waste of my $ 138
 I 've never been so disappointed with a purchase before , especially given the relatively high price tag and LOW quality . I 've bought $ 10 bracelets from Target that have lasted longer and held up better . Juicy Couture jewelry is terrible.I bought the gold starter bracelet because I wanted to wear a specific charm -LRB- the corgi one -RRB- . After ONE wear , the gold color rubbed off from both the bracelet and part of the charm . Any part of the bracelet and charm that came into contact with my skin lost color and became a dull silver . I contacted the seller and was told `` it 's not real gold '' -LRB- well DUH !! -RRB- and that there was nothing they could do about it . Because I was starting to wonder if this was a genuine Juicy Couture item , I brought it to a store and they basically said the same thing and added that it probably came off because I was wearing lotion . . ?? What girl does n't wear moisturizer ? Nice of them to blame the customer for their crappy quality . -LRB- Terrible customer service at the store , btw . -RRB- The good : - Looks cute ... The bad : - Color came off after ONE wearing . - Expensive for the quality . - EXTREMELY poor quality.This was a BIG WASTE OF MONEY . I should have spent the money on real gold or silver jewelry . Lesson learned . Never buy their overpriced , poor quality `` jewelry '' again .
 first picture does not match the second . the second is taken from the actual website . visibly poor quality , yet costs as much as the real thing . might as well purchase from Juicy online .
 It tarnished quickly , cleaned poorly . After a month i threw it away . Its a waste of money .
 I ordered this 24 inch 2.5 mm necklace and received a 26 inch 1.5 mm necklace and had to return it . The weight of this necklace is said by Amazon to weigh 6.2 grams , but a sterling silver necklace of this length and thickness should weigh around 10 grams . Be sure to measure the width of your necklace it could be wrong !
 abosolutley tiny . could n't fit a doll . expensive including all the shipping . Looks nothing like its picture
 The band really looks like plastic . It is also too bulky to wear and my finger was at a weird angle cos its so thick .
 When I saw so many people giving this ring such a positive review I was estatic because it looked so pretty online . I rushed to purchase it and was extremely disappointed with the product I recieved . The ring is not portrayed correctly in the pictureand is very misleading.I am majorly disappointed with my purchase and regret my haste . The ring basically looks colorless -LRB- translucent -RRB- and does not feel like stone , rather it feels like a piece of great plastic that is engulfing your finger . I certaintly do not recommend this product at all .
 I bought this ring to replace one my girlfriend had lost that had sentimental value . Looked great in the picture but when I got it , it had a big chip missing that was just smoothed over . The ring was n't even circular !!! Some areas were thicker that others . I was going to send it back but between return shipping and getting a new one , it was n't even worth it . I went with another company . I would avoid this company . Clearly no quality control .
 Unfortunately it was n't what I was expecting . I 'm not a fan of chokers that are set on memory wire . Very pretty but uncomfortable to wear . Elastic string would have been much better .
 The necklace was pretty but it broke the first day I wore it . The beads started falling everywhere . Had I not been home I would not have been able to recover them all . I was able to use super glue to fix it but I was disappointed at the quality .
 I have a moissanite ... SO beautiful . A huge piece chipped off in less than 1 year , although my diamond -LRB- similar wear and tear -RRB- lasted 18 years with nary a scratch . I thought moissanites were supposed to be hard ! But apparently that 's different from shatter-proof : -LRB-
 I really was hoping this ring would look similar to a diamond but when I got it , right away I could tell it was n't even close . Then I put it up against a real diamond and two cubic zirconia rings and it absolutely looks more like a CZ than anything else . I bought this ring based on the other two good reviews but I have to disagree , this ring is a disappointment . Save your money and just buy a CZ or spend more and buy the real thing .
 I ordered this belly ring and when i got it was surprised . A -RRB- because the top flower is much larger than i had expected , -LRB- still cute -RRB- just very gaudy ... i would only wear it for a party or something . B -RRB- i was mad because it was a dud !!! it didnt work ... it was Broken ... it is supposed to be a top mount belly ring ... it was shipped in two seperate pieces and the ball screwed onto one end and it seems like the flower should screw onto the other ... but it doesnt !!! im trying to return it !! i did like the other belly ring i got from body candy tho !! the one that was n't broken ... . n e one else have a similar experience ?
 I have a moissanite ... SO beautiful . A huge piece chipped off in less than 1 year , although my diamond -LRB- similar wear and tear -RRB- lasted 18 years with nary a scratch . I thought moissanites were supposed to be hard ! But apparently that 's different from shatter-proof : -LRB-
 I really was hoping this ring would look similar to a diamond but when I got it , right away I could tell it was n't even close . Then I put it up against a real diamond and two cubic zirconia rings and it absolutely looks more like a CZ than anything else . I bought this ring based on the other two good reviews but I have to disagree , this ring is a disappointment . Save your money and just buy a CZ or spend more and buy the real thing .
 I bought this item a while ago . When I received the package , it 's not shiny or polished . It looks dull . The charms are simply too flimsy to be worn for any extended period of time . Overall , it 's a major disappointment .
 I was really excited to see this product at a low price , so I ordered it immediately . I got an email shortly after asking if I wanted to get another item instead of this one . I said `` no '' and ended up just getting a refund . Major bummer :--LRB- I was lucky it was one of the few things in my big order that was for myself and not a Christmas gift . Otherwise I would have been screwed .
 This ring looks gorgeous but because it sticks up it gets caught on everything . It is not worth the problems of wearing it . If you are someone who does n't do anything or does n't have to reach into a pocket book for anything you will be fine . Like I said looks great but cumbersome to wear .
 I hoard unique jewelery so naturally this was right up my alley . I tried it on when it came in the mail and it fit fine . I went to wear it yesterday for the first time and it broke right in the middle -LRB- just opposite the adjustable part -RRB- I was really upset ! I guess because it 's adjustable it ca n't take that much tension and it snapped . I LOVE the way it looks so I am going to try and melt it back together but I would have definitely returned it if the return shipping was n't so ridiculous . SAD = -LSB-
 This necklace looked like a cheap piece of bad costume jewelry . Not the $ 29 price tag for sure . I do n't recommend it to anyone .
 Would not suggest this to anyone . Much smaller than anticipated and is not worth the price or time it took to receive it . Also it came in a plastic bag with no box .
 The pendant looks really cheap even comparing with other cheap diamond silver jewelery . The chain is not shiny looks oxidized . If you were able to see the diamonds you 'll find them opaque , dark colored , does not sparkle at all and some of them are broken . The packaging is the only good thing . I would not recommend it .
 i was very up-set it 's called a keepsake box it 's not that 's a lie it 's a plake a little tiny one it 's nothing like i wanted and all they could say was i 'm sorry but it is what it is crazy
 Pretty Ring but 3 seconds after opening my package I noticed a stone was missing . Killed it for me . Also , it did n't look as real as I had hoped it would be based off of other reviews ...
 Come on this ring it 's so cheap my wife broke it on the first day it 's light and it does n't look like a real ring stay away from this one
 I bought three of these necklaces for my bridesmaids and returned them the day after they were delivered . The beads were so small that you could hardly tell what color they were ! I was extremely disappointed .
 The necklace is so short it barely fits around your neck and feels like its going to choke you . If it was an inch longer it would be much better . The color and style are very attractive but just too small . I gave it to my 11 year old neice and it fits her fine .
 I would love to buy this pendant , but have no idea as to the length of it . If it was added , it would influence a purchase from me . Thank you .
 This was my first experience buying diamonds and i really had no idea how small the diamonds were on this necklace . The biggest one is almost an sixteenth of an inch but not quite . Also , the weight or something was off in the diamonds so it turned and it always lays on its side , so the diamonds do n't even show . I returned it
 I must say that the only thing good about buying this ring was the fast service . I ordered it friday and received it the following monday . But it is NOT a true sterling silver ring . This ring left a greenish black mark on my finger . True sterling silver does not do that.And I only had it on for about two hours.I would not recommend this ring .
 Shipping was lightning fast . The price was right . Unfortunately , I got what I paid for . The pendant arrived with a small flaw on the bottom front side . Since I bought it last minute I did n't have time to return it , but the finish was done poorly . I would n't purchase from this company again unless I had tons of time to ensure it was done correctly .
 This is so tiny that it is difficult to read JESUS in the center . If you are looking for TINY , this is it , however if you want it to witness or to catch someones attention you may want to go bigger .
 So so so !!! very disappointing . I threw it away . The glove looked like someone had smashed it . No wait , it look like something a 3rd grader made at school . Totally waste of my money . I would have been embarrassed to give this to my fiance as a get . Who is a big time Rocky Fan . He would have looked at me , like I knew nothing at all . Do not get this for anyone .
 the chain is poor quality and the pendant is not the same as in the movie . the pendant fell off the chain multiple times . Unsatisfied !!!
 This was a cheap piece of junk . The kind of thing you find in toy machine dispensers at supermarkets . The chain was to small and flimsey and this was not an exact replica . As a big ROCKY fan i was really looking forward to this , my disapointment was big enough to give this review to help people save a waste of 20 bucks . Do n't Buy This ... trust me .
 hey guyz , please do not buy this item its just a waste a money as the pendant and the chain after you wear it for 2 days will completly turn black i am very disappointed with the seller and i do not recommend this product to any one people who are looking forward to buy this will just waste their hard earned money !!
 It &#8217; s not good at all , it flat which makes it look ridicules , and its printed on it title for no reason , I won &#8217; t ever recommend it
 this was the worst thing i have ever bought and unfortunately it was bought as a gift , one that i was completely embarrassed to see once it was opened , it was not at all like the picture makes it look .
 very bulky and cheep . smaller would have been better . it was slow coming 2 weeks is too long . it does not look like the picture
 I received the necklace in a timely fashion and it was not expensive , but the necklace I received did not look anything like the photo of the necklace I thought I was buying . It was green and white stones not brown tiger eye stone . I do n't have the time to spend sending it back , so sadly I will never order anything from Amazon again since it was quite disappointing to receive something I did not really order .
 I bought this necklace the day before Christmas Eve fully anticipating it 's eventual demise at the hands of my curious five month old son . What I did not anticipate was after the second time wearing it , without my son having a chance to break it , it completely broke on it 's own when I went to take it off . This was either due to equipment malfunction that went unnoticed or a disgusting display of poor workmanship . Whichever the reason I would not recommend this product to prospective buyers .
 Warning !!! The picture and the actual product is totally different . The pendant in the picture shows depth and quality of the silver , but when I ordered it , it was nothing but a very thin faux replica and the extremely flimsy piece that connects the pendant to the necklace can break allowing you to loose the pendant . I am dissappointingly returning my necklace .
 The ring was not the one pictured and described . Instead , the designs were very poorly stamped and the ring was not neatly sautered , plus it did n't have the antiqued effect . I had to pay money to get and then return this misleading product .
 baught this as a xmas present , might as well have just waited until i opened my xmas cracker and giving them what ever fell out
 After reading the glowing reviews for these earrings I ordered a pair as a gift for a friend . When it arrived opened the box to find the earrings in a plastic jewelry bag - they looked dull and something that could be easily made by my teenage daughter . I held them up to the sunlight -LRB- out of the bag -RRB- and yes , the crystals change color as expected , but at least the pair I received , are not Swarovski quality and lack the brilliance in color I was hoping to see in this item.On the good side - they are not overly expensive . Honestly though , I think they probably cost no more than seven dollars to make -LRB- having looked at jewelry making stuff in craft stores ... -RRB- . The packaging is your basic silver cardboard jewelry box for earrings with a piece of cotton batting in it . The earrings are in a small plastic jewelry bag , and the box is inside a plastic bag for shipping.They probably would appeal to some , but for me , they are a a 5 out of 10 in terms of overall value , look and quality . If I did n't need them as a gift ` right now ' - I 'd return them .
 I purchased one pair of these earrings in May . At first theylooked so pretty and sparkled . In August , I ordered a second pairfor a friend . I noticed when I received her pair they were a shinysilver and have stayed that way . The silver on my pair is a lightgrey and the settings now turn my ear lobes black . I know I storedmy pair correctly . I got nowhere emailing customer service at GemAvenue . I now own a pair of earrings I can not wear .
 Beware that 2 sides of that cube are tinted . There is a metal-like coating that creates that rainbow sparkle , and it makes the earrings look plastic and cheap.Other than that , they are well-designed .
 THEY ARE VERY LONG . . DID N'T REALIZE IT WHEN I ORDERED THEM . . AND THE SILVER DISK IS VERY CHEAP LOOKING . . ALMOST JUNK JEWELRY LOOKING . .
 Item did not look like the picture . The photo showed the gold with a nice shine , diamond cut . The item arrived as a dulled gold . The item was a gift , I had no time to return . Will not purchase from seller again
 I bought this for my boyfriend , because he loves turtles . It is a unique piece and I like the creativity that went into it . However , the size is so small . It truly would be beautiful if it was n't so small and it 's my fault for not reading . It 's a shame though that pictures of items sold online are enlarged to look bigger . The title on this should be
 This product is too small , maybe it is nice for a young kid but not for and older person to tiny .
 so small a child couldnt even wear these . unable to open the clasp they were so small . Dont do it !!
 PLEASE do n't buy these earrings , thought they are the perfect size for stacking them all the way up your ears they are junk , they break as soon as you get them or they wont close right . very pretty but not even worth $ 2.00 !!
 The construction of these earrings is very nice -- but the pearls are not at all attractive . They look sort of like slightly lumpy brown Smarties candies . The iridescence , color and smooth surface shown in the picture are unfortunately not accurate . I am returning them .
 The earrings do not look at all like the photo . In fact , they did n't even match each other ! The surface was rough and the color is a muddy mess . I am returning them and would strongly advise anyone considering ordering to pass them by . I am quite disappointed .
 The bracelet actually measures about 7-7 .5 '' closed . The clasp bends very easily , and the `` bar '' it clicks onto is actually an extremely thin strand of metal . I suspect it 'll break within a week or so.Unfortunately , I bought this for my husband a couple days more than a month before Valentine 's Day - it ca n't be returned.Ah well . At least it was n't outrageously expensive . But save yourself the angst - do n't buy it .
 The charm I ordered is ridiculously small and the name `` Julie '' is n't even centered properly on it and is written extremely small and seems prone to fading away . I am totally unsatisfied with this and the title of the item itself is DECEPTIVE by including `` Italian Bracelet '' when its really just a charm about 1/5 of an inch in diameter . This is a complete waste of time and money . 1/10 .
 I bought this ring to replace one I lost , I was very excited to find one so similar . Unfortunately , the metal of the frog 's leg seems to be more pliant than my old one because it lifts up with normal wear . As it lifts up , it is more likely to catch on items and people . It is difficult to wear this ring as often as I would like .
 This earring is just a wisp of a thing . I was hoping for something a little more substantial . Also , the clasp is very delicate .
 Earring were not strong at all . I would not recommend the purchase of this product . They are stylish for a younger girl .
 The information shows this bracelet weighs 14.5 pounds . I find that incredible and bet it 's a mistake . I would not want to order and try to wear a bracelet that heavy !! Flo Philips
 I purchased a pair of hoop earrings and knowing that they were not expensive ; but I truly expected more than what I purchased . The wires were broken when I opened them when taking them from the package and I ended up tossing them away . What irritated me the most is that the cost of mailing was more then the earrings . When I received the package I noticed that the return address came from only 40 miles from my address . The company charged over $ 5 to ship these tiny little earrings that they could have just dropped in a reguar envelope and sent using regular postage . I really feel ripped off and wo n't purchase from this company again !
 Good - nice band , no scratches , feels heavy.Bad - Cloudy white diamonds , one had a big black speck , not even close to clear diamonds ... When they say `` white diamonds '' that is precisely what they mean . The description of the diamonds -LRB- H-I color and I2 clarity -RRB- is accurate in the ad , the photo -LRB- I feel -RRB- showed clear diamonds and was not accurate . If you are looking to impress anyone who knows anything about diamonds go to a real jeweler and spend the bucks.I am using this as an everyday wedding band to `` replace '' my original wedding set . My engagement ring use to catch on everything and this one does not . Now I can put my hand in my pocket without it snagging on the flap for instance . As a lefty the bulky wedding set was a nuisance.This is a good item for everyday wear . I do n't have to worry if I lose it or damage it because it was so inexpensive . Basically , I calculated the value of the gold -LRB- I figured the diamonds as worthless -RRB- and the price -LRB- on special sale -RRB- was less then that so I really could n't go wrong here.Additionally , if the seller does n't provide the weight of the gold -LRB- without the gems -RRB- , karat -LRB- 10,14,18 -RRB- , and the minimum clarity and color of the diamonds DO N'T BUY it . You 're asking to be ripped off . Amazon is usually good about providing that information .
 I have not yet been able to fasten these things while they are in my ears . They are not useful to me at all .
 While these earrings are beautiful , they are way too small for human ears ... maybe im exaggerating . . , they would fit a baby . The detail is hard to see because of the size , and like another reviewer , mine were also bent . I gave two stars because they are nice , so if you want really small studs , then they might be right for you .
 These are very small and were badly bent on arrival . I was able to fix them , but I 'm not happy with them . They were intended as a gift , now I 'm not sure .
 In the picture it looks real nice but when it arrives it looks and feels just like a plastic necklace you would get out of a 25 cent machine . Its `` high polish '' is scratched up and the way it 's made it comes with a fairly large hole in the top and bottom of the cross . It is a piece of junk and not worth the money . Oh and by the way they wo n't pick up the shipping cost for me to return it so I just lost $ 10 on this crappy necklace .
 I ordered this as a birthday present and read previous reviews . They were mixed , but the description sounded like the earrings would suit my needs and would come in a box . I received them in a plastic baggy that I almost overlooked in the shipping box . They looked very chintzy and I returned them immediately . I 've always had good luck ordering from Amazon , just not this time .
 The back screw of the left earring was defected , I tried to fix it and the next day it fell off my ear and could never find it again , so now I am left with the right one only.I do n't recommend anyone to buy these earrings at all .
 I got this item , but I realized that it looks like a dull blue plastic bead . No one could have guessed it 's a semi-precious stone . It looks more like a child 's play jewelry . I returned it the very next day .
 While the stones of these earring are beautiful and the quality good , the posts of the earrings are too thick for a normal pierced ear , causing discomfort , which makes these earrings unwearable .
 the earings are beautiful and attractive , but i can wear it because the posts are too thick . my ear got bleeding when try to put it in .
 From the image it looks like a nice brushed silver cross . however , it came welded together on the sides , and weighed less than a sunflower seed . I am so disappointed in the seller 's integrity for placing this as a cross someone would wear . It was unbelievable to see . I immediately returned it requesting full refund , including my shipping due to the absolute poor workmanship . The welding work had a gap in the side ! Unfortunately , the seller did not return my shipping . Hence , I am out the shipping to get it and the shipping to return it.BUYER BEWARE .
 The chain and medallion are way to small you can barely see the medallion when you have it on
 When view in person , this pendant looks cheap and poorly-made . It would be best suited as toy jewelry for very young kids to play with .
 I received my earrings in a timely manner , however , the packaging was not secure enough to prevent the earrings from arriving with scratches . Not only that , but the image is deceiving . I did n't anticipate these earrings being so large ! I felt like I was transported back to the 80 's !! The design is pretty , but the clasp makes the earring pretty difficult to easily secure . Not a good choice .
 I was very disappointed with this purchase . The actual item does not look as good as the photograph . It was definitely not worth the money spent for it and was very `` cheap '' looking . I 'm sorry I wasted my money . I will not purchase from this vendor again .
 If I could I would have returned it , but I did not bother because I only paid $ 10 . It is a huge brooch . The picture is misleading . If you like big brooches , then go for it
 Item arrived in a timely matter however upon opening the iten I discovered that it was not of the quality I had hoped for . It 's a lot lighter than expected and is not solid in the back . It feels almost like it 's plastic .
 I purchased these earrings because I liked the look of the ornamental part , and for an inexpensive , everyday earring they do not dissapoint in this regard . However , the through-the-hole-leverback part is made for a GIANT . The hook is way too large and about twice as long as it should be , and this makes the entire earring unwearable . I am extremely disappointed . Take this into consideration before you make this purchase .
 I was impressed with product description and review given on Amazon . But when this ear-rings arrived , was disappointed because the stones were not same size and shape . It is waste of money and time to buy this ear-rings . Will never buy jewelry again online .
 This was not an Amazon-shipped product.The reason for the 1 star is that I never received the product.The vendor to which I was referred by Amazon did not pack the correct item and , accordingly , the item received was not the item ordered.When the vendor was contacted after receiving the item , the product was no longer available and the vendor did not volunteer to back order the product.To the vendor 's credit , however , the item was able to be returned at no cost to me and my account was credited back for the purchase .
 The actual pin looks sort of like the picture , but more like something you 'd find in a dollar store . The `` coral '' roses are glued in different positions , looks like it was put together cheaply . Also comes in cheap box . Inside the box the pin is in a bag with `` Made in Korea '' in big letters . Although I was n't expecting fine jewelery , I 'd be embarrassed to give this as a gift .
 The picture of this necklace is deceiving . It is not nearly as nice as it looks . I also had requested the item be sent directly to the recipient . Instead the company did n't heed my request but sent it to me , the purchaser . So I incurred shipping costs twice ! Not happy at all with this item nor with the company -LRB- Bealls , FL -RRB- that sells it .
 A pretty bracelet and lightweight , but there was a kink in it right out of the box and part of the stamped design was missing . It was n't as flexible as I like .
 The charm is very small , from a 2-3 foot distance , you could not tell it is hockey sticks . You have to be quite close to see what it is . I paid too much for this item .
 I bought this item for a gift and the Amazon pic did it no justice . It looked like a piece of plastic that came from a bubble gum machine . The only nice thing I would say is it 's size and the price . Just wish it looked like the pic instead .
 I 'm very disappointed with this pentacle , it said small but I did not know it was that small , I was at least expecting the size of a dime or quarter , seriously who is supposed to wear a pendant that small a doll ? . a complete waste of money .
 I am very disappointed with these earrings . The color is NOTHING like the picture . These earrings are very dull and very , very dark -LRB- almost black -RRB- . No blue at all that I can see . I have since read that this dark color is the least valuable color in sapphires . Not worth the money .
 The rings look absolutely awesome . Unfortunately they do n't like my skin . They bleed out on my skin . Because of that I ca n't give them a great score .
 It is a lot bigger than what I thought . The pendant is about an inch long . Way too big for my liking . -LRB- That is NOT what she said ... LOL -RRB-
 The product is nice , but notice how there is no mention of the size . The size of this pendant is a little bigger than a pencil eraser . I would say its more the size of a charm than a pendant . Delivery was fast . Price IMHO , is overpriced for what you get .
 Please do not buy this ring . It is much lighter than it is in the picture , and actually looks yellow instead of the gold color that it should be . In person , this ring looks very cheap and is smaller than in the picture . Trust me , do not buy this ring .
 Shipping was quick and it was packaged in cute little round ring box with green bow.However , the color of the stone is a light yellow , not the honey champagne color depicted on the webpage . The size 5 I ordered is more like a 6.5 , way too big ! It 's too expensive to return because of shipping costs.Very disappointed .
 The setting was bent , the stone was cocked / crooked at a funny angle , it just appeared cheap -LRB- yes I know it is cheap -RRB- but I expected more for $ 20 sumthin ... but I am going to try them again and order synthetic citrine earrings , I love gemstones and do n't mind fakes , as long as they look like quality .
 The pendent was much larger than I expected it to be , and therefore makes for an awkward combination with the hemp . The `` clasp , '' as the other reviewers noted , is a real pain . It 's not just a tie ; it includes two separate , three-strand pieces one one side , and a small loop on the other . It 's nearly impossible to push the six strands through the loop when you 're holding the necklace in your hand , let alone when it 's around your neck .
 I wish I had given more credibility to the negative reviews . Frankly , I do n't understand how there ecould be so many positive reviews . It 's an ok chain - if you want to wear it by itself . But it 's not good for pendants , as advertised . It remains perfectly stiff and oval shaped when worn - even a large pendant does n't pull the chain down as a pendant normally does . I 'm returning it .
 This necklace is like a strong circle of silver . there was almostno bend to it at all and it was not fluid .
 This is NOT a chain necklace . If you buy this product you will get an 18 '' long , 1.26 mm diameter tube with tiny notches along its surface . The `` strong lobster clasp '' looks like it 's made of cheap plastic .
 This item looked just as described when it arrived . It worried me that the chain seemed cheap so I replaced it with a silver chain I had and was pretty happy with it . But a few weeks later I looked down to see the pearl had come loose from it 's stem and there was only a stem hanging from the pendant clasp . So if you only want to wear it for a few weeks this is a good purchase . If you want it to last I would suggest you look elsewhere .
 These earrings are pretty but the weight of the heart is more than the weight of the chain , so they will not stay in the ear . Normally threaders have a stabilizer in the middle of the chain to help it sit right , these do not and they slip right out within a minute . I am sending them back .
 14K Gold Dangling Spiral Threader EarringsWhere are the earrings?I 've payed them but I never got them !!! They were an gift for xmas , for our grandma !! I want this earrings !!! OR you must booked back on our credit card.I find it not good , because I bought them , the shipping would be at the 4.12.07 , and they never arrived !! Claudia Schunk
 Bought my wife this charm for a stuffer . Not only does it looks cheap but the pearl came off the pendant and the chain is as thin as my hair.Find another pearl !
 I gave this product only 2 stars , because it wasn &#8217; t that good as it was described here . on the photo brooch has bright colours , but when I received the product I was really disappointed.colours were very poor . moreover the brooch has crack . for product , that is absolutely ordinary -LRB- no gold , no silver , no gemstones -RRB- and has visible defect , 78 dollars are more than expensive .
 This is the first time I buy jewelry online and I probably will never do it again if the item includes any diamonds or other stones -LRB- unless I am dealing with reputable companies/brands -RRB- . The reason being that diamonds -LRB- I feel -RRB- you have to judge in person . I bought this as a gift for my sister and had shopped around in regular jewelry stores before I decided to buy these earrings . I decided to buy these because it seemed like a really good deal compared to what I saw in jewelry stores . For the same amount of diamonds -LRB- 1 carat -RRB- you have to at least pay double in stores , the quality of the diamonds where however not good.My detailed opinion : Diamonds : First of all , one diamond was missing when it arrived so of course I have to send it back . I am surprised that they do not make sure the product is not defect before they ship it -LRB- the missing diamond was not loose in the box either so it can not have fallen out during shipping -RRB- . Second , the quality of the diamonds is really low . I see that the review above raves about the sparkle and it is possible that the quality varies from pair to pair but if that is the case I was not lucky with the pair I received . About a couple of diamonds on each is actually clear , the rest is either whitish-cloudy or gray which does not give the earring a uniform appearance . On closer inspection I can see that many of the diamonds -LRB- around 15-20 % -RRB- have indentations on the top surface . It looks like they have not been cut properly . I will definitely go back to jewelry store and buy a pair with smaller amount of diamonds for similar price because even with less diamonds they look much nicer . I guess I should have known that less -LRB- amount of diamonds -RRB- sometimes is more and less -LRB- price wise -RRB- is not always more . ; - -RRB- The design and craftsmanship of the gold part of the earrings : They are very cute and nicely made . The quality of the gold and how it is made looks high-end . The hinge is practically seamless and it seems to close securely on the ear . The size is perfect on the ear and if it were not for the issues with the diamonds I would have loved them.The jewelry box -LRB- info for those who are buying a gift and wants to know -RRB- : The box on a scale from 1-10 is a 6-7 . The box is nice and big and is blue -LRB- top and bottom -RRB- and yellow -LRB- sides -RRB- patterned faux leather on the outside and white soft faux leather on the inside . The box for some reason has a gold R on the outside but Netaya printed on the inside of the lid -LRB- this part looks a little cheap because it is a badly glued on sateen fabric piece with some loose threads and slightly wrinkled -RRB- . Shipping : It arrived on time and well packaged . Now that I 'll have to return it I hope that they will refund me the money I 'll have to pay for mailing it back since it was a defect pair of earrings.Will I buy from Netaya again?Probably , if I am looking to buy gold or silver jewelry without stones and if the return of the merchandise and refund goes smoothly.Hope you found this review helpful . Good luck jewelry shopping !
 earrings shown as large hoops . Earrings were medium at best.Very disappointed . Picture is not a true representation of size .
 Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up . I called Customer Service , Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days . Well , it has been a week and I still have n't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K -LRB- because we were desperate . Our wedding is the following week ! -RRB- My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart . We have to pay $ 12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again ... they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon ! You had lost a valuable customer .
 Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up . I called Customer Service , Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days . Well , it has been a week and I still have n't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K -LRB- because we were desperate . Our wedding is the following week ! -RRB- My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart . We have to pay $ 12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again ... they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon ! You had lost a valuable customer .
 Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up . I called Customer Service , Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days . Well , it has been a week and I still have n't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K -LRB- because we were desperate . Our wedding is the following week ! -RRB- My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart . We have to pay $ 12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again ... they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon ! You had lost a valuable customer .
 we ordered this ring for our 14 yr old who is big on lizards . when received it was well-packaged but sadly the ring was warped and very , very poorly made . The image shows a dark gray sort of ribbed background ; in the image the eyes are defined . The actual ring is nothing like the image . The eyes are not even there and the dark gray background is smooth instead of ridged . We may have accepted the ring if it was n't warped but even then we were greatly disappointed . When returned , we were NOT FULLY REIMBURSED . So we did n't have a ring and actually lost money . Do n't buy this ring . You 'll be disappointed too .
 I ordered this ring based on the photos , thinking that the stone would be a rich royal blue . When I received it , the stone was very dark , almost black . The photo also makes the gold look thick and substantial . The metal is so thin that I thought I was going to bend it by just trying it on . It 's a very delicate ring , and not at all what I was expecting . I was surprised because I had ordered a ring from the amazon collection about a month ago , and was very pleased with the quality , so I came to trust that most anything from that particular collection would please me . I sent it back the same day I received it . I can see it being a value for its price , and you probably ca n't find much better in that range - I think I 'm reacting more to the disparity between the pictures and the actual product .
 The flag on a 8th note is supposed to go to the right , not to the left , I did not notice this at first because in the mirror it looks right , but one of my musician friends pointed it out then I felt like an idiot , which is too bad , because I loved these earrings , but now I feel stupid wearing them knowing that the flag is pointing in the wrong direction .
 The screwback on these earrings is not for everyone . They are very uncomfortable and difficult to put on . The earrings are well made and the stones were beautiful , but unfortunately , while they were nice to look at , they were unwearable .
 I was thoroughly disappointed with the lack of quality on this time . Within less than 3 weeks of wearing the ring , one of the CZ stones already fell out of its setting . Prior to that , I noticed that within the 1st week of wearing the ring , some of the stones were already loose within their settings .
 Within a week of wearing the ring the biggest stone fell out . Was really disappointed because for the price the ring looked pretty good .
 For $ 19.49 , you get that much quality ... basically none . And Jessica is only trying to make more and more money with cheap rings . Save you money until you can buy a more decent ring that looks a lot better .
 Although this ring is very pretty on screen ~ Buyer Beware ! In person it is cheap looking and a couple of the stones are crooked , I have not bothered to send it back ~ not worth the aggravation ~ my 9 yr old uses it to play dress-up -LRB- she has better looking dress-up rings in her collection - need I say more ! -RRB-
 Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up . I called Customer Service , Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days . Well , it has been a week and I still have n't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K -LRB- because we were desperate . Our wedding is the following week ! -RRB- My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart . We have to pay $ 12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again ... they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon ! You had lost a valuable customer .
 I also have the earrings to match , however the pendant is peeling which is not very attractive ...
 My wife added this to her wish list when the description said it was an urn charm . Ordered it for her from her wish list and now it does n't say anything about it being an urn charm . She likes it but was expecting something else .
 Item purchased on July 10 , 2012 , by November 28 , 2012 it had broken ... GEM AVENUE will NOT honor cheap quality product ... DO NOT BUY from GEM AVENUE as they are more interested in the money ; NOT the customer ...
 Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up . I called Customer Service , Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days . Well , it has been a week and I still have n't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K -LRB- because we were desperate . Our wedding is the following week ! -RRB- My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart . We have to pay $ 12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again ... they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon ! You had lost a valuable customer .
 Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up . I called Customer Service , Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days . Well , it has been a week and I still have n't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K -LRB- because we were desperate . Our wedding is the following week ! -RRB- My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart . We have to pay $ 12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again ... they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon ! You had lost a valuable customer .
 Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up . I called Customer Service , Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days . Well , it has been a week and I still have n't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K -LRB- because we were desperate . Our wedding is the following week ! -RRB- My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart . We have to pay $ 12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again ... they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon ! You had lost a valuable customer .
 These earrings were the perfect size , unfortunately , the colors were so pale it was hard to tell one color from another . I returned them .
 I returned the pearl earings . They were of very poor quality . The colors were not pretty and the shapes were not even .
 Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up . I called Customer Service , Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days . Well , it has been a week and I still have n't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K -LRB- because we were desperate . Our wedding is the following week ! -RRB- My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart . We have to pay $ 12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again ... they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon ! You had lost a valuable customer .
 Silverspeck sent me the wrong item twice , first with silver clasps , then with gold plated silver -LRB- stamped 925 -RRB- . Do n't buy this .
 I had to return this one . The picture looks much nicer , but the actual bracelet looks very dull . It is too tight .
 When I ordered this I was really excited to get it because the picture is so beautful . when I got it I was really disapointed , the translusent delicate quality it has in the picture is an illution , it looks chunky and ugly in real life
 When I looked at the bracelet on line it looked much better that what I received . pearls and that kind of stretch bracelet do not work well together at all . I gave it away
 Where is the certificate ? I am not very happy with my purchase here . For $ 500 I would expect a nicer box and a certificate . Overall the diamonds do look nice .
 I rely heavily on customer reviews when making a purchase and I normally do n't create my own review unless I have something add that others missed or if I had a different experience from the common trends . I thought I knew what I was getting from this purchase but I was wrong.First , the stones did not match ! One was a brilliant , near colorless gem . I was actually very surprised how nice it looked even though I had ordered an I-J color diamond . The second , not so nice . It was clearly yellow and not even a close match . It makes you wonder how someone could even pair the two together it was that obvious . If that was n't bad enough , upon closer inspection you could see that the cut/design did not match either . The pattern was again , clearly different . To top it all off , we had to take a pressure backing from another earring and use it on this pair since the one that came with the diamonds did not have enough friction to hold on to the stud ! This could have been a disaster considering that the reason I bought these was to replace the other stud that my wife lost due to a poor backing.I give this a two star rating because the first diamond exceeded my expectations for color and clarity . This makes me hopeful that their can be someone out there that will be the happy recipient of a stunning pair of diamond studs.All in all , my experience was horrible . I 've never had any issues with items from Amazon and do n't think I will in the future , however , this is probably my first and last jewelry purchase from Amazon .
 I bought these for my wife for Valentine 's day . I gave them to her in the morning and she wore them to work . One of the backs came off -LRB- and is now lost -RRB- and she nearly lost one of the earrings before lunch of the same day .
 I ordered these for my girlfriend and after only a week the back fell off and she almost lost one of the diamonds . At this point the backs will not even stay on the earings , so they are un-wearable until I take them to a jeweler and have them re-set . Not Happy at all .
 Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up . I called Customer Service , Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days . Well , it has been a week and I still have n't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K -LRB- because we were desperate . Our wedding is the following week ! -RRB- My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart . We have to pay $ 12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again ... they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon ! You had lost a valuable customer .
 I thought these were going to be made in the USA . They are not . They are just mass produced out of the country , I will not order from this vendor again .
 I still ca n't believe how big these earrings are ! They are also very pretty , so I 'll probably keep them anyway . Definitely not for everyday wear , unless you want to go for the drama . The picture is deceiving , it makes them look smaller . Pity .
 Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up . I called Customer Service , Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days . Well , it has been a week and I still have n't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K -LRB- because we were desperate . Our wedding is the following week ! -RRB- My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart . We have to pay $ 12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again ... they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon ! You had lost a valuable customer .
 Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up . I called Customer Service , Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days . Well , it has been a week and I still have n't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K -LRB- because we were desperate . Our wedding is the following week ! -RRB- My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart . We have to pay $ 12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again ... they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon ! You had lost a valuable customer .
 Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up . I called Customer Service , Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days . Well , it has been a week and I still have n't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K -LRB- because we were desperate . Our wedding is the following week ! -RRB- My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart . We have to pay $ 12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again ... they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon ! You had lost a valuable customer .
 Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up . I called Customer Service , Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days . Well , it has been a week and I still have n't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K -LRB- because we were desperate . Our wedding is the following week ! -RRB- My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart . We have to pay $ 12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again ... they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon ! You had lost a valuable customer .
 Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up . I called Customer Service , Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days . Well , it has been a week and I still have n't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K -LRB- because we were desperate . Our wedding is the following week ! -RRB- My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart . We have to pay $ 12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again ... they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon ! You had lost a valuable customer .
 The gold plated and silver Twin charms arrived and I was very dissapointed , they both feel very flimsy and not very solid . Compared to a 25 Pandora or Troll bead , there is a big difference in the quality of the items . I was shocked to find that the writing saying Twins is n't legible to the point where it is almost microscopic . This kind of defeats the point of this item , as that was my reason for purchasing it .
 Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up . I called Customer Service , Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days . Well , it has been a week and I still have n't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K -LRB- because we were desperate . Our wedding is the following week ! -RRB- My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart . We have to pay $ 12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again ... they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon ! You had lost a valuable customer .
 Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up . I called Customer Service , Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days . Well , it has been a week and I still have n't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K -LRB- because we were desperate . Our wedding is the following week ! -RRB- My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart . We have to pay $ 12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again ... they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon ! You had lost a valuable customer .
 Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up . I called Customer Service , Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days . Well , it has been a week and I still have n't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K -LRB- because we were desperate . Our wedding is the following week ! -RRB- My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart . We have to pay $ 12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again ... they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon ! You had lost a valuable customer .
 Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up . I called Customer Service , Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days . Well , it has been a week and I still have n't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K -LRB- because we were desperate . Our wedding is the following week ! -RRB- My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart . We have to pay $ 12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again ... they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon ! You had lost a valuable customer .
 Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up . I called Customer Service , Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days . Well , it has been a week and I still have n't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K -LRB- because we were desperate . Our wedding is the following week ! -RRB- My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart . We have to pay $ 12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again ... they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon ! You had lost a valuable customer .
 The proportions are a little off and it does not come with another stud earring for the other ear ; it should be worth no more than 5 dollars but oh well .
 Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up . I called Customer Service , Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days . Well , it has been a week and I still have n't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K -LRB- because we were desperate . Our wedding is the following week ! -RRB- My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart . We have to pay $ 12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again ... they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon ! You had lost a valuable customer .
 Got this item a while ago , was super excited to try it out but the chain is extremely short and hard to even connect it from the top of my ear to the actual ear piercing . Wish I had not spent my money on this .
 when I saw the item on the website I thought it would be great for me . When I received the item I was very disappointed . It was so small I could not believe my eyes . I would have sent it back but when I went to try it on the back piece being so small it dropped & i still have n't been able to find it . I think for $ 15 I should have received something bigger or at least two items for that price . I do not recommend anyone purchase this product if they are looking for it to be the size of the picture because it is not ...
 Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up . I called Customer Service , Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days . Well , it has been a week and I still have n't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K -LRB- because we were desperate . Our wedding is the following week ! -RRB- My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart . We have to pay $ 12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again ... they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon ! You had lost a valuable customer .
 Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up . I called Customer Service , Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days . Well , it has been a week and I still have n't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K -LRB- because we were desperate . Our wedding is the following week ! -RRB- My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart . We have to pay $ 12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again ... they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon ! You had lost a valuable customer .
 The charm was very cute , just as it appears in the picture ... until it fell off a week after I got it .
 If you do not have super thin toes , do not buy . When I recieved the item , I excitedly put it on . It was fine for the first 2 minutes then it began to pinch . Also , when I went to remove the toe ring , it almost broke.But other than that , its pretty .
 They are sharp looking cuff links , but the post broke off on the third use .
 I bought this ring for my girlfriend as a gift . She loves the look of it . I thought it would be wider though . The problem though is that She 's had it for only a day and it stained her finger green like copper does . She has a few other sterling silver rings and none of them stain her fingers colors .
 Missing imprint of 14K -LRB- the # 4 is not legible on either metal -RRB- . Do not know if these metals are actually 14 carat gold .
 THEY SHOW THIS PRODUCT LARGER THAN IT ACTUALLY IS . IT 'S EMBARRASSING BECAUSE IT 'S THINNER THAN A RAZOR BLADE . I KNOW GOLD IS EXPENSIVE BUT I 'D RATHER PAY ANOTHER $ 100 . TO GET SOMETHING YOUR NOT GOING TO CUT YOURSELF WITH . CRAFTSMANSHIP IS VERY GOOD .
 The Jade green beads were actually more white than green . Please do n`t Bother ! Silver Insanity offered me free shipping on my next order but I really wanted a full refund .
 I order from Amazon frequently , and am consistently happy with the products and service . However , I was very disappointed in this item -- perhaps my own fault for failing to notice that no dimensions were given in the item description . I wrongly assumed that the charm would be approximately the size of my thumbnail , and was surprised when it arrived and I could barely find it in the tiny blue velvet bag that contained it . It is miniscule -- 1 cm long x 1/2 cm wide ! The enamel is applied unevenly , and though the charm is tiny , it is evident that the enamel is thicker in some places , and contains air bubbles in others . It might be cute on a charm bracelet with a purse or shopping theme , but would not work as a pendant , as I had intended . I 'm sending it back for a refund .
 I purchased these earrings for my wedding , but was unable to wear them , since they broke the first time I tried them on . I tried them on a couple months before the wedding to wear to my bridal shower , but when I went to put them on , the actual earring broke off from the clasp . I was not rough with the earring , so I can only believe that they were made very cheaply . I guess you get what you pay for , disappointing but true .
 For $ 15.99 , I ca n't complain . You get what you pay for.Yeah , they 're cheap looking , but they serve their purpose.I wanted `` dangling '' pearl earrings , and that 's what I got.OBVIOUSLY , they 're not Tiffany , VanCleef-Arpels or BVlgari.If you like `` high-end '' jewelry , look elsewhere .
 I agree that this is a beautiful product ; however , I returned these earrings not long ago . The reason is that there is a half arrow at the end of the hook which is used to lock the earring . I tried to wear them , but the half arrow was too big , and I could n't get them through my earlopes .
 For jewelry I purchase from Amazon these were on the higher end of a medium price , if that makes any sense . So I expected more . They really did remind me of tin foil . I did like the hooks they use but the earrings are very fragile and dull . I returned them .
 The ring I received is nothing the way its shown in the photo . The band is really small and the skull is a tiny little dot that is barely recognizable . I also do not believe that its sterling silver because my finger turned green the first time I wore it . I am definately disappointed in my purchase .
 I loved these earrings , and at the price , I thought they 'd be great . However , when I got them , I quickly discovered that the back for one of the pair was too loose to actually stay on the earring . Within two days , the earring had fallen out and I have yet to find it . There $ 15 down the drain !
 I 'm in the military , It hard for me to purchase items especially stationed overseas . It 's always been easy to order from Amazon as always , I never had any problems . the earrings were beautiful but the post was very hard to remove from the earrings , when i pulled to remove the post while in my ear , the post broke off from the ball earring . I only had them for two weeks .
 I bought this necklace back in 2006 and have worn it everyday ever since . I 've wanted to get a replacement because I 've accidentally messed it up while trying to clean it . However , the price shot up from being 24 bucks to over 60 . I have no idea what these people are thinking , but since they do n't even provide a chain anymore -LRB- they did back when I bought it ! -RRB- this is n't a good deal unless the price goes down .
 This is a fun casual necklace ... not quite what I was looking for.I thought the beads were stranded on silver -LRB- or at least metal -RRB- , not cotton twine . Tough to tell from the picture , and I ca n't recall that it was stated in the product description .
 This necklace looks like is hangs on the model in the picture . When I got it it was so tight I felt like I was being strangled . I am severely allergic to metals so I ca n't make an extender out of wire so I do n't know how to let it out a few inches so I do n't feel like I am being choked . It is very pretty and I got it b/c I ca n't wear tradtional necklaces beause of a nickel and metal alloy neckalce .
 I also owned 2 other pendants from Amazon.com , 14k white gold diamond key to my heart and 14k white gold diamond wishbone , both have small -LRB- total of .12 carats -RRB- and quality G-H color diamonds . Compared to those two pendants , this charm 's diamonds are poor in quality -- chipped and dull.I returned it almost immediately .
 I purchased this for my wife based on the other reviews , which are very positive . It was not at all what I expected . She was unimpressed with it when I showed it to her , so I returned it for a refund . It basically looks like some pink cut glass on a silver chain .
 I was really sad to hear that after only one week after i gave these pendent to a friend she called me and let me know that the pendent had broke . I could n't believe it .
 The heart was so small that no one can see the detail that is seen in the blown up picture on display . If Amazon is going to sell an item like this they should have a ruler next to the item . It is less than 1/2 inch in total height .
 After years of ordering from Amazon , this is the first time I 've ever been so disappointed that I 've had to return something.I bought this for my oldest daughter a year ago - it was just as pictured , came with a good chain and a nice velvet pouch . She just loves it and wears it every day . I ordered this for my younger daughter and it came today ... it is NOT the same necklace . It 's not even the same one pictured . The sides of the pendant are not filigree - it 's solid and not very pretty . The chain is n't the same as pictured in the item description , either . Also , it did not come with the velvet pouch.I 'm very upset that the descriptions -LRB- pendant , chain , pouch -RRB- are completely wrong . The quality also seems to be quite low compared to the first one I bought.I was looking forward to giving my youngest daughter this necklace for Valentine 's Day . She wanted one just like her big sister , and I was hoping that it would be something she could keep forever .
 Not good quality stones and poor settings . On top of that , these are fracture filled diamonds , meaning that the jeweler used either glass or bromine to fill in cracks . This is a semi-acceptable process under the following circumstances :1 -RRB- It should be noted in the description -LRB- lacking that at pre-buy time is in violation of FTC rules -RRB- 2 -RRB- You , the buyer , should know that if you ever have to have these fixed , exposure to a jewelers torch is rather likely to cause the glass/bromine to POP , destroying the quality of the clarity . Some jewelers gaurantee the fracture fill , meaning they will put it back , but with no guarantee , the diamonds are n't worth anything , since there is a very good chance your diamonds will turn to industrial grade at some point .3 -RRB- Repeated exposure to common jewelry cleaning machines -LRB- sonic , for instance -RRB- may cause the glass/bromine to POP as well ... see # 2.4 -RRB- With bromine instead of glass , you are likely to see a degredation of color over time . Bromine is cheaper than filling with glass.Fracture filled diamonds are not bad as long as you know what you are getting into . They make otherwise unaffordable solitaires affordable . These earings , though , are not disclosed and the settings themselves are very cheaply made .
 14K White Gold Princess Diamond 4-Prong Stud Earrings -LRB- 3/4ctw , J-K , I2-I3 -RRB- I received these earrings as a Christmas gift and we were really dissappointed in the quality . The diamonds were cloudy and one was , it looked like off center.I sent them back and bought from someone else .
 I got them on sale for much cheaper , but i 'm still disappointed . Color is acceptable but the construction and material -LRB- even when it 's white gold -RRB- feels weak . The clarity is worst than described which is in the end of clarity scale . Cut is extremely poor but there 's no way to check this since only AGS lab can certify cut grade for princess cut diamonds : -LRB- i 'm gon na return it and look for something more fancy , at least I in color , VS1 , platinum bezel and has a good cut : -RRB- it 's still a cheap pair of diamond studs but i wo n't dare giving this to my mom : -LRB-
 The picture is not the same quality as , I received during this transaction . My girlfriend loves them in spite of the milky looking stones .
 I bought this on Thursday and received it on Saturday . I just opened the package today -LRB- Monday -RRB- and when I touched the necklace holder my fingers turned silver . I think that the seller just sprayed it with a silver color once I placed the order and did n't even give it some time to let the color dry . This can definitely ruin my necklaces and transfer color to my jewelry . I wo n't recommend to other people to buy it . I think that I will purchase a more expensive necklace holder to get a better quality !
 These cufflinks may look very nice from the picture , but when I recieved them I was a bit disappointed . They feel really light in weight and cheap . Also , the `` knot '' is kind of pointless because it looks more like a round circle on top with an empty hole in the middle . If you just want to buy these to add to your collection , go ahead . But if this is a gift for a special someone , I would look for something else with far better quality .
 I ordered these earings for my girlfriend 's birthday and never received a confirmation of the order . I waited for a few days then called . They said then that they were out of stock . I go on Amazon today and they still say in stock and they are even offering $ 50.00 off at checkout . Well isnt that special . Offering $ 50.00 off an iten and saying it is in stock when it is not kinda rubs me the wrong way . I needed these things and now I am screwed . I would think twice before orderng from this company .
 I love cats eye jewelry , so I figured these earrings would be great . I recieved these earrings and was very disappointed . Not only did they look poorly made , but they were HUGE ! I do n't see how they expect anyone to wear these . I would not recommend these to ANYONE .
 You DEFINITELY get what you pay for . I got it in the mail a few days after ordering it . . -LRB- kudo 's on prompt delievery -RRB- and my fiance had it on for 20 minutes , and his finger had managed to turn completely green , and black . To my understanding sterling silver should n't do that ?? Anyways , I returned the ring for a full refund , and will not make that mistake again . Best of luck to all of you .
 It was extremely difficult to stick this pin through anything . When we finally did , it damaged the fabric . The ladybug is so tiny you could hardly tell what it was . Definitely not worth $ 35 so I returned it !
 It does n't look as bold , substantial and shiny as the picture . It 's more dull , somewhat like brushed metal , and thinner . Nice ring overall , though . But do n't expect too much .
 I bought this bracelet for my girlfiend to commerorate the birth of our son but it did not last . The bracelet heart clasp is entirely too large for one . Second the material is of poor quality , while wearing the bracelet my girlfriend got it caught in her sleeve and 3 quarters of the bracelet unraveled . Now like others purchasers i 'm stuck with this hunk of garbage .
 The appearance of this is stunning however , there is no way this bracelet will stay on . The heart toggle , which makes the rope bracelet different , is not designed to stay together . The toggle is too small and will not stay thru the heart , allowing the bracelet to fall off the wrist . I took it to 2 jewelers who could not find a fix , now I have a bracelet I love decorating my jewelery box .
 I returned this product . The piece was very light weight and did n't have a feel of quality at all . I bought it for my wife and she always loves everything I give her and even she agreed that it felt like gold plated plastic.I have decided never to buy jewelry online again . Not just because of this experience but others as well . The photos are enhanced to make it look so good but they never look like that when you get them .
 very lovely , but toggle is too small to hold in the heart & bracelet falls off . Not a good thing .
 It does n't look as bold , substantial and shiny as the picture . It 's more dull , somewhat like brushed metal , and thinner . Nice ring overall , though . But do n't expect too much .
 I ordered one for my sister and it arrived with one link missing in one place and another link dangling in another place . I immediately returned it for a refund . Thankfully I got everything back . This bracelet is really flimsy and not worth the $ 99 price tag . Save yourself the headache with this one and get a different bracelet .
 Returned it as soon as I saw it . Not at all what I thought it was going to be . Good thing I had a fallback plan . Amazon was wonderful though with the return !! Great company that stands behind their orders to make things right when they do n't work out for the customer !
 This is a very light bracelet and is not suitable for the true jewelry collector . I think it would be great for a kids charm bracelet , but not as a gift to your mother-in-law ; 0 -RRB- . I am not educated in the GOLD lingo , so I did not realize how small it was until I received it . After going out and really doing some research , you will need to spend around $ 200 to get a decent gold bracelet . Just my opinion ... but a little more info would have helped me .
 Very cheap & flimsy looking for sterling silver.Had to replace attached ring -LRB- broke when attached to bracelet -RRB- . Would NOT have purchased if actually seen .
 I am very disappointed because the baby bracelet looks very different . I do n't recommend to anybody . Please do n't buy it . It does n't worth $ 50.00
 The earrings are beautiful and of good quality , but they are too small , the size does not match the the measurements that were given . I could n't put them on they were so small .
 the product details are very misleading . I was expecting a better quality product considering the price I paid -LRB- even at the discount price I paid $ 34.00 including the shipping . The materials are 90 % plastic and maybe 10 % metal -LRB- unidentified metal -RRB- all held together by two strands of what appears to be a mixture of rubber and thread . The feel of it alone reminds of a cheap bracelet you would get out of a 50 cent vending machine , the 10 % metal being the cheer charms but the painted skirt , shirt and poms is plastic paint . I ca n't believe how dissapointed I was in this product , was suppose to be a christmas gift to my niece . I could pay equally this amount on a better quality charm bracelet from Brighton .
 I only wore this ring a few times and one of the teeny tiny diamonds fell out . I doubt I will ever wear it again . This is very disappointing - my husband gave this to me for my 1st mother 's day and garnet is my daughter 's birthstone .
 Too flimsy , streched out and is about to break at the connection to the clasps . Sorry I bought it now .
 This product , while attractive , could not stand up to remotely normal wear and tear and one day I caught it on something and it completely stretched out and was ruined . I wear bracelets all the time and never saw such a thing . Do n't buy it .
 I purchased these earrings for my daughter , but we did n't even get the backs off -LRB- which were screw backs , not fraction as was indicated in the description -RRB- before the posts and the wings of the butterflies bent . The gold is so thin that it has no substance . The thickness shown in the photos is just a trim , the entire body of the earring is about 1/3 of the thickness.The enamel was a beautiful color , but overall the product was a disappointment .
 This is a pretty little ring , the CZ is bright and sparkles nicely . However , the band is so soft I can bend it between my fingers without even trying . Everytime I wear it , it comes off a different shape than when it went on , just from my body heat . I do n't know if they did n't have my size when I ordered it and so stretched this one out too thin to fit me , or if has some soft lead mixed in with the sterling silver . The band is also a lot cheaper looking than that depicted in their picture . It is pretty but disappointing all at the same time . I would have to agree with a previous reviewer , do n't get this one if you want to pretend it is something richer .
 I was extremely excited when I got this in the mail , but was slightly disappointed when I opened the package and looked at it . The metal looked extremely cheap and so did the moonstones . It did not look at all like a $ 75 piece of jewelry -LRB- that is about how much it costs w / shipping and handling and tax shipped in an average 3-5 work days -RRB- . Eventually , it broke . I accidentally dropped it , it was n't even a hard drop either . When I dropped it one of the moonstones broke and fell out , which did n't bother me much because it did n't really resonate with me that much anyways . To those reading this review , learn from my mistake and DO NOT BUY IT !!! This item is cheap and it should cost , at most , $ 15 - $ 20 , not $ 75 -LRB- or even $ 90 - definitely not worth that much ! -RRB- . Instead , find another septagram necklace that 's cheaper , more worth your money and will last a long time , or make your own pendant out of wood , imbuing it with your own will and energy making it resonate with you . Whatever you do , save money and do n't buy this item .
 I was very disappointed with this pendant . From the picture I could n't tell how small the moonstones would be . While I like the overall seven-pointed faerie star design , the heavy silver star overpowers the moonstones . The moonstones are much too small .
 After about 3 weeks of wearing the necklace , the cord came loose from the metal fasteners . The glue used to keep the cord from unraveling was comepletely useless and the cord became unwound . The cord looks very nice , but the quality is terrible .
 This item broke in 2 place in my hands as soon as I touched it . Do not waste your money on this junk . No even worth returning as shipping would be more expensive than this junk !
 I was pretty disappointed when I saw the product I received . The silver ends on the cord appear very cheaply made and do not look the same as in the picture provided . They are much shorter than what is shown and the piece that fits into the clasp is thicker , making it more awkward to put on and take off . I would not recommend purchasing this , and I 'm currently looking into getting another cord to replace this one .
 Broke right away ... ???? Please do n't buy this I did twice same junk and mailing is out of sight . It should be by weight no item ?????????? The are light and cheap ...
 I own over 100 pendents . Of them , I found only about 8 % had holes large enough to thread this through them . More thought should have been given to practical aspects of this cord .
 I should have realized this was made for cosplay . I got it for my sister , who 's as much of a Tsubasa fan as I am , hoping she could wear it with a nice outfit as a pretty necklace . The fact that it 's plastic does n't really bother me -LRB- you ca n't tell by looking -RRB- , but it 's way too big to wear as a normal piece of jewelry . It 's basically just for wearing to anime cons to meet other Tsubasa fans . I would n't recommend it for everyday wear or special occasions .
 It 's plastic , so if that does n't bother you at all , then it 's an OK necklace . The feather itself was larger than I expected , and the shade of pink made it seem overly childish . I origionally bought it for myself , but I ended up giving it to my daughter because I thought it was going to be pewter at least , and I dont like wearing plastic .
 The ACTUAL pc is 1/8 of the photo and you need a magnifying glass to read the words . If they had included a return slip ... they would have gone right back .
 I thought it would work on my charm bracelet but it was n't the charm I thought it was ... it was flat and I wanted it to be more round and holes to fit a bracelet
 This was a good design and nice color but the size was not what I expected for the price .
 Very pretty necklace , but the chain was faulty on our original delivery and it broke when removing it from the box . Exchanged the product for one with large flaws in the stone . Tried to exchange again and was told to return the product for a refund . A pity . If the first one had a better chain this would get higher marks from us .
 the pc is 1/8th of screen shot , you need a magnifying glass to read it ; if I had had a return slip included in the shipment , I would have returned it .
 These earrings broke when I tried to put them on and I did n't use a lot of force . I need to return them .
 the earrings was going to be a gift , but it was almost impossible to get just the tag off the earrings w/o bending them-I decided NOT to give them-they broke !
 The cross necklace they sent me looks NOTHING like the picture . It is a totally different necklace . Do n't purchase this -- you can find something better .
 This necklace lasted all of 3 days before changing colors and the clasp breaking . I am very unhappy . I do not recommend this necklace for anyone at any time .
 I am very dissappointed with this product . Not only is it cheaply welded together it was also broken . And the size is VERY deceiving ! It is super small . There is no way that this product should have gotten a 5 star rating !
 The most unreliable product I have ever purchased . Different from how they market the product , does not do the job .
 Pretty of course , but the link holding the puzzle charm quickly fell off . Would n't buy again and I sure would n't pay that much for it . I would say search elseware .
 They look cheap and weird in person . Do n't buy I had to return them
 This item was bought as a gift . I guess I should n't have expected a lot for the price , but was disappointed by the small irregular looking diamonds that seemed to distract , rather than add to the earrings . They would have been better with one row of diamonds in the center , or even none at all . The overall size of the earrings was very small , too , and likely will come barely just under the ear , instead of hanging down a little . The picture they show you online looked much better than the item I received . : -LRB-
 14K Yellow Gold Hoop Earings -LRB- 1/4 cttw , H-I Color , I2-I3 Clarity -RRB- photo is very deceiving , its not what it looks like in person ... just dont buy at all ...
 Well I bought this earring because there is additional 20 % that day , well I wore it for a day and went to sleep it fell off the bed and my baby got it into her mouth , I was horrified luckily I got it on time before she can swallow it , the backing of this earring is hollow that 's why it 's easy to lose it , it could fall off while you touch your hair ... I lost the other earring again and nowhere to find ... I only had them for mere 1 week , do n't buy this earring buy something expensive which you know will last longer , craftmaship is cheap !
 I got this as a gift but returned it when I saw it . The diamond had a very flat top and was sunk so far down that it was barely visible . The gold seemed good but the diamond ruined the ring .
 The merchant was great with quick service , but the product was very flimsy . I wil be expecting to buy a replacement from another manufacturer when this one breaks .
 I really really want to love this necklace , but I just ca n't ! I feel in love with it the first time I saw it on Amazon . I just loved the style , the color , and everything about it ! I been contemplating for over a year to get it -LRB- I look at it a few time a month , pondering about getting it . I love it so much , but was a little hesitant to buy jewelry online . I even went onto their website and poke around -RRB- and watch the price go from $ 70 to $ 80 and then to $ 90 over the years . I finally crack and bought the necklace as a gift to myself and was super excited for the arrival . Well , lets just say it when downhill when I open up the Amazon box . I provided a few images so other people can see it ... . I rarely get work up over a bad purchase , but this really made me upset ! I had made countless purchases through amazon for the past few years and only returned two products ... this is one of them.The jewelry box was fairly beaten up , with the corners worn out or crushed , which caused the side of the box to bend and curve out -LRB- if you look at the right side of the box -RRB- . I could of overlook the issues , because the detail of the box was so pretty . However , there was a big bright yellow stain next to the necklace when I open the box ! I can imagine someone missing the other yellow stain in the box on a time constraint or without a second look , but this one could n't have been missed . As for the necklace , the pearls were not the lovely and vibrant peach , pink , white , lavender , purple , and grey showed in the picture . The pearl colors were a very flat light peach , cream , metallic grey . The pearls also look rounder and bigger than what it is in the pictures , which is some what deceiving . I notice a couple of the pearls had light scratches on the surface as well . The `` lariat chains '' were also longer than what was shown in the picture , making the necklace look really cheap and the pearls fake . The chain was also made from poor quality material -LRB- the quality was similar to children jewelry -RRB- , which also surprised me . I had bought necklace for $ 15 with a better chain . As I said earlier ... I really wish I could love this necklace , but it 's just not happening . The shipment was quick , as I place the order on Sunday and got it on Friday . I gave the product 1 star , because of the beautiful box .
 vibrates on your teeth not even comfortable to have in your mouth not worth buying it for the price that it is sold for
 Previous comments were about right ... it 's too big so it does n't work in his mouth very well but does feel great ! The only thing is he ca n't do it for very long . I do n't remember why something about it hitting his teeth I think ... so really it feels good but if you only get it for 30 seconds it is n't that worth it .
 the worst neckalace i have ever bought ... a total rip off for your money .
 As soon as I put it on , it broke . I tried to fix it since they do n't accept returns once you put it on . 3 charms fell off and it broke again , so I threw it away .
 The rings is very cheap feeling . The `` stone '' feels like and looks it 's plastic -LRB- I think it really is plastic -RRB- . I 'll wear it but it feels like it is so light and flimsy that it 'll break after awhile . Would not recommend this item , But the shipping was super fast .
 This locket is half an inch in size . That 's small enough for your sweetie to swallow . The only thing you can fit in this thing is a peeble . Its so small you could n't make out anything if you COULD get a picture in there . The clasp that holds it together is so tight you need a screwdriver to get it open . Do n't waste your time or money with this .
 This ring is junk . Advertised to make believe it 's 925 sterling - but WATCH OUT - it 's .925 sterling - which is sterling plate . I did some research after receiving the ring since it was not stamped `` Sterling '' and discovered the cheaters trick of using a decimal point to get away with misrepretation . I would not have given Gem Avenue any stars but that was n't an Amazon option .
 I was very unhappy when I received this ring . I have small fingers . This ring is so tiny - unlike the online image.I am a marcasite lover , but would not recommend this ring at all .
 lost a stone on the first day and the chain broke a few days after that . very disappointed .
 Ring arrived as promised , but did not fit . Seller did not reply to repeated requests for return . Make sure you get what you want , because you wo n't be able to return it !
 Okay earrings , but the pearls are uneven and to say they have any color at all is a stretch . I have n't worn them .
 Very disappointed in these earings . Hoops are very flimsy and I do n't think the beads are real turquois and amethyst . Some of the tiny silver seperators were missing and you have to be extremely careful because the beads can easily slide off . For $ 33 I would expect better quality jewlery .
 The design is horrible . I could not get them to go into my ear at all . I was trying to use them for my cartilage piercing but the piece of metal that extends from the top to allow for it to lock onto the loop , makes it impossible for it to go through your piercing hole . It 's ridiculous in design . The size was perfect , but since I ca n't even get it into my ear there 's no reason to rate it higher than a one star since I have to return them .
 small is an understatement more like micro , TINY , teeny , width of a human hair i have chain links in necklaces that are bigger in diameter and circumfrence
 From a distance , this is a beautiful ring . On closer inspection however , you will see while the marquise diamond is acceptable , the baguettes are chipped , cracked and broken . Furthermore , while the page indicates the ring may be adjusted up or down one size , I could find no way to specify the size I desired and because I paid with a credit card could not do so by email . I do plan to keep the ring , but my jeweler said there is a good possibility , due to the condition of the stones , they will need to be replaced in the future .
 This is such a pretty bracelet - unfortunately , the hinges are weak and break . I have one in both the green and purple jade - happened to both of them .
 The diamonds are not the same quality as the photo.They are more cloudy in the main stone the ones on the bands are a little clearer . I saw the same set at Kmart.I am disappointed in the clarity .
 Received this anklet very quickly and liked how it looked but a few hrs after wearing it for the first time , the clasp came apart so i will need to use some pliers to open the ring and reattach it .
 This bank was so small , include the shipping and I paid way too much ...
 I purchased this ring directly from Eve 's Addiction . To begin with , the stones are a dull translucent almost periwinkle , but not really pretty . I wore this ring 3 days and a stone popped out . I 've bought a few other things from Eve 's Addiction that I 'm very happy with , but not this . It 's definitely going back . I 'm not bothering with doing an exchange . I wanted it to have the bright teal stones . All in all , a big flop .
 Very pretty but the clasp breaks all the time . Their bracelets or necklaces might be better as they see a little less wear and tear than an anklet . After it broke 5 times I gave up on this .
 i bought this for my girlfriend 2 years ago and after years of wear and being lost for a bit now that she found it again and works in jewelry she has discovered that the for one its only silver plated and the stone is PLASTIC !! if you buy this check it . honestly except for the plastic part i would n't care its a good price its the lying in the description that upsets me .
 I bought this to wear with a pendant however the chain would not fit through the bail as it was to thick , i had to send it back but i got a prompt refund !
 If you 're seriously debating getting anything that says `` sexy '' or `` babe '' on it , for your CHILD , you should never have reproduced.This is just disgusting .
 I bought this to wear with a pendant however the chain would not fit through the bail as it was to thick , i had to send it back but i got a prompt refund !
 This is pretty in picture , but not for small hand like mine . I am asian 5f tall , and have pretty tiny hands so if you do , this ring looks like a toy ring because this ring is very flat and the perl is just sticking out from the center . If you have big hands , this will be fit very nice ...
 The ring is very beautiful , the rose quartz is pale pink and very clear . The ring was nice for about a week , then I noticed a gaping hole where my pearl was suppose to be . I ' m not the person who wears jewelry only on special occasions , I buy them to wear them . Pretty ring , but too delicate for everyday wear .
 This necklace turned black after a few months . Now the outside is black and the inside is still shiny so it looks like it has zebra stripes .
 This necklace turned black after a few months . Now the outside is black and the inside is still shiny so it looks like it has zebra stripes .
 I bought this to wear with a pendant however the chain would not fit through the bail as it was to thick , i had to send it back but i got a prompt refund !
 Bought this piece of jewelry and within 2 weeks it was black . What a waste of money .
 This necklace turned black after a few months . Now the outside is black and the inside is still shiny so it looks like it has zebra stripes .
 Bought this piece of jewelry and within 2 weeks it was black . What a waste of money .
 I was thrilled to receive this ring in May this year . I combined the ring with a beautifully cut diamond and have enjoyed wearing it very much until recently . Since a couple of weeks my beautifull 18k white gold ring is turning yellow . Apparently I received a yellow gold ring with a thin white gold coating ??? As an international customer , what to do ? I do n't want to just send my diamond accross the ocean , but I 'm not happy with the color of my ring .
 Bought this piece of jewelry and within 2 weeks it was black . What a waste of money .
 I sent for this ring in anticipation of giving as a birthday gift to my dear friend . The package arrived on time and delighted I opened it only to find another ring and of inferior quality . Repeated calls to J@R Jewelry World and their referenced party have yielded nothing but extended waiting on the phone and then disconnection . I am outraged and surprised that Amazon does business with firms of this kind . I really hesitate to order anything anymore . Am waiting to recover from a bout of cardiac arrythmia so I have not been able to get to the post office but I hope to do so within the 30 day limit . This was a $ 140 expense and now I will have to pay to return it.G.Cannavo
 The chain is rather thin and almost white looking rather than silvery . I had to return it because it was not worth $ 80 and the ring of the lobster clasp was missing . Dealing with the seller was a problem . I did not get a response for return authorization until I reported them to Amazon . Now I am waiting for my money to be returned after 4 weeks . What is going on with this seller . HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE !
 the bracelet was not a true 9 '' the necklace perfect the bracelet nice quality just not true to length
 was very heartbroken with this product to small not a well made at all wish i would have sent it back
 The chain is rather thin and almost white looking rather than silvery . I had to return it because it was not worth $ 80 and the ring of the lobster clasp was missing . Dealing with the seller was a problem . I did not get a response for return authorization until I reported them to Amazon . Now I am waiting for my money to be returned after 4 weeks . What is going on with this seller . HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE !
 the bracelet was not a true 9 '' the necklace perfect the bracelet nice quality just not true to length
 Bought this piece of jewelry and within 2 weeks it was black . What a waste of money .
 These earrings are much smaller than they look in the picture . Also , the shipping was expensive , so you did n't get much of a deal .
 Pearl seems to be of good quality ... fell off the mount in less than three months ... called and they said they would fix it ... no apology or surprise from American Pearl ... I 'll fix it myself with some epoxy and save on shipping ... not acceptable for the price
 nice product but does not lay flat on the right side it needs a slip ring to keep the right side facing out
 Very disappointed in these earrings . Only has one little red speck on them . Do n't look anything like what is published .
 I returned these . They were purchased for my granddaughter 's birthday , she is four and a little peanut of a child . They were too small for her.These will always be referred to as the `` Quantum earrings '' in our family because we could only prove they existed mathematically . If light had not bent around them we would have needed an electron microscope to prove they existed at all.These are the perfect size for a 6 week old zygote but too small for any human older than that .
 The item was purchased for my daughter , no sparkle and it would bend pretty easily . My husband talked me into keeping it because we were short on time for Christmas presents . My daughter liked it but if given more time , I would have returned it and gotten something better .
 So , I got this item and I loved it . They felt nice in my ears and did n't hurt at all.Well , that all changed a few weeks later . I had wore these earrings for pretty much 24/7 . I took them out to let my ears breathe to find out that one of the earrings had turned a gray color with bronze coloring underneath it/mixed in . I also noticed that the back wire part of the earring looked like it was about to snap off . I really like the look of these earrings , but a total of $ 10 is a little pricey for a single pair of earrings that seem to wear pretty easily and are questionable quality.I then sent a message asking about the earring quality and the problem I was having , and all they said was that it was sterling silver and that I could return the RING for a refund . Firstly , I did n't order a ring , I ordered a pair of EARRINGS . Secondly , they seemed rather rude in the message . You think a company would apologize , and explain why the item turned out this way and maybe even offer to send a replacement . I 'm just a bit baffled . No I do n't plan on making a refund , seeing how i 'd have to PAY to mail them back . I 'll just keep the pair and take my business else where .
 I 'm wondering if the company Sabrina Silver shipped different products to different people , because my experience was right in line with the reviewers who said the earrings started out fine but then discolored and caused -LRB- mild -RRB- infection at the piercing site . At times I 've had sterling silver earrings tarnish and was able to re-polish them with conventional silver polish , but these appear to have worn down to base metal , so it looks as if they were silver plated and not sterling silver at all . I have multiple ear piercings and typically successfully leave earrings in the upper holes without taking them out for cleaning very often , but it took about 3 or 4 weeks for these completely to deteriorate , and my ears are not particularly sensitive ; IOW , I often do fine with dollar earrings!Yes , the style was exactly what I wanted but for something that did n't last and did not remain comfortable or wearable the price was far too high . However , I 've bought other jewelry from Sabrina Silver that has been wonderful , which is the reason I 'm asking if products got switched off in some cases .
 I received this product as a gift and within days the `` silver '' coating wore off exposing cheap metals , which ended up infecting my ear . Originally these were intended to be used as a nose stud -LRB- as the description claims they can be used as -RRB- which is not true at all . Nose studs DO NOT have an earring back . Trying to wear this as a nose stud is painful and unsanitary . This product is NOT made of sterling silver . Avoid this product if cheap metals irritate your skin !
 I loved these when I got them . I have 5 piercings in each ear and loved that I had options to get different sized balls so i could stack them up my ear . They worked well for 2 weeks and then my ears started bothering me . I wore these 24/7 . Other people have mention the discoloring on the post . Mine were not only discolored but the metal was corroding . I ended up with an infection in most of my ten piercings . Do not buy this product if you need silver earrings . I bought these because they stated they were .925 silver . They are obviously plated and are not what was advertized .
 It was inexpensive and it looks cheap . Upon examination , it was not made cheaply . The silver is solid , the stones are bead set and it is bordered with milgrain -LRB- little sterling beads around the edge of the pendant -RRB- . The problem -- whoever designed this piece flattened the surface so much so that it looks almost concave . It makes the pendant appear really thin and flimsy , when it actually is n't , because the surface is so flat , it appears that someone took a beautiful Star of David and glued on some black glitter . It has no depth . The reverse side of this pendant is solid silver and it actually looks better . I do n't like this piece of jewelry , but I wo n't go through the hassle of sending it back . I previously purchase some lovely marcasite earrings from another company , I would definitely not wear this pendant with my earrings . It is a disappointment , because I purchased this pendant to go along with my earrings . I also love the Star of David and this is a poor representation .
 I ordered this for my niece 's birthday . The chain is delicate , and the heart with the stone is so , so small . The heart laid across your finger is barely visible . It appears much larger in the picture .
 I really liked the design of these earrings , but the pair I received was n't as light as the online photo and there were very few marcasites , so they did n't sparkle . I returned them .
 I ordered these earrings for my mother for Christmas and when they came I was really disappointed with the quality . The cats faces had marks on them and they seemed poor quality for being `` sterling silver '' . My advice is to really watch what jewelry you buy online , the pictures are sometimes miss-leading .
 I purchased this for my wife as a joke and it was a complete success . She 's worn it to a couple of costume parties and gotten some great laughs . For this it 's actually 5 stars .
 I am reconsidering purchasing anything from Silver Insanity . Some of their silver is quality , some is not , but you wo n't know until you get it . This entire ring is very thin and the filigree is crooked and I can bend the ring with little effort . However , it was inexpensive and I guess I just got what I paid for .
 It 's a beautiful necklace . It only has one problem . The popcorn chain is linked securely to the fixed U shaped station . I wore it every day and after the 5th day it just fell off from around my neck . There is too much pressure on those fixed connection points , and the chain just ca n't take it . Also , this is a completely enclosed bezel diamond , so there was really not much shine coming from it , since no light can get thru from underneath.So , if you are going to wear it here and there , it 's a great choice . It 's very beautiful , but if you intend to wear it every day , it 's not going to work out for you . -LRB- I actually bought it when it was $ 225 bucks , I see the price dropped to $ 180 . -RRB-
 I purchased this ring for my husband for our 5 year anniversary last year . It looked great , was comfortable and fit well . Almost a year to the day I ordered it he called me at work to tell me that it had broke . It is now in two pieces . It is so bizzare because it broke it two perfact halves . I ca n't complain too much since I paid under $ 50 for it , but I thought it would last more than one year .
 The chain is pretty cheap and only a simple round ring holds the heart on the chain . The heart is smaller than I thought it would be -LRB- my fault for not really paying attention to the details -RRB- . I may put it on a nicer chain or even on a charm bracelet given it 's size . The Mother-of-Pearl material is very pretty so I wo n't be wasting this purchase .
 Picture shows product as pure white , but there are yellow beads mixed in there . Still pretty , but I had to return it since yellow beads do n't typically go with white wedding gowns .
 These look great in the picture online but in reality the pearls look like they were covered with a black coat of paint and was peeling off in some parts . The packing also looked old . Disappointing . Probably the seller sent me a bad product . I had to go through some trouble with the seller to get a return shipping label .
 I bought this necklace and the clasp was broken . There is NO WAY to get ahold of the company except by email ... which they do n't answer . Total rip off !!!!! Do n't buy this unless you want to throw your money out the window !
 ive gotten better out of a gumball machine the necklace fit around my neck with like an inch to spare its tiny not masculine at all worst buy off amazon but shipping was nice thats about it
 I wore this necklace several times and now realize that I wasted my money . I ca n't even tell the necklace even has any titanium ... there is no magnetic field . If you want true titanium -LRB- no clothe cover -RRB- and that does seem to work ... stay way from the ` cloth ' covered ones since you ca n't verify what is underneath unless to disassemble to necklace . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 After 2 days it broke . I contacted phiten and they told me since I did n't buy it from them I 'm screwed . I was able to fix and improve it I like it . Just poor craftmanship
 I do n't know who the hell thinks this works , but it does n't . Nice necklace though . I have n't stopped wearing it just because I do n't have any other necklace to wear .
 Very , very , very dissatisfied with this order ... NOT the correct size . NOT the item pictured . Not the item titled . Says 18 '' , but it came as 22 '' . I have a small neck ... However , it shipped/arrived extremely quickly . ONLY good thing about ordering this item . I could have gotten pretty much the SAME EXACT item for $ 4.99 from another seller on Amazon . Stole $ 10 from me .
 Well , I got what I ordered . Does it work for me ? No . Besides wearing it as a fashion item this necklace serves no other purpose . If you are having pains in your body try stretching or heading to the gym . I promise that will work better than some gimmick .
 I ca n't believe there are so many gullible people out there . These necklaces do n't actually do anything . Look up phiten and pseudoscience.Like David Hannum said , `` There 's a sucker born every minute . ''
 Bought the 22 inch Navy Blue one . Should have bought a longer one as it can still be seen when I wear formal shirts at work.More importantly , I dont see any benefits with wearing this.I will give it a couple of more weeks and if I still see no benefits , I will write it off as one of my many frivolous purchases .
 I have used one of these for a month , and I have observed myself , my general wellbeing , and my backpain with and without the necklace , while sleeping , while doing sport , while at the office ... and I have not noticed any difference at all . For this , and because , in my research , I have not been able to find a even a single scientifically justified reason for these to work , I am giving it one star . I only hope that others read this review and think twice before spending their money .
 I have also seen many people wear these . I workout a lot . I decided to order two braclets and measured my wrist at 71/8 and order 71/2 . I could not close the clasp . I sent them back only to have them returned !!! They told me it was custom - I order one black and one orange - how is that custom . I talked to two CS reps with the same answer - non-refundable !! They could have saved one customer by giving the correct size and sending back , instead they go to the expense of writing a letter and postage to send back the braclets.I have many people ask me about these in the gym - I can now tell them - DO NOT BUY , THE CS SUCKS . I guess I will find some kid in Middle School with skinny wrist and give it to them . I 'm blown away .
 I personally used the tape and the e-water lotion together and the combination effectively subdue my neck-shoulder ache which I have for many years . I applied the lotion daily after bath at night and replace the tape every 2-3 days . I am convinced with the technology that I decided to try their jewellery products since having the tape seen on body is not a pretty sight to public eye . Before I make any haste/impulse purchase , I googled for the product reviews and realised it is a mixed reviews - ~ 50:50 positive and negative . As I am convinced with what I have experienced with the tape and lotion effect , so I decided to trust my gut feeling to get the bracelet . I take it as the 50 % negative reviews could be because the users do not have any pain/aches to begin with so they do not experience any `` miracle '' . For example , if you have a flawless skin to begin with , you will not expect any miracle effect even if you apply La-mer/SKII/Lancome / Estee Lauder expensive skincare product daily . That 's the logic . I seriously ALMOST buy this product until I turned over the package and saw this
 the neckless is ok but the company i bought it from are very rude would never buy an ite fro the again.EVER
 The necklace was way to big and it was not the hot pink that was shown in the picture it had a more faded look .
 We have several Phitens - all of which are in the blue or black family . My daughter wanted an orange one , since her team colors are orange and white . In the photo , this looks like it is truly orange - and bright ! The reality is that it 's not . It 's a very dingy color , nearly brownish , and it almost looks as though it 's gone through mud and then someone attempted to wash it . Suffice it to say , I bought it for her for xmas , and she has n't worn it yet . I 'm thinking it will stay on her bureau . It 's too bad .
 I have the wrist phiten and it works great . I expected tension relieve in my neck but got more from wearing this neck one . They might be fakes . Buyer beware and check things out .
 I wore this for approximately 2 months , and hardly noticed any change . Maybe , I need to wear it longer , but I have noticed almost no improvement with my back pain .
 The necklace is unattractive and doesnt lay right on your neck . It 's made of rope and magnets and the rope is too thick and twisted . I returned it asap.Phiten Star Necklace , Black , 22 ''
 this is a piece of crap i ordered my about 2 weeks ago and the only good thing about it was that it came about 2 days early which was good but the necklace broke the second day i got it .
 Yeah , so I was suckered into buying this product after seeing Josh `` LIAR '' Beckett wearing this during one of his pitching outings . Lem me just say THIS IS A PIECE OF CRAP !!! No way does this thing relieve anything . I think its all in your head because when I first bought it I too believed it was working . But now MY BACK HURTS !!!! LIARS !!!! ARGH !!! PS Josh Beckett is currently injured ... On the other hand , it does look nifty so if youre just buying it for the look then go for it . If not , go to an asian massage parlor or something .
 Come on , people ! If these products really worked , everyone would wear them ! The manufacturers want you to think they work , so they can sell them and make $ $ $ . I have tried the phiten , and the balance bracelet , and magnetic therapy . I have noticed no change in my myriad aches , pains , and stiffnesses . I have worn a phiten necklace for over a month , just to give it a chance . If anything , I feel worse with it on , so I am giving up . Save your money !
 This bracelet does n't contain any `` ions '' , `` technology '' nor `` energy '' which would noticeably affect the human body at all.Magic bracelets with different metals and magnets in them have been LONG PROVEN USELESS . Do you know who first debunked these things ? * BENJAMIN * * FRANKLIN * did , two hundred years ago!He found out that it did n't matter whether he put metals or magnets or pieces of painted wood in them , people could n't tell the difference . He told people they would increase strength , eliminate pain and cure all sorts of diseases with mysterious `` energies '' . Of course it was nonsense but most people who bought them nevertheless claimed that they `` worked '' . It 's just a bracelet . No ions . No technology . No energy . No magic.Buy this bracelet only if you want to show the world that you do n't have a clue .
 My necklace broke within a few weeks of purchase . -LRB- The bracelet I bought with it was too small . I wore it anyways , and it fell off within days and I lost it . -RRB-
 The thin piece of wire that inserts into the hoop for closure broke the first time I attempted to put on the earrings . Disappointing and a waste of money .
 I loved this design and was looking for a cross that did n't dangle . But after about two weeks of showering , the cross began to change colors -LRB- because of the cheap metal -RRB- and the center stone fell out , which is not prong set . Overall it was very disappointing . Nice design but poor overall quality .
 Nice ring of course or I would n't have bought it ... But it was way overpriced.Wow ... way over priced for the quality
 I was disappointed with the size of the stone . This ring was a little nothing .
 Well the ring in the picture looked alot bigger than it was , way bigger . So am returning it because it was a gift for my wife and she could bairly see the diamonds in the ring .
 I bought this bracelet for my boyfriend . He loved it , but that did n't last long because after just a few wears , it was so scratched up and dull looking it looked terrible . The gold overlay is just way too thin .
 What is the old saying , you get what you pay for . This bracelet is too small and cheap looking . This is good for a little girl about six or seven years old .
 Bracelet is small like other reviews have said . That was one of the reasons I bought it though as I have a small wrist . While the fit is fine for me , the color is not . It looks like a very cheap bracelet which it is but I expected more especially with some of the reviews that I had read about it . Oh well , you get what you pay for . Not worth sending back .
 HelloToday is 10th November but i still did not received the goods .
 I think I have an average size wrist , but at 63/4 '' , this bracelet is too small for my wrist . I ca n't get the ends of the clasp together enough to catch . This is best for a child .
 Gold Bracelet was delivered to me in plastic bag in pieces , hopefully it wont be a hassel to get a new one .
 The ear rings looks very cheap and I have never worn these . Waste of money .
 This was not a bargain price for a quality item , as I 'd hoped . Cute design , but more like plastic than metal . The loop holding the lower heart was open upon arrival , and upon trying to close it , the loop broke off . Too bad , as the photo is cute .
 This item looked great on the computer , once it arrived it looked like it came from a gum ball dispenser . Very flimsy , and thin . The design is beautiful , but the quality is not there .
 Not the best looking earrings . The babyphat logo is barely carved out all the way , and the metal is way too heavy to have hanging from someone 's ear.This is n't sterling silver.I bought them as a gift for someone ; She loved them , I 'm so-so about them !
 I got this ring recently from Amazon and its tiny . Absolutly tiny . Sent it straight back . The pictures do not even closely reflect how small the ring actually is . I and my girlfriend were very annoyed at the disapointing size of the ring .
 This item is very poorly made and looks very cheap . You can see and seam very poorly lined up , it is very well hidden in the picture . I was very disappointed in the quality .
 if your pinky wants to rock a necklace buy this pendant . its soooooooooooooooooooooooo tiny . definitly not worth my 20 buckz ... bad buy .
 This was not a 14k gold plated necklace . One reviewer said that she would wear it out where ever , it was that nice . I disagree completely . It was fine for the Halloween costume I bought it for , but no way would I wear it anywhere else .
 very disappointed in these they look so much bigger in image presented . o.k. they are wearable , but I thought They would be larger
 Well the ring in the picture looked alot bigger than it was , way bigger . So am returning it because it was a gift for my wife and she could bairly see the diamonds in the ring .
 Just received this product and will be returning . It is so small it will only fit a child . Not happy at all .
 I was disappointed with the size of the stone . This ring was a little nothing .
 I wore this on and off for about 2 years , then one day when I woke up , the tanzanite had fallen off . I looked but never been able to find it . One of the prongs was slightly bent . So even though it looked pretty , it 's very flimsy and definitely not worth it . I had to sell it along with a bunch of other gold .
 My grand-daughter is into purple and this picture shows a color of purple . Not true it is as pink as pink is . goods cute like she would like if color was right . delivery was very good . Says i ca n't get money back so if I do that will be great if not then i will not purchase toys again .
 I bought this for my 4 year old granddaughter . My initial impression was it was just covered cardbord . It looked and felt cheap . By the time I paid tax and shipping it was anything but cheap.Almost did n't give it to her and was going to send it back . However , she saw it in the bag and wanted it . She seem to like it , however , I did n't .
 We bought this music box for our 7 year old daughter for Christmas . She loved it and was really enjoying it . That afternoon she went to wind it up and the mechanism broke . I would n't buy another one because it 's not worth the money .
 I contacted the vendor right after ordering and cancelled order . They shipped anyway and made it my problem to return item . Item had fault in the stone on top of not being wanted . poor quality and poor service .
 I wore them often -LRB- maybe once a week -RRB- , but still . Tried to super glue them , but did n't work .
 It 's pretty , but like most cheap jewelry , mine broke after the first few wears ... go for quality .
 It was n't that appealing when I first recieved it ... I thought it was going to be a real silver stering and not one made of plastic ...
 I was totally disappointed with this item . It was lovely , but would not lie flat . It always tipped to one side or the other because of the way it was put together . I wrote to the seller , and asked if they could fix this , and sent it back paying my own shipping , but all they did was refund some of my money , and charge me a 5 dollar restocking fee - for an item that was basically defective . Beware .
 I loved these earrings but unfortunately they bend VERY easily and I will end up having to replace the hooks . However , considering the price I paid I guess that is to be expected .
 I was so excited to get this and was very surprised at how small it was . The ` diamonds ' are more like diamond dust or diamond chips and in all honesty the setting is more sparkely than the diamonds are . It is pretty and I am sure it will look nice on but my first impression was `` OH ! This is all it is ?! ''
 `` I ordered the Sterling Silver & Diamond Circles Pendant with 18 '' Chain . Not only were the items late , but when they did arrive the `` diamonds '' in the necklace looked like costume jewerly . The necklace was retailed at $ 99.99 , but I highly doubt that its even worth the $ 20 I paid for it . My next jewerly purchase will be made through a real jewerly store . ''
 It scratched my belly button up , and it mad my belly button itch really bad . I wouldnt buy this ever
 Very cute , but the inside of the rose fell out within 48 hours . Should have expected that for the price , but still annoying .
 I loved this belly ring , but there are three things wrong with it .1 . It arrived with sharp edges that I had to dremmel off2 . The piercing part is very long3 . The rose fell off and had to be glued back on.UPDATE
 this belly button ring is beautiful , but unfortunately the petals are very sharp . after wearing the ring for a few days I had to take it out because the petals were cutting my belly button . I tried to flip it so the rose was on the top of my belly button , but it stuck out too far and got caught in my clothes . I really hate not being able to wear this piece because , like I said , it is beautiful , but it 's not pretty in a belly button that is cut to pieces !
 Simply said the ring fell apart after a month 's time . Felt it was poor quality espcially after stones were lost .
 Regretfully , the first time I wore this ring was in December , which is beyond the return window . The first time I wore it , I looked down as I was leaving home & noticed there was a stone missing from the setting . The prongs on the ring were not pushed down very well on any of the settings . Once I noticed the missing stone , I adjusted all the other prongs .
 This item is nothing like pictured . `` diamonds '' are raised bits of silvery metal . `` emeralds '' are dull , poorly cut and set .
 Very very small diameter chain . Does n't lie flat , twists and turns . I did n't return it because it seemed like a lot of trouble . Wore it once .
 First of all , I was prepared for the ring to be a lighter shade of blue than that pictured . I was warned by several other reviewers that the shade is less than would be expected , AND they were right on the money . The stones in this ring are barely blue , and really not very pretty . It looks cheap and I would agree with one other reviewer who stated that it would have been better to have 5 slightly larger stones instead of the 7 smaller ones . It spans too far across the finger and the sizing does seem to be slightly smaller than the size stated . Save your money for something better . Even at half price , which is what I paid , it was not worth the money .
 The color of the ring was not as pictured , hint of the palest blue . The sizing is a bit smaller than anticipated and it seems that the stone side is more flat instead of round . It probably would have been more flattering to have 5 stones and a more circular appearance.It still stacks and is not that bad for the price
 Day 3 of wearing this ring
 cheap cheap cheaply made . and the stones are definately NOT blue , more like a dull gray
 I ordered the Blue Topaz 7-Stone Ring . I got a cubic zirconia type stone ... It was NOT blue . I do n't like the white stone and did n't order it .
 First , the color of the stones is lighter than is pictured . I realize it is hard to capture color in a picture , but the ring I received has stones that are light purple to almost a pink color . For the price of the ring I can deal with that though , I mean , what can you expect for $ 29 ? The worst part is that it 's just hard to wear because it 's not comfortable . It would have been better with five stones instead of seven because the two outer stones rub against your other fingers and it gets annoying fast . I 'll be returning this ring and will try something else .
 When I received this ring , I put it aside because I was very ill at the timewhen I did look at it , it was past the time to return it . In the picture it looksround , but when i received it , it is more square than round . it justlooks odd and now I have a ring that is ugly and no one wants it .
 i WILL NEVER ORDER ANOTHER PIECE OF JEWELRY FROM THIS PLACE AGAIN . I NEVER REICEIVED MY BRACELET AND IT WAS FOR AN IMPORTANT DAY . I DID NOT GET MY MONEY REFUNDED AND I NEVER GOT AN ANSWER BACK ON HOW I CAN GET IT REFUNDED . HORRIBLE SERVICE AND I 'M STILL UPSET .
 I recieved my order and was extremely upset . As clearly indicated on the website I was to receive a Diamond grading report along with the earrings but it was never sent . I called customer service which has been outsourced to some developing country where english is definitely a second language and some person with only rudimentary English tried to help me but proved utterly useles . Finally called another number and got someone in Canada . He spoke English just fine so I ca n't complain about him . Unfortunately , in order to get th eGrading Report that was prmised from the start I have to send the entire package back in order for them to send me a whole new package whcich contains the earrings with the Grading Report . Of course , the item is now `` currently out of stock '' and nothing is available and meanwhile it 's only two weeks 'till Christmas !! Seems like major BS if you ask me . They said I should go appraise this product myself at a local gemologist which means I ' will incur additional costs of which Amazon is willing to cover a part of . LESSON LEARNED
 I was not at all happy with this purchase . The topaz is very pretty but the s.s. looks very cheap , does not look like .925 , It looks as if you could have bought it from a discount store .
 This review is for their niobium earcuff/wrap featured on their website . I order two in different colors . What junk !! They were so tiny I think they were simply made of niobium wire . They looked like someone just opened up a necklace ring -LRB- you know , the larger loop on a chain that the clasp is attached to ? A jumper I think ? -RRB- The edges did n't even look finished , like they snipped the wire , shaped it around a pencil and called it done . And their shipping charge is outrageous for such a TINY item . I returned them for a refund . Do n't waste your money !
 Would not buy this again under any circumstances . It is so narrow that I lost it the first time I wore it . I have other ear cuffs that are much wider and I have had them for over 2 years . Never lost one . This one is not a good buy .
 This item is nothing like pictured . `` diamonds '' are raised bits of silvery metal . `` emeralds '' are dull , poorly cut and set .
 This item is nothing like pictured . `` diamonds '' are raised bits of silvery metal . `` emeralds '' are dull , poorly cut and set .
 This item is nothing like pictured . `` diamonds '' are raised bits of silvery metal . `` emeralds '' are dull , poorly cut and set .
 This item is nothing like pictured . `` diamonds '' are raised bits of silvery metal . `` emeralds '' are dull , poorly cut and set .
 the order i placed stated the sapphire weight was 1.12 carats ... BUT when i got it ... i could barley tell there were stones on it ... NOW it states it is only .28 carats ... NOT WHAT I ORDERED !!! AND THE BAND IS THINNER THAN DENTAL FLOSS >> >> > SORRY SENDING ANOTHER RING BACK !!!!
 what a piece of junk , i bought this for my wife , i was embarassed to even let her see it , it was thinner that a human hair , the stones looked like they were painted on.the tag said made in taiwan , , , are you telling me we cant even make jewelry in this country anymore ? what a joke.amazon should be ashamed of themselves just to be affiliated with this company . . never ever ever ever buy jewelry online , you will be sorry.i would rather pay $ 500.00 for a well made american piece that i can hold in my hand at a jewelry store than to pay $ 129.00 for a piece of garbage that i thought i was getting a deal on.NEVER AGAIN.by the way i sent it back and got a refund
 This item is nothing like pictured . `` diamonds '' are raised bits of silvery metal . `` emeralds '' are dull , poorly cut and set .
 the order i placed stated the sapphire weight was 1.12 carats ... BUT when i got it ... i could barley tell there were stones on it ... NOW it states it is only .28 carats ... NOT WHAT I ORDERED !!! AND THE BAND IS THINNER THAN DENTAL FLOSS >> >> > SORRY SENDING ANOTHER RING BACK !!!!
 what a piece of junk , i bought this for my wife , i was embarassed to even let her see it , it was thinner that a human hair , the stones looked like they were painted on.the tag said made in taiwan , , , are you telling me we cant even make jewelry in this country anymore ? what a joke.amazon should be ashamed of themselves just to be affiliated with this company . . never ever ever ever buy jewelry online , you will be sorry.i would rather pay $ 500.00 for a well made american piece that i can hold in my hand at a jewelry store than to pay $ 129.00 for a piece of garbage that i thought i was getting a deal on.NEVER AGAIN.by the way i sent it back and got a refund
 the order i placed stated the sapphire weight was 1.12 carats ... BUT when i got it ... i could barley tell there were stones on it ... NOW it states it is only .28 carats ... NOT WHAT I ORDERED !!! AND THE BAND IS THINNER THAN DENTAL FLOSS >> >> > SORRY SENDING ANOTHER RING BACK !!!!
 what a piece of junk , i bought this for my wife , i was embarassed to even let her see it , it was thinner that a human hair , the stones looked like they were painted on.the tag said made in taiwan , , , are you telling me we cant even make jewelry in this country anymore ? what a joke.amazon should be ashamed of themselves just to be affiliated with this company . . never ever ever ever buy jewelry online , you will be sorry.i would rather pay $ 500.00 for a well made american piece that i can hold in my hand at a jewelry store than to pay $ 129.00 for a piece of garbage that i thought i was getting a deal on.NEVER AGAIN.by the way i sent it back and got a refund
 the order i placed stated the sapphire weight was 1.12 carats ... BUT when i got it ... i could barley tell there were stones on it ... NOW it states it is only .28 carats ... NOT WHAT I ORDERED !!! AND THE BAND IS THINNER THAN DENTAL FLOSS >> >> > SORRY SENDING ANOTHER RING BACK !!!!
 what a piece of junk , i bought this for my wife , i was embarassed to even let her see it , it was thinner that a human hair , the stones looked like they were painted on.the tag said made in taiwan , , , are you telling me we cant even make jewelry in this country anymore ? what a joke.amazon should be ashamed of themselves just to be affiliated with this company . . never ever ever ever buy jewelry online , you will be sorry.i would rather pay $ 500.00 for a well made american piece that i can hold in my hand at a jewelry store than to pay $ 129.00 for a piece of garbage that i thought i was getting a deal on.NEVER AGAIN.by the way i sent it back and got a refund
 This ring is a 14 gauge ring . I 'd ordered it because a search for bioplast eyebrow rings brought this item up , however when I recieved it , the package said 14 gauge .
 the order i placed stated the sapphire weight was 1.12 carats ... BUT when i got it ... i could barley tell there were stones on it ... NOW it states it is only .28 carats ... NOT WHAT I ORDERED !!! AND THE BAND IS THINNER THAN DENTAL FLOSS >> >> > SORRY SENDING ANOTHER RING BACK !!!!
 what a piece of junk , i bought this for my wife , i was embarassed to even let her see it , it was thinner that a human hair , the stones looked like they were painted on.the tag said made in taiwan , , , are you telling me we cant even make jewelry in this country anymore ? what a joke.amazon should be ashamed of themselves just to be affiliated with this company . . never ever ever ever buy jewelry online , you will be sorry.i would rather pay $ 500.00 for a well made american piece that i can hold in my hand at a jewelry store than to pay $ 129.00 for a piece of garbage that i thought i was getting a deal on.NEVER AGAIN.by the way i sent it back and got a refund
 the order i placed stated the sapphire weight was 1.12 carats ... BUT when i got it ... i could barley tell there were stones on it ... NOW it states it is only .28 carats ... NOT WHAT I ORDERED !!! AND THE BAND IS THINNER THAN DENTAL FLOSS >> >> > SORRY SENDING ANOTHER RING BACK !!!!
 what a piece of junk , i bought this for my wife , i was embarassed to even let her see it , it was thinner that a human hair , the stones looked like they were painted on.the tag said made in taiwan , , , are you telling me we cant even make jewelry in this country anymore ? what a joke.amazon should be ashamed of themselves just to be affiliated with this company . . never ever ever ever buy jewelry online , you will be sorry.i would rather pay $ 500.00 for a well made american piece that i can hold in my hand at a jewelry store than to pay $ 129.00 for a piece of garbage that i thought i was getting a deal on.NEVER AGAIN.by the way i sent it back and got a refund
 Do n't go by the picture . There is a chip of a diamond in the center stone and where it looks like diamonds on the side , its just silver . I was n't looking for real diamonds in a $ 40.00 ring , but some sort of stone would be nice .
 The necklace itself is lovely . It is delicate . I would have been much more pleased except for one thing . My cost was $ 18.99 plus shipping . It arrived in a tiny baggie with the price of $ 8.50 . That is one super make-up ! They could have at least taken off the price tag before they mailed it , and I might not feel like such a sucker !
 Do n't go by the picture . There is a chip of a diamond in the center stone and where it looks like diamonds on the side , its just silver . I was n't looking for real diamonds in a $ 40.00 ring , but some sort of stone would be nice .
 this product has since broken . i wore it twice before the circle broke off .
 Do n't go by the picture . There is a chip of a diamond in the center stone and where it looks like diamonds on the side , its just silver . I was n't looking for real diamonds in a $ 40.00 ring , but some sort of stone would be nice .
 Do n't go by the picture . There is a chip of a diamond in the center stone and where it looks like diamonds on the side , its just silver . I was n't looking for real diamonds in a $ 40.00 ring , but some sort of stone would be nice .
 Do n't go by the picture . There is a chip of a diamond in the center stone and where it looks like diamonds on the side , its just silver . I was n't looking for real diamonds in a $ 40.00 ring , but some sort of stone would be nice .
 Do n't go by the picture . There is a chip of a diamond in the center stone and where it looks like diamonds on the side , its just silver . I was n't looking for real diamonds in a $ 40.00 ring , but some sort of stone would be nice .
 Received a necklace for Christmas and tried to exchange it . . they would not let me stating their vendors `` charge 40 % restocking fee . '' Communication is only done through email so when they are done with you they do n't have to reply , I could not get anyone on the phone to speak with . Clearly they are more concerned out charges than keeping a customer happy . . will NEVER use this company again and will advise others to make sure you like your selection or else you will be stuck with it .
 I would love to buy 2 or 3 of these rings and stack them together !! Too bad that would bring the total to $ 60 . I would buy if they were less priced !
 This piece defiantly appears to be either silver plated or possibly just painted , defiantly not pure , but if that does n't bother you ... It 's a fine piece .
 I loved the bracelet , it was beautiful . I wore it for a few weeks when it started to unravel . I am very upset because people really noticed it and liked it . Plus I really liked it . Sot I 'm very disappointed .
 cheap was very dissapointed will let my grandaughter play with it I guess . I know it was on sale and now I know why
 The bracelet was cute , however the packing was terrible . The bracelet almost fell out of the box when I received it . Also , it was not long enough . I feel like I overpaid for this product .
 My dad had ordered this for me not once but twice and the product never came ! It looks beautiful and something I would thoroughly enjoy since Halloween is one of my favorite holidays . I wish I could provide a better review , but no product to effectively review . Thoroughly disappointed with this seller . My dad felt bad about not having this for me for Christmas , and I felt bad for him because he really tried to deliver . I am an avid amazon customer and of the hundred items I have bought , this is the first and hopefully only poor review I will write .
 This necklace is a perfect example of the old adage , `` You get what you pay for . '' I paid $ 11.40 on sale.First of all , the pearls are similar to the color of orange juice . Second , they are so blemished and uneven that they do n't even look like real pearls . Third , there is no clasp in the back . The pearls are strung on a rigid wire that will hold itself closed unless the necklace is tugged on by children , pets , etc. I gave the necklace two stars instead of one because it appears to be well constructed and could conceivably be worn for an occasion that calls for tacky orange pearls . Maybe a Marge Simpson costume ?
 This choker seems well made , but there is a lot of inconsistency in the color and shape of the pearls . They are a soft golden yellow color , but the dye looks strange . The necklace looks like the color would bleed onto your hands if you touch it , perhaps due to the sheen of the pearls . This makes it look inexpensive . I would not make this purchase again .
 These are quite possibly the ugliest pearls I have ever seen . There was a deal and I thought , `` Eh . At that price -LRB- $ 4.50 !! I should have KNOWN ! -RRB- they 'll be good for a little gift for someone - heck , I 'll get two . '' Boy , was I wrong . I would NEVER give these as a gift to ANYONE . Previous reviewer described them perfectly
 Very disappointed . I 'm sending it back , band has tarnished . I do n't think it 's silver as described . Too bad , it 's a cute ring and my daughter loved it .
 These wouldve been perfect for my industrial piercing but I couldnt get the earrings pen . I dont know if its me but it just wouldnt budge
 Charm was nice but expected a charm with a loop with which to sew onto a Christmas Stocking , not a sliding charm . Too expensive both for charm and shipping . Came late , I accepted it back and just passed it around in case somebody could find a use for it ... no idea whatever happened to it .
 These earrings are very tiny , nothing what you would think from the picture , and I guess you get what you pay for . I bought them for my daughter who thought she was going to use them in her tragus piercing , but they are way too small so she just uses them in her upper cartlidge piercing instead .
 I am very unhappy with the quality of Rembrandt charms . I found this particular one pathetic in both its `` charm '' and the lack of substantial sterling silver for the price -LRB- it is so tiny you might not notice it -RRB- . Look elsewhere , folks , I am sending mine back .
 This ring was shipped 4 days after being ordered , so the `` ships within 24 hours '' claim is patently false . I contacted the company about this , but received no reply . When I finally did get the item , a day after the last `` date of expected delivery , '' It was not as pictured , and I am really disappointed in the quality . I would send it back , but have just decided never to deal with this company again .
 This ring does not look as nice in this picture . The quality was very disappointing . I would never deal with company again !
 Nice set but the bracelet is very small and does not fit on the average adult female wrist . Item was returned .
 It looked different on here , like it had some sort of uniquness to it . and it didnt , I got it . And its very ugly , dont waste your money on this .
 Bought this charm for my daughter , it lasted one day before a trip to the jeweler , then a day after the trip to the jeweler the top sheared off so there is no ring to attach it to the bracelet . I paid for expedited shipping to make sure it was here a few days before the big day , and the day before the big day I was sweating till it arrived . Not a happy camper , the service was sub par and the charm itself left me frustrated and my daughter without a charm .
 It looked different on here , like it had some sort of uniquness to it . and it didnt , I got it . And its very ugly , dont waste your money on this .
 Hi guys , I am glad that I can express myself and tell how disapointed I was when I received the ring . IT 'S JUST NOT WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE ON THE SCREEN . THE FOREHEAD IS FLAT AND IT LOOKS MORE VOLUMINOUS in the picture . ARE U SURE IT 'S THE SAME ITEM U SENT ME ? See I am used to ordering shoes for instance and i have never been disapointed . Ok I think I ca n't do more about it . Anyway thanks for letting me express myself and it wo n't stop me from ordering anything else . Actually I feel like ordering another ring . HA HA !!!!
 Yeah , it looks nice , but it could be as big as Diana Ross 's eyeballs !!! cm?mm?Description old glory ... come on ! This is the internet . Be descriptive .
 the item i received was distorted and not fit to wear , it was ripped on the bottom right hand side of the ring -LRB- top -RRB- it was not fit or safe to wear.it would 've cut my finger . i sent it back , have not heard from them yet i asked for a creit back to my account .
 It looked different on here , like it had some sort of uniquness to it . and it didnt , I got it . And its very ugly , dont waste your money on this .
 Ordered this for my girlfriend for Christmas . Not bad for a cheap charm bracelet but keep in mind that if the person to wear this does not have a small wrist then it will not fit ! 2 missing stars because its so small , it barely fits on a tiny wrist.EDIT
 I bought the ring and the first time he put it on his hands were sweaty and the metal left a mark on his finger . He then wore it for three weeks and it started to crack and finally broke . I would not recommend this ring at all .
 I bought the cord to go with a specific religious pendant . The religion is not important here . It is well made , but is too fat to fit through the loop . In order to make it work , I would have to bend the loop of the pendant and make it much rounder . Since it is sold by the same company that I bought the pendant from at the same time , I expected it to fit.If you are considering it , email the company first and ask them if it will fit !
 I purchased these for my mother for Christmas and she wore them and her neck turned black . They came with what looked like a certificate of authenticity , but obviously if they were real , they would n't have turned her neck black .
 These earrings are TINY ! Also , the peace sign looks more like a cross ... NOT what I was going for . The arms of the peace sign that are suppose to slant down barely do , plus they are a bit rounded instead of straight . Good thing they were only $ 4 .
 The earrings I bought and received did n't look like the earrings that are advertised , so I was disappointed but i kept them because i did n't want to go through the hassle of mailing them back .
 This is a very pretty necklace but it is way too long . It is 20 inches , though the ad said 16 . I had to pay a jeweler an extra $ 20 to shorten it 4 inches . I would have preferred to return it , but my husband wanted his mother to keep it . Therefore we ended up paying an extra $ 20 . Would not buy from them again .
 This product was a waste of my money ; a stone came out because of the bad craftmanship . I missplaced the packing for this item otherwise I would have ran it back to UPS for a quick return . Do n't waste your money `` Buyer Beware ''
 I did n't even get what I ordered , and when I did get the product it was late by weeks .
 The ring looked just like the photo on Amazon ; however I was very upset when I wore it because my finger turned black where the ring touched my skin . This ring was not sterling silver .
 This broke before I can even get out of the house .
 The earrings I received did not resemble the ones from the picture on this web site . The very bottom bead in the picture is a very pretty pink-ish color and that 's what I was looking forward to when I ordered these . Well , the earrings I recieved had more green on the bottom bead than pink . I did n't like the fact that there was more green than pink and I did n't think it was worth returning them so I literally got out a bottle of pink nail polish and just painted them the shade that I wanted . Was n't what I expected but you get what you pay for .
 Loved the look of these earrings . They would n't stay in my ears and one fell out . I lost it . $ 30 down the drain and only had them on for about an hour before one fell out and got lost .
 the earrings looked exactly like they look on line . However in my rush to go away for Christmas I did not open the package before leaving home . When I opened , I saw that only one earring had the hook on it . I could not wear it at all . I had already destroyed the package in which it was mailed and I do not know my options . SO one earring looks great but no hook on the second earring .
 I bought it for me.But the pearl looks like a toy bead.So I do n't like it .
 This is a crappy item . You could have gotten this item elsewhere with no more than 5 dollars . Do n't ever buy it if you can avoid it !!
 This pin looks like something you would find at the dollar store . It is cheap looking and unremarkable . I was ashamed to give it to my friend as a Christmas gift so it ended up in the Christmas Connection Gift pile for homeless kids .
 I bought two of these necklaces for my bridesmaids . The chain on this necklace is a very poor quality . It is very flimsy and looks like it will easily break . The pendant was also much smaller than I expected it to be . I was able to find a better quality necklace locally for a lower price and ended up returning them .
 There does n't seem to be enough of the polishing element in the cloth . It takes a very long time of polishing to take any of the tarnish off .
 Got this for my sister who collects frogs . The pin part broke the first time she tried to pin it on her jacket . I felt bad , she uses it as a little shotski in her display case . Not made well . But cute .
 The actual item is 1/8 of picture , you need a magnifying glass to read it , if they had included a return slip I would have returned it !
 I bought this with full expectations of receiving a 20 '' chain and pendant , titanium , brushed finish , and all that . And , yep , that 's indeed what it is . My gripe stems from the fact that almost immediately I started getting a rash around my neck from the chain . I 'm definitely not allergic to titanium . Upon closer inspection , I found the chain links on the chain to be * sharp * . I ran my fingertips across it and they caught on each link , and when you look closely you see the sharp edges on the link . Bananas . I like the pendant so I wo n't return it , but otherwise this would be back in the box and on its way to the customer returns center . Be forewarned .
 i just received my product today i am not at all pleased with the chain with this product . i was to believe that the pendant and the thin chain were both titaniumIt looks very cheap and no shine or sheen even through the plastic it came in.i was very disappointed when i opened up the box it came in.i feel very disappointed basically just paying $ 70 for a small pendant . The contrast between the pendant and the chain is too off colourim very hesitant about buying jewelry online now even more
 very short chain . i would have probally bought another item if i knew it was this small .
 The bracelet arrived quickly and was as described except its color was dull , unshiny and not particularly appealing . I was disappointed in its lack of brightness compared to the photo in the description and returned it immediately .
 I agree with the previous reviewer that this bracelet is neither masculine looking nor 81/2 inches in length . It might be acceptable to give to a young teen , but I would hesitate if considering it for an adult . It does n't have a particularly substantial look or feel to it and it comes closer to appearing feminine .
 From the picture and another review , I expected this to be a nice bracelet . First it is not 81/2 '' . If you stretched it to its breaking point , it might be 81/4 '' from the tip of the chain to the end of the clasp . The chain itself is less than 8 '' . It might fit nicely on a child 's wrist , but on a grown male , it will probably cut off your circulation . The links might be 6mm long , but I doubt they are much more than 2mm wide . When you open the box , you 'll be surprised how small this is , especially if you paid $ 85 for it -LRB- or even $ 60 in a Gold Box deal -RRB- . I 've always been wary of jewelry from Amazon , but this was an absolute disappointment . I 'm surprised that anyone could call this tiny chain ` masculine ' looking .
 The design is nice ; however the stone color is a bit of a dissppointment . It is a dull yellowish green and not very sparkly .
 returned the item due to recieving white gold instead of yellow gold nd never got my new charm or a refund .
 It does n't quite look the same as it does in the picture and the sizing -LRB- to me -RRB- seemed to be somewhat bigger than the size I had asked for .
 I purchased this ring because of the way it was presented . It is not what I thought it would be . It looks cheap and the band is very thin . I would definitely not recommend this to anyone .
 Earings are in good size , but quality of silver is not good . It is dark ... . And corrupted clusp ... Now I use this item , but silver is black ... . I think it is bad quality of silver .
 I like the idea of this bracelet , and it looked pretty in the box , but I did n't like the way it looked on my wrist . To get it to look right I had to twist it before the clasp was fastened and it was just too hard to do . Also one of the chains was longer than the others and the excess stuck out . I returned it .
 I was very disappointed with this . Poor workmanship . One of the two rings I ordered was n't even finished all the way around . Will either toss or return if possible . Do n't bother !
 Poor quality , not a claddagh , there is no crown . You can see the seams , the hands on the band are terrible .
 This ring is a piece of junk . The ring came chipped and the workmanship on the design was poor -LRB- i.e. some of the hands on the ring were smudged causing it to not look like a hand -RRB- I had to return this item ; save your money .
 Bracelet is very pretty and does sparkle nicely , however the clasp barely holds at all . It holds so poorly that it fell off my girlfriend 's wrist the first night she had it and was lost . If you do purchase this item , reclasp it before wearing it .
 it does n't worth $ 98 ! do n't buy it . or you have to pay return fees and insurance fees when you return it.And it is very hard to return . After they received the item that you returned , they ignore your request for refund .
 I received this item and it is what I was looking for but the end cap needed repair before I could wear it . It had come loose .
 Do n't let the size of the ring in the picture intimidate you it is not really that big and shiny and the sellers are horrible they wont take back the product no matter what they 're guarantee really says ... The ring is nice if you plan on giving it to a little girl but the size of the diamond is SUPER TINY ! not worth the price AT ALL !
 I will keep the review simple and straight to the point ... the chain is not worth buying . I bought it and it turned grey in a week and a half . It looks great but tarnishes quickly . Purchase it at your own expense .
 The chain looked really nice ... . for about a couple of weeks ... Now it looks like crap ! It 's like the gold fell off in an instant and now it 's black and silver.Don ' t waste your money on this one ...
 i took it out to look at itthen put it back in its packagingthe next time it was looked at it had started to have some small bendswhen worn it &#34; s hardly noticabletobe attractive
 Necklace broke just after a day , not repairable . Wore with a locket on the end , when I bent over the necklace broke near the clasp but not the clasp itself .
 This chain kinks -LRB- permanently -RRB- too easily , which makes it sit funny . I originally bought it to replace another chain , but I am very dissatisfied with this chain . I would not recommend this product .
 It broke in a matter of months , I guess the price was too good to be true . The silver is pure though , I did n't get any irritation from the metal , even when not taking it off for weeks at a time .
 When I received the necklace , I was very pleased with the overall look of this chain , but as I opened the clasp to put it around my neck , the clasp fell away from the rest of the necklace . Due to poor construction/quality , I was never even able to wear the necklace I paid for . I recommend that you purchase items of this type at a store so you can test them and not waste money on shipping . I would give this a negative 1 star if possible .
 The bracelet broke multiple times . Guess u get what u pay for . It did n't cost very much money . Have a merry Christmas .
 I bought this -LRB- as a bracelet -RRB- for my sister last fall for Christmas . It looked nice when I got it , but after sitting in the drawer for a month or so , I took it out to wrap it and it appeared that the silver had chipped off significantly . :-LRB- So I threw it in the trash and had to buy something else for my sister .
 this necklace snapped after a week . Did n't even have any charms or anything on it . it broke off right near the clasp .
 ... same as the other reviewer in that the chain broke away from the clasp while just trying to put it on ! Very poor quality . A total waste of money in my case .
 Item arrived baldy tarnished . I was very disappointed when I opened the little blue box to see a set of tarnished earrings . I wanted to use them for an event and I did not have any cleaner . Sad day . Sent back immediately .
 The photo of this necklace is not the same as the actual necklace . If you hold it up to the light it may appear the same , but when you put it on ... . it does n't reflect the colors ... . Pretty disappointed . I got two different necklaces and they are the same ... . Will not buy anymore .
 I love the idea , but they 're made of crap . I bought two and neither lasted more than two days
 Buyer beware ! I just threw away $ 46.00 . This is a piece of junk , I will never , ever order another thing from amazon , ever , very , very , disapointed !!!
 Do not be missled by the picture . This bracelet is large and uglier that it shows . Looks juvenile and cheap . Not worth the money at all .
 This bracelet advertises itself as being 7.5 '' in length . My wrist is 61/2 '' around and I ca n't get this bracelet on at ALL!It is very clumsy looking with a huge clasp but would look kinda trendy IF it was 71/2 '' long . I think I could get it on my wrist with help but it would fit tightly with no give or flow at all , making it look silly.Keep looking at the other bracelets and skip right past this one.I 'm returning mine !
 he 's only been wearing it for a week and the silver is beginning to tarnish . Perhaps a good cleaning will restore the shine but I 'm disappointed that it needs it so soon after he began wearing it .
 Although this is a gorgeous piece , the cross is in fact NOT sterling silver . When I first picked it up , I could tell it had a lighter ` feel ' to it than all of my other sterling silver pieces . -LRB- and believe me , I 've been buying sterling silver for years -RRB- The marking on the cross indicates .928 , and there is in fact NO such grading for sterling silver.I even put a magnet next to this piece - it immediately stuck to it just as regular metal would.I then took this to a jeweler who told me it was sterling silver PLATED , and NOT sterling silver.One more thing - upon first opening the clasp , the lobster claw hinge fell completely apart.It was very disappointing that what COULD have been a gorgeous piece of jewelry was in fact just silver-plated metal .
 I ordered this bracelet as a Christmas gift for my best friend . Based on the reviews , it seemed to be a really nice product at a decent price . However , upon receipt of the bracelet , I was so disappointed in its quality that I felt the need to purchase another gift to give along with the bracelet .
 In the picture , this bracelet looked just like one I lost while on a trip with my husband . This bracelet in hand , looks cheap and gaudy -- it definately was NOT a replacement for my lost bracelet . It is still in the box it came in -- do n't know what I 'll do with it . Does anyone want a never worn Sterling Silver Byzantine Bracelet , 8 '' that really does n't look as nice as the picture ? I 'll sell it -- I really do n't even rate it 1 star !
 Poor quality did not look at all as pictured and I returned it to Amazon .
 I had to go back awhile to write this review , but this ring is NOT worth the amount . For 30 bucks , I expected a heavy , solid ring , this was a cheaply made , semi hollow waste of time and money . To make matters even worse , I ordered a size 8 and recieved something much smaller ... it is items like this that frustrate the public , I thought I ought to warn somebody , but if you like this ring , KEEP SEARCHING and you will find a quailty product somewhere else , this one however is not ...
 Not only can I not review this product I never even received it !!! I expected better from Amazon & the people it does business with . I am also very unhappy with the lack of recourse to resolve this issue , despite several attempts to contact the seller and Amazon this is the first time I have heard anything .
 Bought for my wife . When I received it , the top cover had visible scratches . I assume that was due to inadequate packaging . Also , after less than a week of use , the bottom drawer fell apart .
 Arrived in pieces . Made of low quality particle board and poorly constructed . I do n't expect this thing to last over a year once it 'S all glued back together .
 Unfortunately the product I recieved was defective and had to be returned . The bottom drawer was stuck and would n't come out . Not only did this eliminate use of that drawer , it also prohibited the attachment of the legs to the armoire since the screws to attach the legs were located beside the bottom drawer.The Company I purchased the armoire from , VISIONDECOR , was very accomodating and easy to work with . I highly recommend doing business with them .
 it was not as nice as i thought , its cheaply made the wood is good but it looks like a 2 year old put it together .
 I was hopeful when I saw this product `` on line '' . I ordered it , and the little ball that is used to screw on and close the horseshoe key ring , came off . I returned it , and the same thing happened . Do n't waste your money .
 Blame me for thinking this looked like something Thomas Crowne would have his keys on , I should have known you get what you pay for . Not solid at all it bean to tarnish after one week of use and the metal is very soft , it bends under the slightest of pressure and will never really retain the pictured design . After two weeks it was tossed in the trash , lesson learned .
 Wore the earrings twice and the device that you secure them in broke , not very good quality .
 If you want me to buy your product first let 's compare apples to apples . Where is the description detail ? The size would be a very important piece of information for me to have to consider purchasing this item .
 The seller is correct in stating that this ring is fragile . I wore this ring only once . When I was taking it off , it slipped out of my fingers and dropped approximately 8 inches into the sink bowl . The ring broke into 4 pieces . My concern would be that it might break while someone is wearing it - I would think it could cut someone .
 The purple is n't that dark ... I was disappointed that it was lighter in color . I had it for about two weeks and I was out with friends and hit my hand on the able and the ring shattered .
 I ordered a purple ring . The one I received was a light pink color . I do n't know if they sent me the wrong one or if the website picture was off . It also had a crack in it , but I was n't sure if that was an inherent part of this kind of jade . It did n't cost very much , so it was n't worth my time to return it . It came in a cute heart-shaped box with a bow on top . I just gave it to my 3 year old daughter to play with . She liked it . She had it for a couple months and dropped it on a hard floor then it shattered into pieces . Oh well . She enjoyed it while it lasted .
 Stones are nice but the posts had rough spots that I had to clean off to keep from snagging in my ears . Once removed it appears that the silver is only a coating .
 These are very very small . Do n't get taken in by amazon 's inflated MSRP , These are not worth more than 400 $ . wife returned them without even trying .
 This is an outrageous price for such a small , insignificant piece of glass . I do hot glass and I 'd charge about $ 15 for that .
 Cute and inexpensive bellyring . Beware if you leave it in while showering it tarnishes & turns black within a week . I guess you get what you pay for . .
 DO NOT BUY THIS RING !!! IT LOOKS GOOD IN THE PICTURE BUT THE ACTUAL RING IS A CHEAP SMALLER VERSION OF THE PIX ! TERRIBLE PIECE OF JEWELRY !
 After reading all the other reviews , I was thoroughly excited to receive this ring ! However , when I got my ring there were several scratches on the ring , some were very dark scratches making them even more noticable . The design , size , & weight of the ring are great . Their customer service offered to replace the ring ONCE , but I chose not to risk getting a ring the second time that looks even worse . I am wearing the ring which obviously means it does n't look completely awful . However , I can not say I would recommend this ... especially if you are gifting it to someone else !
 I was so excited to recieve my ring after reading all of these reviews I thought that it was going to be axactly what I wanted , however when I got the ring I was not happy at all because the ring looks better online . The peace sign is so much smaller than on the picture it looks like it should be worn by a littlE girl and not by a women . I thought that the ring was going to be bigger based on the picture that I saw . I like jewlery that is noticeable and makes a fashion statement . I 'm very diassapointed with this ring and I wish that i did n't buy it ...
 I bought this ring on Sept. 9th and got it on the 12th . So shipping was fast which I was very pleased about . I have been wearing this ring for only 3 days and the coloring is already rubbing off and it has now turned to an ugly copper color . I am very diligent about taking it off in the shower and while wetting my hands . If I would have known this was going to happen I would have returned it the next day . Not worth the money . Buyers beware .
 When I got these earring I was impressed with how they looked the peridoot stones are smallish but they looked very nice.However the post broke off the second time I wore them . Very disappointed .
 not as picturednot even two tonenot to weightstill waiting for resolution
 The necklace was in terrible shape . Not only was it broken when I received it due to the jump rings not being entirely closed , but some of the decoration was n't even attached to the pearls properly . I 'm very disappointed and would have expected a LOT better considering the price . Expect when you receive it to have to do repairs on the item before giving it to someone .
 totally disappointed cheaply made and even though the price was low it did n't even meet any quality level at all .
 The strand was beautiful , although not all the pearls matched well in the terms of luminosity , and a few had ripples , but pearls are not perfect . I was thrilled when I took it out of the box . It comes in a wonderful padded booklet type storage folder , quite elegant . I wore it to work today and 5 hours into my day , I went to re-adjust the strand , as I had it doubled on my neck , and with one little lift and very light tug at the strand it pulled apart and sent a pearl flying across the floor . Its going back and as much as I 'd love to order a replacement , I would never feel confident it would n't happen again . I have a 40 dollar strand I bought on Amazon a couple of months ago , with less perfect pearls , and I use it as a lanyard for my flashdrive . Never had any problems with that one . Much as I wanted to love this strand , I ca n't trust it now . This is something I would want to be aware of , if I were thinking of buying .
 These earrings are so small they hardly fit around the upper part of the lob.Great at $ 35.00 .
 I knew within the first few seconds that this ring would be going back . I 've been looking for an inexpensive band with a row of sapphire-like stones in the middle and a row of diamond-like stones both sides and I was hoping this would be it but it was n't . This looks cheap . What was truly surprising is that they got the CZ to look so authentic but the `` sapphires '' looked like beads . This ring looks like a novelty ring . Certainly not worth the price !
 The materials are really cheap and if that does n't bother you , how about that you could n't wear this necklace at all because it has a permanent knot . To wear it , you need to cut it in half , and if you do , you will be choking yourself , when trying to put it around your neck . Do n't waste your money .
 Love this necklace SO much!Just wish it was n't made with cheap product ! It broke within a few week and I ca n't fix it because the round part where it hooks to the chain is the part that broke .
 The ring arrived on schedule , packaged in a nice gift box . It is just as I expected . Very nice !
 This product is not genuine jade . The ring fell on the floor and broke in pieces . I have more jade jewerly that I tested throwing on the floor and nothing happend to them . I asked an oriental lady from my building that she has real jade jewerly , and she told me that the ring was not genuine jade it was a fake ...
 Took over a month to receive first order . Second order was shipped -LRB- as a replacement -RRB- and took longer than it should have to arrive . Neither order could be tracked online . Finally received the original order , and it had a scratch on the charm of the bracelet . When the replacement order arrived , it was a totally different style and size . It was the cheaper version of the one I had originally bought . -LRB- the difference between a $ 50 bracelet and a $ 36 bracelet . I was not aware a different bracelet was going to be shipped -RRB- Will not purchase from here again .
 I 'm really disappointed with this purchase . I thought the ring looked beautiful online but when it arrived it 's in person appearance was much lower quality than the picture indicated - it just looks a bit cheap and tinny . If I 'd seen the ring in person , $ 35-40 is probably the most I 'd pay for it . For almost $ 70 , I expected a high quality product even if it was sterling silver and CZs.Still , I wore the ring out and got quite a few compliments on it so would have been inclined to give a more positive rating if one of the smaller fake sapphires did n't fall out THE FIRST DAY I wore the ring . I definitely would n't recommend this vendor to anyone nor will I buy from them again - which is really too bad - they have a lot of cute jewelry designs .
 The pendant was not solid and had a hollow sound to it when you tap it on your teeth it sounds like tin . In the picture shows that the pendant is two-sided but when we got it only one side has a St. Michael 's on . I do n't mind that but only rattles sounds tinny on my gold chain .
 I got this ring recently from Amazon and its tiny . Absolutly tiny . Sent it straight back . The pictures do not even closely reflect how small the ring actually is . I and my girlfriend were very annoyed at the disapointing size of the ring .
 I will start off by saying that yes , you do get what you paid for . With that said , I would still like to acknowledge the horrible clarity of this diamond , despite the relatively good price . I am the first to understand that if you want a diamond solitaire ring for under $ -LSB- ... -RSB- , do n't be too surprised by the lack of 4c 's . However , this was just ridiculous . I 've done a fair amount of jewelry shopping in second hand stores , namley pawn shops , and have come up with much beter diamonds than the one exhibited in this ring . I wish that I had taken heed to the comments/ratings left by others . Perhaps my stone was just bad , but once again , this was just ridiculous .
 I made a comparison with the photo and : Amazon shows that the diamond reaches the base , not in reality , there is a space.The diamond is smaller .
 The chain looks like it had been mended -LRB- badly -RRB- so I just tossed it out .
 The company that sales this jewelry box never bothered to send it to me . They miss marked the price so they just said oh it must of got lost in the shipping so we will give you back your money . Then I see the same item back on the web site for way more that the orginial price . What ever happened to truth in advertising was lost in this companys file and now no one knows how to use it any more . DONT shop at this company they will rip you off just like thay did me .
 It is not huge ! It is so small that my daughter ca n't fit her toy jewelery in it . It is a toy .
 I think the pendant is absolutely beautiful but I also agree that is does not sit properly on the neck because of the large back on it for the chain . If that was made smaller it would look better . Unfortunate that a simple design flaw can ruin the entire thing .
 I bought this charm for myself cause it 's my birthstone but when I recieved it I was not happy with the way it is made . It does n't sit flat on your chest , no matter what chain you put it on . It 's very small and I do n't think the color is very good . I NEVER wear it !
 There is no way this pendant will lay properly due to the poor design . I 'm not thrilled with the color of the stone , either , but could overlook that if the pendant would lay flat as it appears in the illustration .
 I agree with the other reviewers . Pretty necklace , but the designed is flawed . The necklace never sits right on your neck which unfortunately makes it look really bad .
 The loop that connects this pendant to the chain is so big that the pendant will not lay flat , it keeps flipping over . I took it to a jeweler who said they had never seen anything crafted with such a poor design ! Such a beautiful necklace , it was to match earrings I gave to my sister . Now they wo n't even take it back because it was a Christmas gift , but I bought it so early that I was n't able to return it within the 30 days required . What a HUGE waste of money !
 The celtic knot on the pendant is not as delicate as it looks in the picture , it 's more pointy and skinny and I prefer the one in the picture better . The pendant itself does n't lay flat at all due to an over-sized loop on the back of the product . Everything comes off as rather cheap and not worth the cost at all . Do n't be fooled by the picture ! -LRB- However , the topaz is lovely and catches the light . -RRB- Edit
 This charm is meant for some other application -- it does not work on th chain it comes with ... but it is beautiful . If I find out HOW it can be used , I 'll update my review . Some people have suggested it 's a belly button ring charm , a pearl enhancer -- but I do n't know how it would clip on or a charm for a torque .
 The watch is nice looking , but the links are really cheap . The are made of a thin metal and dent very easily .
 This item looks and feels very cheap - perhaps because it is . It is lightweight because it 's hollow , which I did n't expect , and there are visible seams along the sides of the charm where the two halves were joined together , and a hole in the bottom where they were n't joined all the way . The loop where the hook is attached to the charm seems flimsy .
 The charm is very cheap and lightweight as it is hollow . The charm feels more like a cheap piece of plastic . There are highly visible seams along the sides of the charm where the two halves were joined together . The loop where the hook is attached to the charm also seems flimsy . The chain that came with the charm did seem to be decent quality but I did not buy it for the chain . My wife was very disappointed and I returned the item .
 I bought this for my gf . It 's nice for the price , but the clasp NEVER holds . It comes off ALL the time .
 Online this ring looks great , but in person it is disappointing . I have small hands -LRB- size 5 -RRB- and while it is obviously a dainty ring , the teeny stones made it look like children 's jewelry . The prongs are the only metal that is visible when you wear it , so looking down at it you ca n't appreciate that the ring is made of 3 different colors . Based on the other reviews I took a chance and I do n't want anyone else to make the same mistake . I 've returned the ring and am looking forward to picking out something else . Amazon as usual made the return process very easy !
 Pros
 I returned mine . The ring is very large ... taking up the entire length of my finger between my middle and end knuckle . Some people can carry this look off but it is not a good look for a smallish person like me . Also , the `` stone '' part looks like enamel rather than the cool , unique stone that I thought it was going to look like . The color is beautiful but is lacks the depth and variety that would make it look like a true natural stone .
 I returned mine . The ring is very large ... taking up the entire length of my finger between my middle and end knuckle . Some people can carry this look off but it is not a good look for a smallish person like me . Also , the `` stone '' part looks like enamel rather than the cool , unique stone that I thought it was going to look like . The color is beautiful but is lacks the depth and variety that would make it look like a true natural stone .
 I returned mine . The ring is very large ... taking up the entire length of my finger between my middle and end knuckle . Some people can carry this look off but it is not a good look for a smallish person like me . Also , the `` stone '' part looks like enamel rather than the cool , unique stone that I thought it was going to look like . The color is beautiful but is lacks the depth and variety that would make it look like a true natural stone .
 Tungsten is an industrial grade metal , and asking $ 250 for no more than 20 grams is absolutely ridiculous . WAY WAY WAY OVER PRICED .
 I have to agree with the first review , this ring is simply overpriced . I 've owned several tungsten rings now , and have never payed more than $ 50 for one , and some much less than that . And I 'm talking about rings that are far fancier than this one . Here 's a roughly equivalent tungsten ring for $ 30 : High Polish Beveled Edge Tungsten Carbide Ring sizes 9 to 12And that ring features only minimal styling . You could just as easily move up to this absolutely gorgeous ring which features a similar concave design but also gorgeous laser cut-styling , for a grand total of $ 49:8 MM Concave Black Laser Etched Tungsten Carbide Ring Wedding Band Sizes 8 to 13In fact , a quick search for tungsten rings on Amazon will quickly show that these prices are not unusual , but are in fact par for the course . Tungsten is a perfect ring-making material that I highly recommend . I have two that I 've worn for over a year now that are still scratch-free , despite the abuse I put them through , wearing on the job , etc. . So unless you 're absolutely dying for this exact styling you have a lot of options.On another note , I own a concave ring similar to this one and must say that they look and feel great . Even though tungsten does n't scratch , the concave design makes the possibility of scratching even more remote . I own the second ring I linked here , and I am quite confident that the center design will remain beautiful for decades to come due to the protective concave shape .
 I just received it today and wore it for the first time . Cute necklace , but as I was sitting in class , I felt the pearl fall down my shirt and realized the chain had spontaneously broken near the clasp . A bit disappointed - it was a pretty necklace . I 'll be returning it .
 While I was trying to mount the Jewelry mirror on the wall -LRB- doing some leveling and adjusting work -RRB- , one of the tip of the nail which located at the edge and the back of the box made a lot of scratches on the wall . It is not supposed to be stick out from the box - badly quality control . After mounting the mirror on the wall , I found the two screws with the wall anchor is not really matched because the mirror was very loose on this two screws -LRB- no problem on the third screw because it was on the wall stud -RRB- . I can easily take out the wall anchor after taking out the jewelry mirror and now I need to replace a better wall anchor and/or screw !! Finally , I made a call and nicely complain to the SEI and they hand up on me !!! Okay , the jewelry mirror may still good to use but just be aware the above problem .
 Here it is - her -LRB- Suz Andreasea 's -RRB- own statement to me when I did not approve of my little $ 125 purchase , NO red stones - take it to heart buyers.From Suz to me , a Customer
 The Luck Casino Pendant weas the right size and I loved the shape , but the item was very cheap looking and not shiny at all . I bought a longer chain for it -LRB- not an expensive one -RRB- and the pendant was so dull looking , I could not wear them together . I would not reccoment this product to anyone.MFT - Jacksonville , FL
 It is a pretty ring but I was disappointed with the color , it is not as blue as shown in the picture
 Shipped quickly the wrong ring . Wanted me to pay for return shipping on their mistake . Took almost a month to get proper ring shipped to me . I gave an extra star for the ring as it is a very nice ring . Procede with caution on purchasing . If you get the problem I got , get Amazon involved quicker than I did . It was n't until I contacted Amazon , rather than company directly that I got results .
 I purchased this ring and was very disapointed . I had it less than 24 hours before it turned my finger green . This is a sign of poor quality . I have been wearing sterling silver for over 25 years and have only had this happen with cheap costume jewlery . I wont be purchasing any more from this company .
 I ordered this ring after purchasing the Amazon Amber Celtic Love Knot ring and loving it and I have to say I am pretty disappointed . It is not nearly as nice , the stone is too flat in the ring , and it turned my finger green within a few hours of wear . Sterling silver is n't supposed to do that . I do n't think I will be purchasing any more items from this seller .
 i did not get the right item i ordered . in addition to being the wrong item , the ring was bent and defective when it arrived . i contacted the seller through amazon and i got a full refund for the item within a matter of hours . amazon and the seller have both excellent customer service . but , i am disappointed that i did not get the ring i wanted/ordered . i checked on the website and it says , unavailable . pity !
 If you are buying for children I would recommend it but it is ENTIRELY to small for adults . I wo n't order this type of product again without finding out the size .
 I loved these when I got them . I have 5 piercings in each ear and loved that I had options to get different sized balls so I could stack them up my ear . They worked well for 2 weeks and then my ears started bothering me . I wore these 24/7 . Other people have mention the discoloring on the post of the earring . Mine were not only discolored but the metal was corroding . I ended up with an infection in most of my ten piercings . Do not buy this product if you need silver earrings .
 Read the product desription closely , folks -- it is a Faberge STYLE egg , NOT a Faberge egg . Hence the 99.9945 % discount .
 obviously there was a typo here . look at their other products - all between 250 $ and 400 $ .
 I am only trying to save money for anyone who is interested in this item . the Onyx is beautiful , and smoothly cut , however the pendent is very cheaply made , and poorly crafted . the design of this item causes the onyx to spin making scratches in the mineral . while it is a comfortable weight , but only due to the low quality material that it was made from .
 This charm is a total waste of money ! The words are so small you ca n't even read them . Worst italian charm I ever bought ! -LRB- and I 've bought many ! -RRB-
 Just a piece of metal ? I thought it was supposed to go on a bracelet at least ... Either way you ca n't read the writing at all .
 If I could give zero stars , I would . The leverback hooks for the earrings are different , very noticeably DIFFERENT . One is so much larger than the other , as to be very noticeable when worn . When I put them on , one earring hangs lower than the other . Even looking at them , the other hook is wider . It would be so much money to send them back that it is n't worth it , since they were 8.50 on sale . I will likely just throw them into the trash . I do n't know how much a jeweler would charge me to get a leverbacks matching in size . The pearls actually match fine ... , though.Not sure I will ever purchase from this seller again , unless it is an item that does not come as a pair . -- an update
 I bought this earings for myself thinking the price was great and I read the reviews so everything seem great . When they where deliver I saw that I made a big mistake . The dlivery charge puts this earings around 14 dollars and for that you can find better ones at the mall . These earings are a joke.The flea market sell better earings for a dollar .
 First off . When I initially got this item I was incredibly happy . Estatic even . I 've been looking for something like this for a long time . The only problems I had at first were minor . The chain was too small for me to wear comfortably , and for added protection , I doubled the hoop thing that the necklace goes through . Other than that , I was happy.But after wearing it a couple days , I 've noticed the back of the pendant has started to wrap/bubble . And it kind of creeps me out . I do n't know why . I guess it seems kind of cheap . The main reason I wanted to buy it was to wear , but I do n't want to wear it if it 'll disintergrate on me , or have the bubbling become worse.Still . I would liked to have rated this higher . When I got it , I was so happy . It was beautiful . Much better than the picture . But , I guess it 's still nice .
 It certainly is stamped .925 , but it 's not solid silver , it 's plated . And cheap plating at that -- it wore off within a month . I still have this ring , but it 's not worth what I paid for it .
 I got this charm for my fiance for a pretty hefty price . I finally got it to realize how much i waisted my money the description says hand polished but wht they mean is they picked it up to throw it in the machine . There was excess metal not cut off and the cones of the bit didnt even look like cones . They did a very poor job i would insist not to waist money on this product and this makes the company look really bad
 This is a cute ring however if you do n't keep it on your toe and have to continually adjust it , the metal will give and it 's broken . This would be more worth it out of a cracker jack box .
 EDITIt broke after a week of wearing!This a very cute toe ring ! only thing is that of course because it is filigree its going to be brittle so be careful ! I would not take this one on and off allot , but it does dig into your toe if you are wearing socks and boots . It left a bloody ring round my toe where it dug in . I have been wearing toe rings my whole life so I 'm used to that feeling but if this is your first time I would recommended one that is flat all around.As for he look , well its allot prettier in person ! very cute and flattering ! I thought it was going to be bigger because of the picture put its really the perfect size ! I 'm very happy with this purchase !
 Let me compliment these earrings first
 this ring looks a lot more delicate in person , veery thin and skimpy . The mounting definitely yells `` I 'm silver '' , it 's not a good imitation of a diamond ring . did not like workmanship . Diamond size is very nice and the side stones too , mounting is very silvery looking and skimpy , looks very frail . Came in a box , quick shipping and quick return process .
 I bought these earings for my daughter couple of months ago . It seemed okay they were 10K yellow gold fo a 4year old , but after 1 month of wearing them they turned copper like color . I do n't think there is any type of gold left there . I think they were covered with a thin layer of gold . They look bad now and I would like to be able to return them.I never got any kind of certificate of quality with these earings and I understand why.they looked nice in the picture and maybe fort the first month .
 This ring only works if you want a cheap looking piece . The silver is high enough quality that it did n't turn my finger green but the stones are visibly fake . The baguettes are especially horrid and the * emerald * cut is really a radiant cut . The only good thing is the company 's fast shipping . It actually got here 2 days after I ordered it . * You get what you pay for * definitely applies here .
 I ordered this ring when my real engagement ring was being sized so I would n't have to deal with questions from nosy coworkers . As another reviewer pointed out , the stone is not emerald cut ... which did n't really matter because it fell out of the setting about 3 days after I got it .
 Item cracked and broke after only about 3 days of wearing it , it was cheaply made and a waste of money .
 The smaller size does not matter with this ring it looks super fake ! Mine looked so plastics I was embarrassed to even wear it on my right hand . I bought the ring just to try different styles with my wedding bands . The price was right for a trail ring but nothing else . This ring is going in my junk drawer .
 First of all this ring is very small ... . It is cute though . I purchase it as a place holder while my wedding rings were being sized . The fit isnt true . I am a 6 and the ring wouldnt stay on top of my finger it rolled aroud . Also , it looks plastic ... Nothing real looking about it .
 I 'm returning this ring ! It is not real sterling silver . Real .925 sterling does not and will not bend and the CZ looks a lot worse than it does online . Very very disappointed .
 I bought this ring to wear as an engagement ring . Well , it is crap . It looks so fake and easily bends at the top .
 I will say that this is a nice little ring to have around just to wear and feel pretty and girly BUT , two of the prongs on the setting are so badly bent that I have snagged and RUINED -LRB- at least in my opinion -RRB- a satin comforter -LRB- which did not belong to me -RRB- and I scratched my leg AND arm with it so badly I bled , both times ... So parents beware if you are buying this ring for a younger child/preteen . Just my two cents : -RRB-
 When I got this ring I was so disappointed . It is SO fake looking . If your looking for something that no one will be able to tell is cubic zirconia look somewhere else . Even the metal band was nasty looking . It just looks so cheap . Waste of 15 $ do n't buy !
 This ring is very cheaply made , the band looks as if it will snap . It 's off center and the stones not even square . Totally disatisfied .
 I got this ring in the mail today and when I opened it I knew it was not for me.The whole ring , band and the stone are much smaller then the picture . Not much shineto the stone either . Looks cheap . I guess you get what you pay for .
 Way too small , and I really liked the ring , but it squeezed my finger . I would order a size larger if not 2 sizes larger . I already ordered a new one that is more expensive , but hopefully it is n't the same problem .
 this ring was not what i expected at all from looking at the photos and reading the previous reviews . the stone is not like the othe cubic zirconias that i have seen . it has this very defined `` X '' shape in the stone from the way they cut it . the metal is very very cheap . it gets scratched very easy . i guess its a good temp . ring till you can afford a real ring but dont expect anything more than a vending machine quility ring . thats exactly what my bf said when he saw it .
 The ring looked like I got it from a vending machine . Granted it was n't much , but I still paid to much for it . The picture makes it look great . My ring was n't even close to looking like this .
 Stone fell out 4days of having the ring . i wish that i would of not bought this ring !! it was pretty and i liked the look and style . but its cheap
 I bought this ring for my gf . We were very surprised when we find out that this ring was really poor quality . It means not white gold only from some metal and sapphire was really not sapphire but only zircon or something like that .
 I love how this ring looks but , if you wear it for a long period of time it starts to irritate your finger . The bottom of the diamond is sharp and it sticks into your skin .
 This was a first time for me.I expereinced an extremely late delivery . When I did recieve the earrings one was broken , or apart , and seperate from the other earring which was in a plastic and zipped envelope ???? Since I had allot of expereince with making my own jewelry , I was able to use my personal jewelry tools to put the earrings back together.Once this was accomplished , and the earrings were on my ears , they did not face forward , they seemed to turn in the wrong direction.After lots of tweaking , being careful not to break the metal , I was able to adjust the earring to face front ward.For the price and time spent selecting these earrings ... I felt this purchase was not worth all the trouble and repair time I had to spend ... The delivery was seperate , even though I requested these earrings be combined with additonal purchases , I had made / purchased the same day , therefore S&H ; was additional so I felt for all the trouble and cost , these earrings were just not worth my efforts.They are also weigh heavy on my ears ... Rather than return these earring and incur yet additional S&H ; fee 's , I will gift them to a friend .
 I bought these earrings for my mother for Christmas . I was very dissappointed . The pearls are a milky white , not pinkish as they appear in the picture . They dangle a tad crooked . The pearls themselves are average at best . I do not recommend these earrings .
 I purchased this itam for my niece and gave it to her for christmas , she was able to where it for 4 days before the charm fell off , only buy if you do n't plan on wearing this .
 Although the gold colour was rich and appealing , the size of the charm was way too small for my purposes . So , I returned it for a refund .
 i got this ring today , and it do not look like the picture . the ring looks cheap . the design you see in this picture is not what i got . do not buy this ring you will be very upset when you get it out of your mail box .
 earrings were a little too small for me but I kept them . The measurements throws me off .
 I tried to leave a review before but amazon wont let me . These posts are so thick you cant possibly get them into your ears .
 Twenty dollars for a ring does not guarantee its quality , but it should n't mean it 's a piece of junk either . For the first week , I wore this ring happily and was impressed with its comfort -LRB- I would afraid it would be stabby -RRB- and attractiveness . Since the two flowers are not connected , I thought I might be able to adjust the band size slightly . A small amount of manipulation later ... crack . I did n't break it , but it was clear that the ring was not at full strength . I kept wearing it , expecting it to split in half , and it would be my fault -LRB- though I would have expected something a little stronger -RRB- . Then , about a week after that , I put on the ring in the morning and noticed one of the stones had fallen out . Now the ring is double broken . Lame . Considering my cheaper everyday ring , theMarvelous .925 Sterling Silver Band Princess Cut Clear Cubic Zirconia Solitaire Slim Promise Ring , has stood up to far worse mishaps , I think that the price on this ring is too high , and the production just is n't a decent quality at all . Unless the price drops by half -LRB- at least -RRB- , save your money .
 I ordered this bracelet for a Christmas gift and when I received it I was thoroughly disappointed . The bracelet is very thin and cheap . I probably would have come out better going to the Piercing Pagoda in the mall . Needless to say I had to find a replacement gift for my sister because I would not give this bracelt to anybody .
 I was really excited about this necklace . The picture looked really cool . But in real life , there are symbols carved onto some of the beads -LRB- they look kind of arabic to me , I do n't know if they are , but I sure do n't know what they are or what they mean -RRB- . The larger beads are not really `` beads '' they are woven balls -LRB- they are not hard -RRB- . This is not something I would wear .
 Ordered this necklace for a gift . It is very ugly and cheap looking . Hard to tell on the photo , but the little beads that are n't shiny are very weird looking . Hard to describe , but trust me it is not attractive . I sold it in a garage sale for $ .25 3 days after I received it .
 I ordered this product as a gift for a bridesmaid in my wedding . The store sent me the wrong toe ring so I contacted them requesting that they correct the error . They told me they would send the correct ring immediately and never did . I contacted them numerous times thereafter and they did not respond again . I would not do business with this store ever again .
 I bought this ring to replace my real diamond wedding band , to wear for everyday use . When I first took it out of the box I was amazed at how real it looks and feels . It 's a fairly weighted ring , does not feel cheap . Once I put it on , I fell in LOVE with it ! I actually like it better than my real ring ! I have read other reviews that say the center diamond is to small or set low , but in my opinion , thats what I love about it the most , it gives it this modest yet expensive look . I did n't want a fake ring that looked to unreal for me to be wearing or too REAL that I get mugged ! -LRB- meaning HUGE & SPARKLY -RRB- Overall I 'm very very happy with my ring , and I would recommend it to anyone ! : -RRB- UPDATE :01 / 10/11I am so sad , after wearing the ring just a few days one of the stones fell from the solitaire . I really loved this set , the look , the fit and the feel , but unfortunately I must return it ! : -LRB-
 I love the look if the ring but the first day I wore it to work and I 'm a hotel manager so I have a desk job I picked up a stack of books and my ring bent and no one can fix it
 I purchased this ring to replace my lost wedding ring -LRB- put it in a safe place and do n't remember where that safe place is -RRB- . Shipping was okay , not slow but not fast either.When I first opened the ring box I was instantly disappointed . The `` diamonds '' look fake . `` Diamonds '' have that blue tinge to do that screams fake.When I picked the rings up , they felt fake as well . That lightweight feel you get when you hold a 50 cent ring from the store machines.I have had it about 2 weeks and both rings have already begun to tarnish.Overall , I would definitely not repurchase and I caution anyone who is looking for a wedding ring replacement or a ring to wear daily not to purchase this ring set .
 I bought this about half month ago . But it start to get dark now . Is it sliver ??? Not worth the price , not fit for everyday wear .
 it looked real/beautiful on internet but when i got it , i wasnt satisfied 100 % at all . This item will be my first and last order .
 I have to say I was a little disappointed when I received this product . I was looking for a temporary set while my wedding set was getting worked on and thought I would give this a shot since it had pretty good reviews . I knew I was n't getting diamond quality , obviously , but these rings look very fake even from an arm 's distance away . However , Gem Ave 's service was very good and I received my product in a timely manner .
 Turns fingers green ! Completely fake , not even real metal ! Would have rather wear plastic out the bubble gum machine ! Not recommended !
 I got this set because I lost alot of weight and I am not able to re-size my old ring set since the diamonds are all around the bands :-LRB- So I figured this is going to be a nice replacement till my husband is getting me a new set for my birthday in December . To be honest I dont believe this is going to hold up for 6 month at all . The ring set is made very poor ! There is a gab inbetween the stones witch I will end up loosing ! I know what I am talking about I work in this department . The price tag should have told me everything ! Not worth sending back so I will stuck with it and hope december gets here fast ! :-RRB- I would not recommend buying this set ! Save your money and get something nice . Oh by the way if my husband would have bought me this set I would have killed him lol but since it was my own stupid idee I can even blame anybody but myself so guys be advised she will say NO if you buy her a crapy set like this ! I know I would for sure ! Please dont mind my english I am a proud German and yes this ring set ships to Germany thats the only reason I gave it a 2 star !
 The rings look great together . I really wanted to enjoy it for a long time , but it lasted about 2 weeks . First let me say that the center stone was not sitting evenly in the prongs when it arrived , but I thought it looked fine . One of the prongs got caught on something and got bent after a couple of days of wear . I bent it back in place , but it looked like it could snap off . Well a few days later it did break off and a few hours later I lost the large stone . I found the stone , but the main ring is not really wearable until I can get it fixed -LRB- add new prong -RRB- . I am thinking the fix will cost as much as the ring so I am not sure what to do . The set is beautiful and I wanted to use it to replace my original set , but obviously it was not made well .
 Upon opening this ring , I thought , `` wow , this is beautiful ! '' And then I took it out of it 's cute little box and my heart sank . It was lighter than air , and felt like it was made out of plastic . I wore it for the day , took it off that night , and realized that it was scratched where the stone on the engagement ring meets the wedding band.I am sadly disappointed in this purchase . It was cheap , and now I know why . I was unsure of whether or not I actually wanted a fancy diamond wedding set , and this answered my question , at a very inexpensive price . I now know that the traditional wedding set is not for me . I 'm glad I purchased this ring first before I purchased something far more expensive.At a glance the ring is beautiful . If you do n't mind feeling like you are wearing a plastic ring , then go for it . I for one need something a little more substantial and will be purchasing a Robert Lee Morris ring for my wedding ring .
 When I first got this it was very pretty , however in the 9months I 've had it it 's gotten very tarnished . I would not recommend this ring to anyone .
 The diamond does not have any height to it . This ring looks very cheap . I was not empressed with this product at all . I sent it back for a refund .
 very pretty but the gold turned a different color ! i will never do the cubic again online i recommend silver gold but not cubic
 The set was actually really nice looking . BUT , the center stone is tottally crooked ! It really throws off the look of the ring and the center diamond has no height to it at all . I really dont know how to feel about this set because its a really beautiful set . But it also has a really big flaw . 50 % good and 50 % bad . But otherwise nice and believable . Im returning my set that i just recieved today . Not happy about the center stone at all .
 !!!! BUYER BEWARE !!!!! When I received this set , to say that I was disappointed , would be a gross understatement . I was disgusted ! First of all , the ring was damaged/defective -LRB- whatever you want to call a mess up -RRB- . The center stone was improperly set and positioned within he prongs . It was crooked . And I assure you it was extremely obvious . It did n't take any close inspection to see . It was glaring . Then the prongs themselves were also bent down in mismatched places on the stone , one being bent straight down the side edge of the stone vs. pointing relatively toward the center . This only added to the overall impression of the stone being crooked . It made the stone look as if IT were misshapen and cut wrong.I get that you ca n't expect fake jewelry that costs $ 30 to be the same quality as the real deal ... But this ? It looks like it came off the $ 5 carousel at walmart . And frankly , I would n't have bought it from there , for that price . It looks like crap . It looks like a gumball machine ring , or something that could have come out of a little girl 's dress up set.Now , even had the prongs been set properly , etc. . I still would n't have worn it . That just added insult to injury . The ring , had it been in perfect shape , still would have looked like something from the dollar store . It does n't look anymore `` real '' than a peice of glass stuck in a plastic band . The silver even looks funny . It looks like tin foil . The reflective sheen is a dead give away.The stones do n't look like diamonds at all . They do n't even look like good immitations . They look like cheap junk.Also the center stone is waaaaaaaaaaaaaaay to large to be believable . On anybody . It 's about a 3-4 ct. stone . It looks absurdly fake . So unless you think that your friends might actually be able to bring themselves to believe that you could afford a $ 15,000.00 ring , then ummm yeah it 'll be too big.And if you can pull that off , then maybe you can also convince them that you know , all good metals are as shiny as tin foil , too.Don ' t get this ring . Do n't waste your money.BTW . . I found a beautiful , well crafted and believable ring for a little bit more $ $ $ -LRB- but still at a VERY decent price -RRB- at -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I loved this ring at first , It was very sparkly and realistic but I only have had it for only 1 month and two of the side stones fell out ! I did n't hit it on anything . I do n't even know when it happened , I just looked down and it was broken . I do n't do anything that is really hard on my hands but I am a medical assistant so I wash my hands a lot and it has gotten pretty dull . I was really disappointed by this ring . I really had high expectations because of all of the rave and wonderful reviews ... but now I 'm just sad .
 Thats sums it up , spend a little more and buy something else you wont regret it , its already losing its color
 My fiance bought this ring and put it on my finger a month ago . It was beautiful and we were so excited . After a month of regular wear , the band started changing colors , the band has bent , and we can not get it fixed . Furthermore , the stone has a milky color to it and cleaning does no good . This ring has broken both of our hearts . Buyer be warned . If you intend to wear this as an engagement ring -LRB- as in one you do n't take off -RRB- , do n't buy this ring . If you plan to wear it as costume jewelry , I am sure it will be fine .
 This ring began to tarnish within 5 hours of my first wearing it . I am aware that certain chemicals in the body may react to metal , but I have never had any issue with sterling silver before . So , the fact that my finger turned green and the ring turned black made me think this was n't real silver . When I attempted to clean the ring with a silver cleaning cloth , the ring turned a strange white color . I will not be purchasing anything from this vendor again , because I do not believe they are selling real sterling silver .
 ordered a size larger than I would usualy wear , after reading the last review , and it still does n't fit . I want to send it back but then I will have to pay for shipping and they say that you need to put insurance on it if you are sending it back : -LRB-
 This bracelet is made very cheap . I was careful with it but it broke after about 4 months and then it was too late to return it . I am stuck with a piece of junk .
 this seller does not give the size , of the jewelry , becausethe items I got , including these earrings , were very small/tiny . These were so small one can hardly make out what they are.I asked for a refund quite some time ago and have not received it yet .
 Very small , and dull looking with finish . The clasp was hard to open and close and necklace seems very easy to break . Not worth the money , better off getting a sterling silver chain .
 I was pretty sure what size diamond I wanted to replace . I just did some research online to determine if the color and clarify listed would be sufficient . Once I received the diamond -LRB- J-K Color , I3 Clarity -RRB- it looked like it had a piece of thread on it . I wiped it off with a soft cloth , looked at it through a jeweler 's loop , which I just happen to have in my desk , and saw realized that thread was a huge inclusion throughout the top of the diamond . It could be seen clearly with the naked eye and not using 10X magnification as the learning guides say . Realizing my mother ca n't see very well and time was too short , I gave it to her for Christmas anyway . I just hope she does n't let anyone with good eyesight see it up close .
 It is very cheap for 1/2 carat , but you get what you pay for . The diamond I received has a very visible flaw in the middle . I ended up returning it . Have no complaint about Amazon , which is very fast in shipping and easy on return .
 had this product for a week before the jewels started falling off . You get what you pay for
 If you think they will loke the same as in the picture , you 're wrong . It looks more like something very cheap , from a cheap bazaar . I hope my wife will like it .
 Very pretty ring , but came a sa very small diameter and could n't even be strethced so sadly had to be split.If it was n't so cute . I would have returned it .
 The product was a little smaller than we expected . I measured it and it was 7 inches but just too small for my wife 's wrist.She 's average hight and weight but we had to return this for a larger size .
 This is a cute ring but it is not adjustable and can not be worn as toe ring .
 Well the ring in the picture looked alot bigger than it was , way bigger . So am returning it because it was a gift for my wife and she could bairly see the diamonds in the ring .
 THIS RING WAS TARNISHED WHEN I RECEIVED IT . IT ALSO STARTED TO TURN GREEN . DO NOT GET
 You will require microscope to look at the stones.The chain is so thin , not sure how manys hours or days it is going to last.not worth buying ,
 I was disappointed with the size of the stone . This ring was a little nothing .
 I ordered these for my wife for last Valentine 's Day . I was VERY disappointed . Very tiny , cheap looking . Looked like they were for a small child . I gave a 2-star rating , but I felt that was too high .
 Purchased this for a gift . Quality is trash compared to earrings that I had previously purchased from Blue Nile with similar color/clarity . Looks like dirty pieces of glass versus shiny diamonds -LRB- Blue Nile -RRB- . You can see flaws with the naked eye , under no magnification . Extremely disappointed ; however , item was purchased for a gift and too late to return by the time I received it . Reluctantly gave it as a gift anyways . : -LRB-
 I brought this bracelet for my girlfriend about two months ago , and she kept snagging the `` U '' on almost everything ; her clothing , other bracelets , her hair , and even on me from time to time . Each time the `` U '' on this bracelet got caught in something , it 'd slightly bend . Of course you can always bend it back , but after time , tension is going to cause it to just break off.If the person you plan on getting this for is n't going to wear it all the time , like every day , then yes , go ahead and get it for them . If you 're quite sure they will wear it a majority of the time , I would suggest looking for another bracelet .
 I wore this on and off for about 2 years , then one day when I woke up , the tanzanite had fallen off . I looked but never been able to find it . One of the prongs was slightly bent . So even though it looked pretty , it 's very flimsy and definitely not worth it . I had to sell it along with a bunch of other gold .
 this bracelet is too small to ware , looks like made for little girl . From the image showed on website , we could n't tell .
 I purchased this as a secret-Santa gift . I thought it was so cute ! Just to make sure it was okay , I removed the plastic and played it . It is horribly out of tune . It sounds like an off-key , drunken and creepy version of `` when you wish upon a star '' . I could keep it as a really creepy conversation piece -LRB- `` Hey , you want to know what a nightmare sounds like ? '' -RRB- , but I 'm going to return it instead .
 beautiful ring but the band bent and the stone fell out . also dryed my skin out and left a hard callus on finger .
 The quality and the stone setting were good , but the color was dull orange-red and not very easily visible against a tanned skin tone . Not worth it , if you are expecting a deeper rich colored garnet gemstone .
 The garnets are pink , not a deep red like I expected . I personally do n't like it . Otherwise , it is a nicely made ring . Also , I am a size 5 and the 7 stones are just too much they hit the sides of my other fingers .
 I ordered this necklace and it was pretty but it was huge ! Not at all to my taste , and the chain is an odd cable , very industrial looking .
 This Pendant is on the cheap looking side - but you get what you pay for I guess .
 nice earrings - delicate earrings ; good length for a person who is not sure they could wear dangling earrings
 This ring is on a par with what you might get from a bubble gum machine . The silver is of very poor quality , and you can actually bend it with your fingers.Very flimsy , and it is definitly going to be returned .
 I thought this ring looked interesting in the photo , but in person it is flimsy , flexible and relatively cheap looking .
 I went with the positive reviews on this ring and ordered it . When it arrived , I immediately packed it back up and returned it . It is cheap looking and thin . And what is worse , by the time I paid shipping and the restocking fee , it cost me almost $ 10 NOT to buy this crappy ring .
 This ring is on a par with what you might get from a bubble gum machine . The silver is of very poor quality , and you can actually bend it with your fingers.Very flimsy , and it is definitly going to be returned .
 I thought this ring looked interesting in the photo , but in person it is flimsy , flexible and relatively cheap looking .
 I went with the positive reviews on this ring and ordered it . When it arrived , I immediately packed it back up and returned it . It is cheap looking and thin . And what is worse , by the time I paid shipping and the restocking fee , it cost me almost $ 10 NOT to buy this crappy ring .
 Although the product specifications state that the diamond is IGI certified , a certification does not come with the pendant ! Very nice otherwise . Would have 4 stars if it had the certification . I will have it appraised to ensure the quality stated in the specifications is factual before the 30 day return period ... just in case .
 Yes , I know at 150 bucks you need to keep your expectations low for anything you may buy in the jewelry area . This thing arrived in a little blue/pouch bag with a small presentation type box included . Any jeweler with half a brain knows that you dont just throw any neckless in a bag and ship it out . It arrived a royal tangled knotted up mess . I worked at trying to get it apart for a few minutes but finally gave up . A blown Christmas present . Thanks Amazon . From what I could see of it , the quality is about what you would expect for the price . The clasp was thin-cheap-o along with the chain that held it all together . Once again , there are things you should NOT buy on the internet . Jewelery is one of them and Amazon should know better than letting the temporary Christmas help do the packaging not mention marketing of Christmas `` specials '' . .
 It 's not nearly the quality I was expecting . First day after washing my hands a few times , it started to turn my finger green . I have to constantly switch where I wear it to avoid this . It 's very thin , a flimsy feeling but still cute enough to wear as an accessory when going out .
 This ring is one of three I bought at the same time ... the other two fit perfectly , and I wear them daily . This one just does n't fit correctly . It says it 's the right size , but it is either mis-marked or this company 's size 7 is different from the standard size . Disappointed in the ring .
 I will be MUCH more careful next time - if there is a next time , when ordering . The ring is very poor quality . My bad , the picture made it look better than it is .
 I LOVE THIS LITTLE RING , BUT ITS VERY VERY THIN METAL . CANT WEAR IT TO OFTEN CAUSE IT BENDS VERY EASYLY . THANKS
 This ring was extremely small . My Husband bought this for me as a `` get out of trouble gift '' and ordered a 10 , well , we took it to our jewlers and it was an 8 !!!! NOT COOL !
 This ring looked thicker than it was . It bent on my finger the first day . Quality is NOT GOOD and the photo is misleading .
 This ring is very thin in volume this makes it very uncomfortable when wearing it cuts into the skin . For the price it is ok .
 Turned my finger green in less than 2 hours after having it on . Did n't send it back cause it was n't worth the hassle and cost .
 The ring is beautiful . . This company is crap . Who sells a ring with the garnet stone with a chuck of it missing ? Pitiful . If I had noticed it earlier , I would have petitioned for my money back .
 Although this ring is gorgeous , and very ornate -LRB- for such a small ring -RRB- . There was one drawback . It turned my finger green . I only wear sterling silver or white gold jewelry , and I have many sterling silver rings , none of those rings have turned my finger green . This lead me to believe that the ring was not sterling silver as it states on the website . I would not recommend buying this ring , or any jewelry from the silver insanity company .
 The ring was nice and looked like picture but had a crack in one Garnet and another one had a large chip .
 Although the box was adorably small , the figurines were misshapen . I could have fixed that because I like doing that . Unfortunately the tune `` Jingle Bells '' did n't include the chorus !!! What 's Jingle Bells without the chorus ? I could n't fix that so I returned it .
 The music box was a dissappointment , . The song ended before its natural conclusion ; it did not matter how it was wound . The quality was poor .
 I had this ring for years and lost it a few months ago , so I was very excited when I found it here online and at such a great price . It came very quickly and I had no problems receiving the order but the ring itself was so disappointing . It looks nothing like the product pictured ! It 's a very shiny silver . Nothing like the beautiful antiqued look in the picture or how my old ring used to look . Its also very cheap looking . Like it came from a quarter machine in an arcade . DO N'T ORDER IT . it looks nothing like the ring in the picture . I am so bummed . I hope I get my money back .
 I concur with the other 1 star review . The ring is cheap and looks nothing like the picture . It does n't have an antiqued finish as shown . It looks like something you 'd get out of a quarter machine at a grocery store.If you want to impress your lady , look elsewhere .
 I bought these studs and they 're very pretty , simple and nice . However , they did n't last long . The post came off of one of the earrings and the stone fell out . Not worth even the 14.99 . : - -LRB-
 I had no trouble opening this pillbox , but once I did I had two surprises . First , it was not polished on the inside . And worse , it had a price sticker on it marked $ 7.90 . Deeper and better made is the Frank Lloyd Wirght pillbox for the same price I found on Amazon . Although not sterling silver it is much nicer and appropriately priced .
 This pill box is extremely difficult to open once it 's closed . And I am not some arthritic senior citizen , but an active 35 year old with good dexterity.The lid fits too tightly once it 's snapped shut , and the lip of the lid is flush with the bottom piece . Very aerodynamic I 'm sure , but you 'll break all your fingernails trying to pry it open . I have to use a nail file tip to open it again.Also , the craftmanship of the piece is poor in general , especially for an item of this price . The sticker inside says `` Made in Thailand '' , and frankly it shows.Save your money and look for something else .
 The stone fell out of this ring about 5 weeks after it was received . Apparently it had exceeded the 30 day return date , but Army Universe agreed to correct the mistake . The ring was returned to Army Universe at my expense . Army Universe claims to have repaired and returned the ring , but the returned ring has never been received . Not a high quality ring because the stone fell out and I will never order from Army Universe again . They refuse to correct the mistake .
 I was disappointed with the size of the stone . This ring was a little nothing .
 Well the ring in the picture looked alot bigger than it was , way bigger . So am returning it because it was a gift for my wife and she could bairly see the diamonds in the ring .
 I wore this on and off for about 2 years , then one day when I woke up , the tanzanite had fallen off . I looked but never been able to find it . One of the prongs was slightly bent . So even though it looked pretty , it 's very flimsy and definitely not worth it . I had to sell it along with a bunch of other gold .
 its too big and i needed it for my wedding ... the seller was right on it then when i wanted to send it back i guess he lost my number ! LOL he didnt give me any info to return ... soo there it sits in its pretty little box ... anyone wan na buy a ring ?
 This bracelet broke immediatly when my daughter tried to put it on her wrist.Very poor construction , DO N'T waste your money !!
 Bracelet broke the minute i put it on ! And ive been trying to email them to tell them and ask if i can send it back and get a new one and its been two weeks now and i havent gotten a reply yet !!!
 I bought these as little gifts for 3 of my elementary school students . Two of the bracelets broke the very first attempt the girls put them on .
 I bought this because it looked so pretty and I was really happy when it arrived but UNFORTUNATLEY after less than a month it lost it 's silver color and blackened so do n't bother buying it . It wo n't even last a month before it looses it 's color .
 The bracelets are nice . . Did n't break when i put them on . . They are stretchy and would match with any outfit . I love them except they kind of look like they are meant to be worn by a little kid ... **** After wearing the bracelt the first day I had it , I came home and took it off and it broke to pieces !! *****
 I bought these for my daughter and her friends . While they look beautiful and appear to make a great gift , the minute you put them on your wrist or take them off they break and millions of beads go everywhere . Please dont waste your money . They are cheap pieces if JUNK !!
 I was very DISAPPOINTED with the purchase from Secure Hoop . I just received it today -LRB- 7-18-2005 -RRB- , when I open the package , the bracelet was already torn apart into loose pieces of pink rocks !!!! I 've called their customer service number 888-651-2828 , but no one pick up the phone , and there WAS N'T any VOICEMAIL for me to leave back !!! What kind of company is that ? At least there should be a voicemail that said what time they will open to business and stuff . Anyway , I do n't recommend anyone to buy stuff from Secure Hoop !!!
 I know this ring is cheap , but garnets are common stones and that decreases their value . I bought this ring around Christmas and it recently snapped in two . I did n't know sterling silver could break like that . I do not reccommend this product as it is not worth anyone 's money .
 Bought this for my daughter and it broke within months . very poor quality . It looked great when we got it and she only wore it to church and family outings , not to play sports .
 I loved the ring when I received it . The silver stood up to constant wearing without becoming misshapen . The problem I had was the garnet started to crack and break , and it was only from normal wear , not abuse . It looks horrible now . I was very disappointed , since I have only had this ring 4 months .
 This ring was lovely when I first received it , even if the `` garnet '' was orange . This ring was given to me as a promise ring and I wore it every day but I was n't rough with it . Even though I was gentle , this ring was misshapen and needed to be replaced within two months . I would n't recommend wasting money if this ring will mean something to you , but for a little while it made a nice stand-in .
 The ring is not very durable . The `` sterling silver '' is VERY malleable . Which leads me to believe it 's not actual silver , but silver plated instead . The ring is pretty and I bought it to match my sister 's red garnet celtic cross necklace for her birthday , but the ring did not last more than a month .
 I bought four of these thinking they would be great gifts for several birthdays . They are made OK , however there is no color to the stones . I was disappointed and if I had not been traveling I would have returned them .
 This bracelet is cheap looking and the `` blue '' topaz is not blue but a white color . I will never buy another piece of jewelry from you again .
 I ordered this ring because it said it was Comfort Fit - but it definitely is NOT .
 First of all , the pictured ring looks nothing like what arrived . The stone looks of poor quality and cheapens the ring . Rather than any clarity , the stone is a stark white . This ring does not sparkle at all . Majorly disappointed with this item - cubic zirconia would have looked better !
 I ordered this ring because it said it was Comfort Fit - but it definitely is NOT .
 I bought the bracelet expecting the stones to look like amethyst . Unfortunately they lack color and almost appear like a very pale rose quartz . It is well constructed and comfortable . Thats about all I can say about it . I was not pleased with this purchase .
 I purchased 3 of these bracelets . The stones in 2 of them were very light which made the bracelets look extremely cheap . The third bracelet had darker stones with just a few lighter stones mixed in . It was much better looking .
 I got this bracelet at a very low price , and still , it 's not worth what little I paid for it . The stones are terribly , conspicuously mismatched , ranging from pale lavender to nearly clear with a hint of pink . Some of the stones seem cloudy and do n't sparkle at all , even in direct sunlight . On the plus side , the setting seems sturdy and the clasp is secure . The silver has a nice polish to it . But the poor-quality stones ruin it for me , so I 'm returning the bracelet for a refund .
 I ordered this ring because it said it was Comfort Fit - but it definitely is NOT .
 I ordered this ring because it said it was Comfort Fit - but it definitely is NOT .
 I ordered this ring because it said it was Comfort Fit - but it definitely is NOT .
 I ordered these cufflinks for a gift ... but was sent something totally different . They attached a letter to the gift stating they were sorry but they dont carry this item -LRB- the picture that is shown -RRB- , with a sob story about they can not change the picture ... that is totally false . I will never trust this company again . I am sending the crap back that they sent me
 diamond stone fell out less than a month after purchase sent ring back
 If your looking for sparkle and diamond cut cz 's this is not the necklace for you . It has no shine , is very dull . I purchased this for my daughter because of the other reviews but you do n't have to . I would never say `` Oh , that is so beautiful '' Very disappointed plus the chain came all in a great big knot which took me over an hour to undo . Pass on this piece of jewelry .
 The product arrived in a `` velvet '' pouch . The chain was in a complete knot and I was unable to untangle . I ended up breaking the chain and purchasing a new one , as there was not time to return before Christmas . I would think twice before purchasing necklaces from Amazon again . Disappointed to say the least .
 I ordered this locket because it specifically said it was for a child , it was cute , and had a short chain . When I received the locket it was so tiny that it was impossible to put any photos inside and was too small to just wear as jewelry . I went back to Amazon and ordered a larger heart locket at the same price . It is just the right size to put two photos inside . It even came with a template to help cut the photos and plastic to hold the photos in place in the locket . I would definitely order more of these for other children in the family . The product code is : Sterling Silver Heart Locket on Cable Chain , 18 ''
 I ordered this ring because it said it was Comfort Fit - but it definitely is NOT .
 diamond stone fell out less than a month after purchase sent ring back
 I ordered this ring because it said it was Comfort Fit - but it definitely is NOT .
 diamond stone fell out less than a month after purchase sent ring back
 I ordered this ring because it said it was Comfort Fit - but it definitely is NOT .
 diamond stone fell out less than a month after purchase sent ring back
 I ordered this ring because it said it was Comfort Fit - but it definitely is NOT .
 I ordered this ring because it said it was Comfort Fit - but it definitely is NOT .
 I ordered this ring because it said it was Comfort Fit - but it definitely is NOT .
 I ordered this ring because it said it was Comfort Fit - but it definitely is NOT .
 I ordered this ring because it said it was Comfort Fit - but it definitely is NOT .
 PLEASE CHANGE AMOUNTS SO SOMEONE CAN ORDER THE 16 '' . 18 ' IS 12.99 AND THE 16 '' IS 19.99 ? ONCE YOU MAKE THE CORRECTIONS I WILL ORDER
 Packaging was horrible , came in a plastic bag , but the pearl is beautiful and shiny , i havent yet worn it and it hasnt yet ran thru water so not sure how it will maintain itself . The chain is ok , very thin and delicate , buti anyways bought the item for the sak eof the pearl and not the chain , so its fine.i think that its a bit expensive product for the price , may have gotten it cheaper at either the JC penny clearance section or Kohls clearance section , anyways !!! UPDATE - I am wanting to reduce the stars now . I actually took so long to put in the update because of personal reasons.After wearing this chain , in about 3 days , the pearl fell off on its own some where . there was no force applied . I was actually in my office when it happened . I am very very disappointed . It was expensive to begin with and then this is the cheap stuff i get.I prevously gave 5 stars to this product , but it didnt last even a week , thats pretty sad , i am going to rate it down to 1 star .
 Well the ring in the picture looked alot bigger than it was , way bigger . So am returning it because it was a gift for my wife and she could bairly see the diamonds in the ring .
 What a beautiful bracelet ! What an ugly clasp ! The amethysts are gorgeous , CZ are aparkling , the teardrop shape is very flattering on a wrist . But I could not get over the ugly clasp ! One of the teardrop shapes ends short at one end of the braceletand that is where it connects to the other end of the bracelet forming not a very attractive sight . I had to return it , I like everything to be neat , and may be even perfect , too .
 I was disappointed with the size of the stone . This ring was a little nothing .
 I wore this on and off for about 2 years , then one day when I woke up , the tanzanite had fallen off . I looked but never been able to find it . One of the prongs was slightly bent . So even though it looked pretty , it 's very flimsy and definitely not worth it . I had to sell it along with a bunch of other gold .
 Sent this back right away . The tongue and box clasp was very poorly made and seemed to be warped . Also It was a significantly less gram weight than stated in the ad -LRB- by over 2 oz . less . -RRB- I understand that weight said `` approximate '' but with the price of gold - over 2 oz . less is a SEVERE rip-off !!!
 This bracelet looks beautiful , but after I received it I was very disappointed in the quality . The beads are of good quality and very pretty , but the silver connection rings look like pieces of cheap twisted wire that do not fit into the clasp . The beads were so tightly strung that the the bracelet would not straighten out flat . I returned the bracelet for a refund .
 I purchased this as gift for a friend and was disappointed . In the web picture you see a clear contrast between the dark background and silver which is what attracted me to this item . The product that I received , however , had a barely filled ` gray ' background instead of the rich black shown in the picture . Only when the shadows caught the item making it look dark , could you see some resemblance of what it 's actually supposed to look like . So if this is any indication of the type of product quality this collection brings , stay away .
 shipping was fast , however it was terribly done , the gold tone was not flat and with a lot of bubbles inside , so it make the pin looks very cheap
 My bracelet went back from -LRB- apartment complex office -RRB- and never got to me . A total waste of $ 110 as Amazon 's tracking shows it as delivered while it was not . Amazon gave a credit back in my online account , That Credit never showed up on my credit card ever . It has been 8 weeks of back and forth with Amazon as Well as Amex , with no results or resolution . I am not giving up yet though .
 Save your time , effort and money . The earrings came on time and were packaged nicely . However , there are major black spots in the diamonds themselves . It is almost as if someone dumped black pepper in the rocks . Even though the earrings are tiny , the blemishes interfere with the sparkle and therefore these lackluster diamonds appear even smaller ... and I would even go as far as to say that they look fake . It is too bad , it seemed like such a great deal .
 Go to a jewlery store and spend the extra money . Got these earings and returned them the next day . Cloudy , small , and overall bad quality
 The diamonds were very black , so what else is there to say . I sent them back .
 The color is poor . Not being a jeweler , was not familiar with the grading process .
 Even from a few feet you can tell these earrings are cloudy with a darkish hue to them . I mean I guess they are decent for a starter set but if you want something impressive , these are n't it .
 I am very disappointed with this item in that thay do n't shine at all , they just look like glass .
 Thse earrings arrived very quickly but my joy turned to disbelief when I opened the box . The diamonds were milky white with ZERO sparkle or shine and the inclusion on one of the arrings was at the very top , surface level . Was impossible to miss . Keep looking ; DO NOT buy these .
 If there was 0 star , I would have given 0 star instead of 1 star . This earrings are horrible and 1000 times smaller than what looks in pic . I had bought engagement ring from Amazon and had a great experience so went for this one . But ended up returning this item as soon as I got it . Even for 10 bucks I would n't buy these earrings .
 If I 'd have seen the product before I did not pay more than US5 ... The metal -LRB- gold ? -RRB- cuality is poor ... And the stone ... withe and sturdy ... There 's no beuty at all in these earrings .
 The price was too good to be true . Although the size of the diamonds is accurate , they lack sparkle . My CZ 's are prettier . Fortunately , these were for my 17 year old daughter . I did n't to spend a great deal in case she lost one . I would n't recommend buying any diamonds that fall this low on the color scale .
 I just purchased these earrings for my wife for Christmas . They are so small they can hardly be seen . Then I looked them up again on Amazon to show my wife what I bought and saw the reduced price.Need I say I feel I got screwed !!!!
 After purchasing these for my girlfriend I realize I should have spent twice as much -LRB- I believe these were around $ 90 at my time of purchase -RRB- . I knew they would be smaller , perhaps better suited for a second hole but I was disappointed by their quality . They are n't very bright or clear . I probably would have been better off buying quality fakes at the same price or less .
 The price was the only thing that was good about these earrings.The earrings arrived very quickly and nicely packaged , but the quality of the diamonds were very poor . They looked dark and gray and not much sparkle . The white gold looked like pewter , not even silver gray . The picture on the website made them look clearer and shinier , which these were not!I will return them immediately .
 Numerous flaws . Very dark , no sparkle . They are being returned today . Maybe other positive reviewers got a better batch . The ones we got are not worth $ 1 as you would n't want your loved one wearing these .
 I ordered these for my GF and had to then ship them to her for her birthday as she is in another state . I should have known better . A friend once told me you CAN NOT get a deal on diamonds , they have an inherent value . You can definately over pay but you ca n't get a deal . So if you are looking for a deal , this is n't it . You get what you pay for or even less in this case.I should have known better and not mailed them , but I did n't have time to go shopping.The diamonds are small ; I knew they would be . I am not complaining about the size.They are dirty diamonds . They have several large visible inclusions . They have absolutely no sparkle . I went outside and was hoping to get a little sparkle . Nothing.She was very nice when she got them . She did n't complain and was very thankful . Then one day we got into a fight and she told me the truth . She cried when she got them . Not because of excitement . But because she thought I did n't love her enough to get her something nice . The truth is I lost my job and really ca n't afford anything more . She wore them only once when she went to her Birthday dinner with her family . She was embarrassed . No one commented at how beautiful they were . In truth , because they are not.These diamonds are not gem quality . I do not think Walmart even sells diamonds of this low quality.Save your money and buy something else . There are hundreds of other items on Amazon .
 There was no sparkle , they were dull and cloudy so I returned for a refund .
 These stones are bottom of the barrel in quality . Add in the fact that they are advertised as being treated , and you have a recipe for separating your hard earned money on `` disposable jewelry . '' The diamonds are definitely not attractive , with major flaws and not a good buy at any price . This type of material should not be sold on Amazon because it supports dubious practices of jewelers to sell inferior grade stones to the public thinking they are getting a good buy . These are not . Educate yourself against these practices and buy a diamond book . They are selling a few on here which I have found to be of great educational value .
 These earrings can be hit or miss . At this quality , flaws are expected , but one would expect the stones to at least match . However , at this size , you ca n't really tell how off they are unless you 're closer up . I received one earring with a little spot in it and the other looked like it was about to bloom with mildew . I just needed something to keep the holes in my ears from closing up and they do the job admirably , but do n't get these as a gift for someone special .
 Please do n't make the mistake I did by ordering these earrings . I did not read the reviews of other people regarding these as I should have . They do not look at all like real diamonds . They do not sparkle . They honestly look like stones made out of plastic . Although , plastic might shine more than these.They are not worth the money at all !
 The quality is simply terrible . They were so cloudy , you almost would have thought they were n't even diamonds . Also , one of the two had a black fleck in it too .
 DO NOT BUY THESE !! I bought them for my son 's girlfriend for her 18th birthday . I find it very hard to believe that any jeweler would even sell these ! They were literally grey with absolutely no sparkle . I read the mixed reviews , and hoped for the best since the price was so good , but I would n't give them to an 8 year old ! Needless to say I now have to find something else to buy -- I would never in a million years give out these earrings , not even to a child . They also did n't even come in a box -- just loose in a little blue bag.Amazon should not even be selling these !
 I expected these earrings to be small but the color and clarity is much worse than I expected . The diamonds look milky white and have not sparkle . I would not spend a dime on this piece .
 I saw the negative reviews and , despite them , decided to give these a shot . The second I took them out of the package I knew that they were going right back . These are UTTERLY the worst looking diamonds I have ever seen , even for $ 99 . I am not a diamond expert but a diamond should not a have milky white color.The good thing is Amazon makes returns easy ...
 I was looking for some nice jewelry to give our 14 and 16 year old nieces . This is not it . This will end up as a present for the 10 year old niece because we got it at the Friday sale price of $ 15 . The pendant is smaller than the on-screen picture , smaller even than the fingernail on my , ittle finger , and the stone is so small it is hard to see.If I had paid the $ 45 they ask for it regularly I would have been even more disappointed and asked for a refund ... evven at only $ 15 I am tempted to send it back .
 I bought this for my niece it was so tiny that even a small child looked funny wearing this .
 I returned this item immedately upon receipt . Although I realize that the pendant was not as large as the photo shows , I was shocked to see -LRB- more accurately , I was unable to see -RRB- the size of the stone . A peridot is a SEMI-PRECIOUS stone , so , for $ 45.00 the stone should be larger than the tip of a ballpoint pen . This pendant should be priced at around $ 20.00 . Amazon needs to include an ` actual size ' photo on this type of item or they can expect a large number of returns .
 This was a disappointment . The necklace certainly was not 16 inches and the setting was much smaller than it appeared on the ad .
 When they say small they are not kidding . The peridot pendant was the smallest pendant I have ever seen . I would only consider buying it for the chain for the peridot is a joke . .
 I used gift cards from family to purchase this ring . I had it on for one day & the Citrine stone fell out . I just think the quality of this ring is poor , rough edges on the gold , and stones that were not set right .
 I got this necklace at a Friday sale for $ 35 . Even with this discount price , I returned the item right away . The onyx pendant is the size of a small pea , and the silver finishing is defective with a significant area of `` bare '' , unpolished spot on the tiny pendant . With this purchase , you are getting less than what you paid for .
 When I received these earrings , I was delighted . They were just what I wanted . However , after wearing them for a few weeks , one of them had a major discoloration on the back portion . It was not normal tarnish , which one might expect from sterling . Additionally , I was experiencing extreme irritation , which might suggest that they are not as `` sterling '' as stated.With much disappointment , I ended up throwing them away .
 I am writing this on my bf account he bought me the bracelet ... Sadly enough I think I got a lemon it broke after 3 hours of wearing it on x-mas we decided to send it back and I am in the process of choosing something else ... I was sad it broke the links are not very strudy !
 My husband gave me this bracelet as a birthday/christmas gift -LRB- My birthday is Christmas Eve -RRB- . I put it on immediately and later that day it broke . The bracelet broke a few links away from the clasp . After reading other reviews of their bracelet breaking , we decided to return it . Its beautiful , but if you wear it , it might break . I 'm really disappointed because husband never really chooses jewelry for me and when he finally does , it breaks .
 Product was returned . The bracelet broke after a few days of wearing it . Good looking bracelet but no durable . Would not suggest purchasing this item .
 It is a very pretty bracelet , but it broke after 2 weeks . I was lucky enough not to lose it and returned it .
 When the earrings we ordered arrived it was such a joke , they were so small that we could hardly hold them , sent them back.The result was satisfaction for the return , the $ was credited to our card very timely .
 This ring was not what I expected . The stone is very shiny . The little stones around the perimeter look fake . All the stones look plastic-ish . Was super excited to get this ring but I 'm returning it .
 While this is a pretty ring and it fit fine , the stone fell out within an hour of me putting it on . I have contacted the sellers for resolution . Very disappointed .
 Shipping was super fast ! However , the ring looked pretty cheap . Not terribly so , but still very cheap . The stone in mine was a little lopsided , so that did n't help it much . Overall , a `` meh '' .
 I had bought this ring in November for my husband since he was tired of his gold wedding band . It has n't even been 2 months yet and the ring is already unwearable . It had fallen onto the tile floor and a giant chip had broken off of the ring . I 've never had a piece jewelry break due to an accidental drop . If you do decide to purchase this ring , be very careful since it seems to be more fragile than described .
 This is a repeat post cos I ordered 2 rings from peony at the same time . Mistake!Size 10 turns out to be size 12 at least . Most importantly , no response when I ask for a change back to the correct size . I 'm not even asking for a refund . I do not understand why the rating is 90 + % given such service . Perhaps it 's fake data . And amazon.com is adopting a hands-off attitude . Buy only if u want to take the chance that they deliver the correct thing !
 I was so excited to receive these earrings . They were smaller than I thought they 'd be but I thought , lovely.I wore them twice , then lost one . I 'm heartbroken , but vow to never buy anything that does n't have a more secure backing.Maybe you 'd love it but I 'm disappointed ... mostly at myself .
 Sadly , There was not sufficient warning that the earrings were so small . They hardly show on a person with long dark hair.The quality did n't look as nice as in the photo on line . I will not buy jewelry on line again .
 Product does n't match the picture and they are very light weight and small . They do not sparkle and lack a quality appearance . The smoky quartz color is very dull in appearance and the gold setting makes them look very ordinary . Small earrings can look so much nicer than this one .
 I was very disappointed in the purple color of the earrings when they finally arrived . The amethyst is n't the rich purple portrayed by Amazon . It 's pretty washed-out looking . If I had n't waited 2 months for them and if they were n't only $ 60 , I would return them . However , under those circumstances , it would be more trouble than it 's worth . I 've bought other gemstones online and they were very true to the onscreen color . This is my first big disappointment .
 ... These earrings are very beautiful , but too small for an adult -- they are child-size . I returned them for this reason . -LRB- Amazon
 WOW , I must have gotten different earings than everyone else ! These are TINY . I was expecting the pear to be completely below the lobe and they are NOT ! I do n't have large ears either.Color is beautiful , construction quality is great , but I was expecting something more substantial !
 Although I picked them out , my husband gave these to me as a Christmas gift . They were so small they could hardly be seen in the package . They will be returned immediately .
 The earrings color was not green . It was an indefinable color ; really light not green or clear . The earrings size was acceptable.I returned the earrings because I could n't match with anything .
 I really liked the photo of these earrings online , so I made my husband happy by ordering my own birthday present . Upon receipt , I was very disappointed that one earring is a dark amethyst and the other earring is much , much lighter . I almost kept them because of the lovely style and excellent craftsmanship , but I sent them back for a refund . Now , unfortunately , my husband feels that he has to go shopping for a present for me !
 It was nice for the price ; but not enough color . Darker in picture . Not sure I am keeping it .
 Usually things that I purchase from Amazon are perfect ; just what I expect ; unfortunately , I had to return the amethyst earrings because they looked nothing like their picture ; rather than being a bold purple color , they were very , very light colored and simply not what I expected .
 Though I paid for it , it never arrived with my other stretch bracelets . I contacted the seller , SilverSpeck , and advised them of this omission . A week has gone by and it is still MIA.Will not order from this company again .
 The photo is deceptive . The diamonds are microscopic , and the gold chain as thin as a strand of hair . The moon is depicted as hanging by one end with the angel `` sitting '' upright , but the chain is attached to both ends of the moon , making it look like a `` U '' . I gave it as a gift to my daughter , but we will have to get a better chain before this one breaks .
 Unfortunately , the stone came off the second day i wore it.This was a surprise and upset.Thank you
 The stone is CLEAR , not washed out , but completely lacking in anything vaguely resembling a color . Essentially , this is LYING in advertising . I would have liked to know that there was a good chance I would get an earrings that could not vaguely be described as green amethyst , or green or anything in the family of a stone with a color . If I wanted clear quartz earrings , I would have ordered them . Instead I ended up with them despite consciously ordering something else . Shame on you , Amazon .
 cant decipher if its a blurry piece of glass or what . the setting is not good as well . the prongs are way above the stone . overall , this is a cheap quality piece .
 When I purchased these on August 18 , there was not a picture of the item . Part of this is my fault for not being familiar with green amethyst and for buying something sight unseen . However , I do n't think it was unreasonable of me to expect some definitive green . The description says that this stone is part of the quartz family ; think quartz here with a washed out greyish green color . The picture , which is now posted , is fairly accurate but more definitive in color than what you will receive . They are also larger than I anticipated . The minimum total gem weight is listed as 1.74 carats , which would be roughly .87 carat per earring . My earrings present to be about 1.5 to 2 carats each , which means they are pretty large , probably due to the fact that this stone is fairly lightweight . The tip of the pear to the bottom is 3/8 inch . Amazon ran these on special for $ 20.99 , on a percentage off sale , but if I had this to do over , I would n't pay more than $ 10 for them , although the gold housing on the stones is probably worth the price I paid . In my opinion , they are not suitable for gift giving either .
 One of the pearls fell out of the setting the second I took it out of the packaging . It was glued in . It is a pretty ring ... but I guess you get what you pay for
 I 'm not sure if this is real hematite , because it is not magnetic . Other hematite that I have purchased from other sellers is magnetic . I also do not like the way it looks . It looks cheap , and you can see the seam where it was glued together . It does not look right . I would not wear this item , but I do not have time right now to worry about re-packaging it and sending it back , so I guess I will just have to consider it a loss . Other than that , shipping was fast , and there were also no problems with packaging ... just did not like the item .
 These earrings are so small they 're completely unnoticable unless the light hits them . The swing wildly even if you 're barely moving . More of a nuisance than I was hoping for ... I was looking more for an elegant earring to wear in a professional setting .
 Big different than photoIt 's look very nice in photoBut in real very small !!! You need microscope to see it
 These earrings are cute but much much smaller than the picture leads you to believe . If I had seen them prior to purchase , I would not have bought them .
 The surprise!It is very small compared to the image ... I wish the Amazon attach jewelry sizes with the information and thank you . .
 Yes , the earrings are of good quality but they are extremely small . The picture and description are very misleading . Perhaps you must read between the lines when they say elegant . In reality they are an only an inch long and the stones are very small as well . They kind of look like children 's earrings not something for a woman . If I had seen them previously , I never would have ordered them .
 I have skin problem with the imitation or low karat gold , that is why I ordered 14K . But wearing this earing cause the skin irritation.Never order this one whoever has picky skin like mine .14 k Yellow Gold Smoky Quartz Briolette Dangle Earrings
 This is a junky , cheap looking piece of c. ... . The only thing it would be good for is the trash . It looks like something you would get out of a bubble gum maching .
 I guess you get what you pay for , but the cross was extremely small and light-weight . I bought both the pink and purple crosses for my twins . They were so small , I could n't tell which color was which .
 Cute butTiny chain , the heart keeps flipping over , and the fake ruby is cut really bad .
 First off it was shipped us mail and sat in my mail box along the hwy fortwo days with no protection . The box it came in was cheap looking . The pendantis hard to make out the devil horns and tail with out looking at it real close.the fake rubby looks good if you dont look to close . I bought it for my wife forChristmas I paid 140.00 us dollars and the day after christmas amazon had it on sale for 90.00 us dollars that burns my ass . My wife keeps it in her junk jewelry box not in her good jewelry box . Do n't think she liked it much . Looks much better in Picture . A disapointing purchase all the way a round -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000NZX5ZY 14k Yellow Gold Lab-Created Ruby Heart Devil Pendant w / Diamond Accent , 18 '' -RSB-
 ok i recieved this necklace for valentines day . First off , it was very cheap looking and feeling and missing the diamond accent on the tail . DEFINATLEY NOT worth $ 159 . Please DO NOT waste your money !!! I gift returned this necklace the day after i recieved it and two weeks later my boyfriend received an email stating that if he does n't get a letter about the return by march 16 contact them back . i 'm dissapointed in the product and service i received with this order because i have had no problems with amazon in the past .
 It is a very attractive -- tiny -- piece of jewlery . To look at the picture of both , the pendant and chain , I expected a larger piece of jewelry.She already had to replace the chain . Item is totally misrepresented in the illustration.Thank you , you got me once , never again .
 I think the picture looks way better , it 's really small and more for a little girl , the chain is way 2 thin so i changed it with another but it doesnt sit right on the chain and tips forward . i wore this for new years and nobody noticed wut it wuz they had 2 get real close to acually see it
 it should 've said sumtin about the size of it . I 'm embarrassed to give it to my girl for a christmas gift , and to make matters worse right after i bought it for a 90 dollars it went on sale for 40 or 50 bucks , now i wish i had n't bought it , and i ca n't return it back because i do n't live in the states
 Ordered this pendant for my fiance . The picture makes this look adorable , however , it is very tiny . It was so tiny that she was n't even sure what it was at first and had to look at the picture . Further , when she tried to wear it the pendant will not lay flat.We returned it without issue and will keep looking .
 i bought this necklace for a girl and when it came i was very disappointed . the picture they have displayed gives u a much different idea about the product . first off its very small and fragile looking , wats worse is it doesnt even lie flat when ur wearin it ...
 I bought this last year in Feb. and I went to put it on and the chain was broke off it . There is no way to fix it . Very upset about it because I really liked it .
 jewel was larger than shown . Also too heavy for the chain as it does not lay right -LRB- tipped -RRB- on neckline
 chain is too thin and it tends to flip downward does not display right on neck to show the details of pendant ...
 This ring looks like a glass ring , very basic and my normal size did not fit . Order one size up
 Me lo imaginaba el doble del tama & ntilde ; o real . Fue la &uacute;nica decepci&oacute;n que me lleve con este producto . De resto me pareci&oacute; excelente .
 I have rather slim wrists and this bracelet fit perfectly . The beads are very nice and smooth and I enjoyed very much wearing it for the Thirty minutes I did wear it . The quality of the string for this bracelet is embarrassing . This bracelet popped off less than 30 minutes after I first put it on , and when I say popped off I mean the string snapped and the beads went flying . I have not yet contacted the seller , as I 'm most likely to just buy some stretch string at a Craft Store . For the price I love having this nice set of Onyx beads , and the string will be cheap to replace . Other than the poor quality of the string , this is a great bracelet . -LRB- BUY EXTRA STRING -RRB- .
 First of all I do n't think this bracelet is 8mm as advertised . It is smaller . Secondly the construction is poor with a tie actually not being hid under the beads . Last thought is that the beads are n't as tight ... which allow the bracelet to look like it has gaps in it . Therefore , I would not recommend this product .
 The bracklet looks nice but its not made for everyday wear . Mine popped during the a super bowl party . I only got to wear it for a month .
 i bought this and wore it twice and it 's all tarnished and cheap looking . never again on this one . Usually i am very satisified with Amazon but this one is bad .
 I saw this tiny jewel box for $ 4.99 at Home Goods . The idea that they want $ 17 for it is , wow , for something so small .
 This was a beautiful box , but the music does not work and I see no way to try and open it up to fix it without destroying the item altogether . My return window is already past , so I ca n't even return it ! Now I need to find a functioning music box for my daughter 's birthday as a replacement . I bought early and did n't test it first - big mistake ! : -LRB-
 I ordered this jewelry box for two neices , one is working great and the other never did . So frustrating , I will try sending it back but it does n't help the christmas morning disapointment .
 In the description it calls the 18 mm tigereye gemstone a sphere when it probably should be called a bead because that 's what it is . There 's a hole that goes all the way through it . It probably wo n't matter to most but it bothered me . I was expecting a solid sphere .
 While this is a beautiful piece of jewlery and my experiences with Silver Insanity have been great - it is HUGE ! I expected the `` ball '' would be the size of a marble , but it is the size of a jaw breaker . It does state the size in the description , but I guess I just did n't read it . So , I will be sending mine back .
 I purchased these earrings for a Xmas gift and was very disappointed . The photo looks MUCH better . This is the 2nd time I purchased from this seller and returned the item . I wo n't buy from them again .
 This was a gift for my wife on our 10th anniversary . The ring , itself , is beautiful , and we loved it . My wife is extra careful with her rings and has never had a problem with any of her settings . However , less than six weeks after we received this ring -LRB- I bought it on April 1 , 2004 -RRB- , she happened to look at her finger and noticed that one of the small diamonds had fallen out -LRB- on May 17 , 2004 -RRB- . She spent 10 panic-stricken minutes looking for it and found it on the carpet . She is so disappointed , and I feel embarrassed , as if I bought her a second-rate piece of jewelry . The ring is now in its box , and I am contacting Amazon to find out what coverage I have . Amazon has auto-emailed a response , indicating that I might return the ring for a refund only if I purchased it within the last 30 days . I bought it 46 days prior to the diamiond falling out . I emailed back inquiring about a repair and received an auto-response saying Amazon does n't make repairs to jewelry . I now must call and demand help . Do n't buy this ring .
 I love geckos and thought the ring was awesome so I got it and found that the ring was very big . I ordered a size too small on purpose so I could put it on my pinkie but it 's on my thumb because it is huge ! Also the ring rips your clothing , bags , or blankets . The feet get caught on the fabric and rip it . I eventually had to completely stop wearing it because it was causing me so many problems .
 It kept on pinching the back of my neck at first and it also gets snagged in my hair . Even though it was amazing when I was inuyasha 's fangirl
 ok shipping was fast but what the heck ... most of the fangs are on the opposite side of the necklace . its retarted now i have 2 find a good chain necklace and put it 2gether myself w / the fangs correctly facing the RIGHT WAY ... cuz some1 didnt assemble it correctly . .
 I ordered this , but got something totally different in the mail . They credited me and I sent the jewelry back but told them I still wanted the trumpet necklace . Never received it .
 I would love to review this ring , but it never arrived . The ring was intended for a friend as a gift , but the address it was sent to turned out to be wrong , and the item did not forward . I emailed Old Glory twice and explained the problem , figuring the ring must have been returned by the postal service but got no response of any kind . I am now trying to get a refund via Amazon.com , who also have not yet responded . Apparently I am just out the $ 22 and shipping for a ring that neither my friend nor I ever received . While I appreciate that there was a problem with the address at my end , I have not been able to get as much as a response from Old Glory as to whether or not they got the ring back . I will not purchase another item from Old Glory .
 I bought this because it reminded me of my father , who played french horn when he was in high school . It came on a necklace that would n't even fit over my head . It was THAT small of a necklace ... maybe it 'll fit a kid or an infant , but definitely not an adult . Plus the band does not come apart without me having to take a pair of scissors and cut the band . There is no clip-type fastener . The french horn itself feels like it 's made out of plastic or some other light weight material . If you are looking for a nice piece of jewelry , I do not recommend this piece .
 Product arrived in good condition , within a week the legs all broke off of the spider . So not very good quality .
 For almost $ 200 , I expected the gold to be a little thicker . These were a gift to my mother , and I fear the gold will bend with use . We 'll see ...
 Overall the ring looks fine , I think its colorful in good way . However , when I received the ring the middle stone moved . Now I 'm left to either pay more to ship it back and hope for a new ring to be returned -LRB- hoping it will be made well -RRB- , or I must have a professional fix it . Either way I do n't think its worth any more money to return , or to get fixed . If they would have sent me a good ring that was made well -LRB- without moving stones -RRB- , I would have enjoyed the ring -LRB- now its a pain . -RRB-
 The colors of this ring are deceiving in this image . I thought this was going to be a fun going out ring , but when I received it , I discovered that the colors are so muted ; it looks like an engagement ring . I 'm not going to wear a $ 24.99 engagement ring.If you 're looking for a colorful going out ring , this is not it .
 I must admit I was disappointed with the ring . Much darker than the picture . The edge of the ring was not smooth at all . Extremely light . Almost the feel and look of a ring you might get out of a bubble gum machine . Not what I expected titanium to be like.GP
 Its a really nice ring , seems durable , ive had it for two hours and i put it on and the edges are so sharp , maybe my fingers are more webbed then normal but it hurts to much to wear :-LRB- so nice . . but oh well . . i recommend to any female interested . . it looks like a male ring ... its dosent mean it is , but its as thick as a male ring and it has a more masculine look . also the edges hurt so when thinking about buying this , take into consideration its not ganna wear well on your fingers ... other then that , i wish i could wear it .
 For my tast this item was to large for me and there were no size of the item when I bought this .
 well i would love to give positive feedback on this purchase but as I was supposed to receive this item by dec 30 , 2008 and it is now jan 18 , 2009 and still not received the item so therefor I am not satisfied but they have my money .
 Im not happy with this product it the dragon fell off and im not happy
 Very pretty but upon pulling of the back screw to wear for the first time , the opal popped off of the post . Looking for a good jewelry glue to fix it .
 The item I received is not the same color or shape to what is pictured online . The product was also delayed in shipping , which was addressed by customer service in a timely fashion . I 'm mostly dissatisfied that the color of the stone is so different , which is a deep blue with small hint of green . I bought it as a present for my girl friend as opal is her birthstone . I 've looked through literally hundreds of earrings and now I 'm not even confident I 'm giving her her birthstone . If it was n't a time concern , I 'd promptly return the earrings I received .
 Per the photo online , this coral bracelet looked just like what I have been searching for . Upon receipt , I discovered that the clasp would not stay closed , even with the 2 `` figure-8 '' safety clasps , neither of which would clasp properly , either . It was n't genuine karat gold that I requested and that led me to wonder if this just was n't total costume jewelry . I wo n't be using this vendo again .
 I guess it 's my own fault . I should have read the product details more closely . I was very shocked when I opened the little blue pouch and found that the necklace was smaller than a dime . I ordered two of these and I 'm pretty sure I 'm going to send them both back . The pendant is appropriately sized for a child , but the necklace is really too delicate to be a children 's piece of jewelry . The product details clearly state the size of the necklace , and I know it 's my own fault for not reading it , but I would have never thought an adult piece of jewelry would be so tiny . In addition to the tiny size , the pendant is stamped on one side . Several of the reviews say it twists when worn , and the stamp is very noticeable .
 One side of the pendant is stamped with the silver mark . The way it hangs on the chain , the pendant flips over constantly , so you can see the stamp . We 're sending it back !
 Probably partially my fault but it was pretty funny when I opened this necklace . I did think it was going to be at least the size of a quarter ! I 'm sending it back ! It 's actually SMALLER than an M&M !
 Do n't bother ordering this item because you will be sorely disappointed . I ordered this link and my card was promptly charged , but the link that was sent instead was an `` angel '' link that was completely different and only priced at half what I had been charged . Pugster does not answer the customer service line during their posted hours , and when they do choose to respond to emails do not want to address the error of having sent the wrong item . Pugster finally decided to respond and send a replacement only after I had to have Amazon intervene for a refund , and the replacement link was STILL wrong !!! I now have 2 poorly designed angel links and no music note link . Unbelievably poor service . Product received is not even close to what is represented in the picture - not even music related in any way . Company refuses to admit that there is an obvious error in their warehouse . Definitely not worth the time or hassle of ordering .
 This is the most pathetic excuse for a piece of jewellery I think I 've ever seen . The blurb says it 's a good size for men . What kind ? 3 feet tall pygmies ? I tried it on and only just got it on my little finger . The photo that accompanies the Amazon blurb does not show that the skull is completely hollow . This gets my vote in the Bernie Maddof Awards for Integrity in Product Credibility . Minus 10 stars . Junk .
 I purchased this for my wife as a joke and it was a complete success . She 's worn it to a couple of costume parties and gotten some great laughs . For this it 's actually 5 stars .
 I picked this out for a 1 year anniversary present . I thought it was absolutely stunning , even when I got it . I got it on June 25th , 2009 , and now , November 7th , 2009 , it looks like absolute garbage . It is n't shiny anymore , it 's cheap , it bends , and it just looks horrible . I really wish I could get my money back , or at least pick out another ring .
 The ring did not fit.Ordered a size 6 but got a size 9 . Eventhough they resent the item even that was the sameThough I had planned to order many more items am not confident now
 I bought this as a gift , after having some great success with other Nvie items . The ribbon on this necklace is frayed in many places and it just looks cheap . Since it was so inexpensive , I did n't think it was worth trying to return it .
 Too expensive for what 's offered . Anyone could easily make this . It 's not all that safe for children because it 's flimsy .
 Really liked the looks of it on the picture , but was very disappointed to see it in reality . The quality of the cuts in the bone is very poor , it looks sloppy and cheapens an otherwise interesting design .
 I got this italian horn for my husband for Valentines Day and when he opened it , it was tarnished and looked like crap . -LSB- ... -RSB- This is not real sterling silver !!!! TRUST ME !!!
 the stems are too short i am not impressed i thought they would be a little bit bigger and the posts on the back are too small
 I originally purchased a pair of pearls earlier this year off amazon for my girlfriend and they were perfect . Everything she could have asked for and more . Sadly , one of those pearl earrings fell out and she lost it . So I bought her another pair for Christmas . She had them in for the day and now her ear is having an allergic reaction to them . I do n't know if it 's true 14k gold or not because the first ones did n't do this to her . http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004UGKP8M/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i00 were the original ones I purchased in May . The only difference between the two are the color of the gold , size of the pearl , and quality of the pearl . I 'm not happy that this caused her ear to get infected .
 They came in a paper box and black fake velvet bad . Really not gift worthy . Had to spend more money just to be able to give them to my niece for Christmas .
 The pearls I received looked nothing like the picture . The pearls in the picture has nice luster with a pink hue and what looks to be medium nacre . I understand that every pearl is different so I can only speak to the pair of pearl earrings I received . The pair of earrings I got were white -LRB- no hue -RRB- , a chalky luster and a very thin nacre coating that can quickly peel , crack or simply wear off . I agree with one of the reviewers that it looks fake , just like the kind you buy for a 4 year old child . I think the picture is very misleading , but commend Amazon for making returns easy .
 I bought this as a gift for my girlfriend . The back piece fell off one of the pearls within two months . She was very disappointed .
 The first time i wore these the pearl fell off and the shaft cut my ear ! Only give these as a gift to someone you do n't like !
 These pearls do not match each other in size and color.The box and bag that contain the earrings look cheap .
 Ordered 3 pair of these earrings , to use as gifts . Out of a total of 6 earrings , 2 were not glued completely to the posts , at danger of falling off posts , but these pearls were good , very minor blemishes , almost flawless . Two were very severly blemished on the front , most visible part of the pearls , with many dents and bumps . Two had dark spots , swirls and blemishes , again on the front of the pearls . None were near as pristine as in the picture . The blemishes/dark areas were visible from across the room . The good thing is that the posts and backs were solid and secure . Also , Akoya pearls have a nice , lustrous sheen . Returned for refund , as I would not want to give these as a gift to someone I liked . With Amazon jewelry , it is real hit or miss . I 'm glad they are good about returns . Thanks Amazon ! Very disappointed .
 Go buy some fake pearls at the local kids jewelry place . They will look every bit as good as these . VERY disappointed . I bought these for an additional birthday present for my wife and they have become the third thing I have returned to Amazon -LRB- 3 + years -RRB- . Horrendous quality , defects clearly visible all over the pearls , and not round either . If these are Akoya , then Akoya is selling junk these days ! STAY AWAY !
 I was gifted these earrings for Christmas 2007 . They were very beautiful and I wore them everyday . After 5 months one of the pearls broke off the post . They are nice looking , however they do n't seem to be well made .
 These were ordered as a gift , so I spent some time deciding which size would look the best on the recipient . I ordered the 6.5-7 .0 mm , but what I received was -LRB- according to Amazon 's own scale and then measured with a metric ruler -RRB- was 5.5-6 .0 mm . Two sizes smaller than what I ordered ! While the pearls were very nice , I was disappointed with the small size and am returning the earrings .
 Do n't buy !! Looks pink in picture and bigger , turns out they were small and white , not what I wanted or expected at all .
 I recently purchased this product , and although the product arrived in record time , the quality of such was not to my liking . The nose screw was not flexible at all , and the plastic was not smooth . The plastic all up to the top of the nose screw was babrbed , thus making it painful to put in and imposible as well . To make matters worse , when attepmting to bend the nose screw for inscertion , it snapped in half . I am completey dissatisfied with this product , and reccomend going to peircing paghoda or walmart and purchase a nose screw of better quality and at a better price .
 these earrings were way smaller than i expected . so i then exchanged it for the skull and crossbones earrings from sabrina silver .
 the beads are greatly magnified , so i paid $ 35 for a necklace suitable for a child
 I did not receive the chain that I ordered . The one that was shipped to me was another style entirely . When I sent an email to the company , they replied in an email telling me that I would have to have a specific form to return the chain , but that they were out of the forms and would send one later . Of course , I never heard from them again . I just gave up and used the chain they sent , even though it was not the one I ordered . There is nothing wrong with the chain - quality and design are fine - it just was n't what I wanted .
 the beads are greatly magnified , so i paid $ 35 for a necklace suitable for a child
 I did not receive the chain that I ordered . The one that was shipped to me was another style entirely . When I sent an email to the company , they replied in an email telling me that I would have to have a specific form to return the chain , but that they were out of the forms and would send one later . Of course , I never heard from them again . I just gave up and used the chain they sent , even though it was not the one I ordered . There is nothing wrong with the chain - quality and design are fine - it just was n't what I wanted .
 the beads are greatly magnified , so i paid $ 35 for a necklace suitable for a child
 I did not receive the chain that I ordered . The one that was shipped to me was another style entirely . When I sent an email to the company , they replied in an email telling me that I would have to have a specific form to return the chain , but that they were out of the forms and would send one later . Of course , I never heard from them again . I just gave up and used the chain they sent , even though it was not the one I ordered . There is nothing wrong with the chain - quality and design are fine - it just was n't what I wanted .
 I ordered these and they never arrived . The seller told me to get some sort of paperwork from the USPS to prove that they did n't come , but they were n't expensive enough to warrant that much trouble on my part . I 'd suggest they ship them via UPS or FedEx so it could be tracked . I bought similar ones elsewhere instead .
 This necklace -LRB- which I bought as a gift -RRB- started to discolor within the first couple weeks of regular use . The silver started to flake off and show a pinkish material underneath . The whole thing was thrown away within six months .
 Have had for a little over a month and silver coating seems to be coming off and rusting -LRB- does not seem to be real sterling silver -RRB- BAD PRODUCT STAY AWAY !!!
 price too high chain very week % thin I had to buy another chain!i needed to keep for a gift .
 I bought two sets of these earrings , one pair for each of my daughters . The earrings were so pretty and they were excited to wear them . Unfortunately , one earring from each set broke by the second day . The frame that the gems sit in is much too flimsy . The leaf broke away from the flower ! Mind you my daughters are ballet dancers and do not play soccer or other rough sports . I can not blame the breakage on anything other than a weak design . Do not buy these earrings , you will waste your money .
 I was so happy when I saw these pair of earrings on amazon shopping list & my daughter just got her ears pierce , so I could have it as a Christmas give for her . Turn out the purple pink colors is not colors at all & it is just all white crystal around it . I was very disappoint .
 Dear Mrs. / Mr. , please note that I still did not receive my order!Thank you in advance for letting me know what happened and where is the problem.Best regards , Zuzana
 I bought for my girlfriend , and she liked it because it was simple and beautiful . But after few days of using , the stone fell out . I wish they made this more durable .
 The charm I received from PRECIOUS ACCENTS had an imprint barely visible to the human eye . Poor customer service included an abrupt response that I would not receive full credit for return of this item . I will make no further purchases from this company . Perhaps I ought to have prayed for a miracle from the `` Madonna '' in order to see Madonna and child more clearly .
 I got this ring recently from Amazon and its tiny . Absolutly tiny . Sent it straight back . The pictures do not even closely reflect how small the ring actually is . I and my girlfriend were very annoyed at the disapointing size of the ring .
 I will start off by saying that yes , you do get what you paid for . With that said , I would still like to acknowledge the horrible clarity of this diamond , despite the relatively good price . I am the first to understand that if you want a diamond solitaire ring for under $ -LSB- ... -RSB- , do n't be too surprised by the lack of 4c 's . However , this was just ridiculous . I 've done a fair amount of jewelry shopping in second hand stores , namley pawn shops , and have come up with much beter diamonds than the one exhibited in this ring . I wish that I had taken heed to the comments/ratings left by others . Perhaps my stone was just bad , but once again , this was just ridiculous .
 I made a comparison with the photo and : Amazon shows that the diamond reaches the base , not in reality , there is a space.The diamond is smaller .
 Ring design does not go all the way around . Not shown or referenced . Misleading and they only offer refund of purchase - not a correction or providing ring as advertised . Beware !! Most likely other ring designs too do not go all the way around .
 I mean really really tiny -LRB- think of a teeny tiny head , like after head shrinkers are finished -RRB- . I returned this the same day but I 'm out the shipping charges both ways !! what a rip off !! I wonder why this company makes a product that is not usable .
 I am pleased with the pendant but very dissatisfied with it as a necklace . In its description it clearly says , and I quote , `` Comes ready to wear with a jewelry black rope necklace '' , well only if you have an EXTREMELY small head . The small black rope does n't open nor adjust , making it absolutely impossible to wear it as a necklace ! I bought this as a gift for my graduating piano student and wo n't be able to use it .
 Not worth it , it comes in a pick that 's made of cheap plastic . Being a guitar player myself , I bought this to pair up my style , but it did n't work . The wording on the necklace is slopy , and the necklace was too short . So I decided to replace the necklace with a metal chain , but the quality of the pick was so bad - I wore it for 2 weeks then threw it away . The scripture on the back of the pick was a nice touch , but I was n't impressed .
 These earring are very cute , maybe sophisticated too.They are simple and classic in design.The only flaw of these earrings is that the Hinge can not take Extended wear.I began to find them on the floor , -LRB- my girlfriend did sleep with them on -LRB- that 's how comfortable they are -RRB- I recommend you buy a few pairs , they 're very inexpensive and especially if you like the look .
 I liked it but after wearing it , I lost one for poor lock that I kept my eye on it but I lost it .
 If you like folks squinting and asking you `` whats that supposed to be ? '' then this is the pendant for you . Its rather small to the point where the features are not noticable , and its very light . If it were larger I think I 'd of liked it . It would make for a good `` charm '' persay , for a bracelet perhaps though . To each ` is own .
 Please do not purchase based on the dimensions Sabrina Silver advertises . They are NOT 10mm wide and are a lot closer to 3mm -LRB- all other dimensions are correct -RRB- . I had contacted the seller numerous times but they refuse to change this information and will not refund my shipping costs even though the product is misrepresented and the pair I had received had a hinge -LRB- not the post -RRB- that was defective -LRB- hinge was not filed and very sharp to point where you could pop a balloon with it -RRB- . I was looking for a very small but wide huggie earring and going by the dimensions thought this was the pair I had been searching for , it was not . For anyone looking for a wide silver huggie earring , Stuller makes a great quality product and worth the extra $ $ . I will never do business with a company that thinks you are NOT entitled to a full refund for a misrepresented , damaged product that they send you .
 These earrings were exactly as pictured but the one earring would not hug and I would loose the earring . The seller did offer to replace if I would send them back .
 These earrings are so titsy bitsy . Not sure what about these earrings was 3/4 '' . The diameter of the circle was maybe 1/2 '' .
 I 'd like to point out that the good reviews for this ring were n't from the person who actually wears this ring . The feet are VERY sharp and I have also have scars from her feet and forget trying to get into your pocket wearing it . I tried wearing the fairy in both directions but now just have scars in two places on my finger . Do n't get me wrong , I loved this ring ! It 's super cute but I 'm not sure it 's worth the injury . I ended up filing down her feet and that seems to have helped for now .
 I love fairies so when I saw this ring I had to have it . That was until I went to use the restroom , was pulling my pants back up and the feet < which are pointy as daggers > ripped about a 3 in gash across my knee . Here I am at work , trying to sop up the blood and get back to my desk . I gave the ring away after that , but I have a nice scar to show for it !
 I bought this ring , I thought it was pretty , until I got it home . They should inform you that the feet of the fairy are like a dagger ! I have multiple scars on my finger where its gouged me , and I have a 3 inch scar up my knee where the feet ripped thru my pants and into my knee ! I had it in my pocket so I could use the restroom . I was going to send it back but I dont know the info was , so I left it on my desk at work hoping someone would steal it , no luck so far .
 I wore this for 5 days , and it turned BLACK I threw it away ... I dont believe it was advertised correctly , but then again you get what you pay for , I will be getting my jewelry in person from now on .
 I am pretty sure I asked for an 18 inch chain and I received what might be a 14inch chain . All that aside , it is a lovely chain , nice quality for the price , fairly sturdy , good clasp . Be careful in requesting your size .
 I bought the 20in box chain , length was perfect . When I opened the package the necklace was very YELLOW , looked super fake so I wore it that night in hopes that the color would tone down ... It toned way down . Now it looks like brass which sucks because my name charm is not . Im suprised my neck isnt black . I have had many gold plated/vermiel items from necklaces to bangles and none of them ever looked like this after one day .
 Light in weight and light in color chain . You get what you pay for . It 's a perfect `` I do n't really know you but , here 's a little something '' gift or for a child .
 That goes for the seller to . Got my necklace and it was so aged and tarnished I did n't even take it out of the package for fear it would crumble in my hands . Got a return number from Amazon and returned product postage verified -LRB- it was received -RRB- and seller never gave me credit . Amazaon was also unable to assist . Now I know why ebay does so much better . Was going to purchase a kindle but now that I see how bad the Amazon really feels about there customers I spend a few extra bucks for the Ipad . Will be contacting BBB LA about StarWorld Toys . Bad Company .
 Not pleased at all with product . Does not look anything like picture on site . Very cheap looking . Very , very disapointed with product . Do not reccommened buying this product .
 I had one of these before but it was from another maker ofcourse , the one i had was the correct size , it had markings on both sides and the quality was waayyy better . This one feels cheap , it 's too light and the chains breaks extremely fast .
 The medallion is in no way a master replica of the one seen in the movie , and I do n't understand why the seller felt justified in putting `` exact replica '' in the product description , and putting up a misleading photo of the coin.It may be a fun toy for children , but to all those looking for an actual replica - it looks like _ a toy for children _ .
 I was rather disappointed with both Doll TV and the item . The coin looks like it was made of cheap plastic . I have toddler toys made of the same material . The packaging is also very cheap and childish for a limited edition collectible.I was certainly expecting a lot more for a limited edition replica which costs $ 25.00 . When I contaced Doll TV to discuss the item , I was told that this was `` an exact prop replica of the coin necklace worn in the movie '' and that they would refund my shipping costs if I removed my comments . I did n't even pay for shipping !
 I just got the item in today after waiting almost 2weeks after I purchased it . For the price you pay its not exactly as nice as you expect . For a small jewlery box its poorly finished , on the inside you can see glue all over where they put it together and on the outside there are bubbles from what I can only assume is the nails holding the wood together . The latch on the front doest fit snug at all nor does it line up quite right . Im quite dissapointed I do not suggest this to anyone looking for a small Asian inspired jewlery box or anything of the sort .
 Not quite those expensive lacquer boxes you might find in import stores and boutiques . The sides seams were splitting and were coming off when it arrived , making it useless as a Christmas present . I am not sure how they 're sourcing these , but you get what you pay for in this case .
 Had this for only a couple of months or so and it 's already broken . It only ever received occasional , light wear . The chain snapped clean through . Do not waste your money .
 Had this for only a couple of months or so and it 's already broken . It only ever received occasional , light wear . The chain snapped clean through . Do not waste your money .
 Had this for only a couple of months or so and it 's already broken . It only ever received occasional , light wear . The chain snapped clean through . Do not waste your money .
 The silver necklace looks very nice and sturdy so I got it for my husband to wear a Celtic cross on . The first time he took it off over his head it broke at the clasp . Not very happy .
 Teeny Tiny , with one of those chains that is so thin that it gets tied up in knots if you so much as look at it.I returned it.Mairead
 I received the necklace stand instead of the bracelet stand . Im so disappointed I was really looking forward to the bracelet stand . How do I fix this ??
 much smaller tham i thought these would be . hardly can see the stones , i 've never worn them , but too much of a hassle to send back ! buyer beware !
 I ordered these as a gift they looked so pretty online and they got good reviews so I decided to purchase them . BIG mistake !! They are very cheap looking . I realize I did n't pay that much for them but I could have Bought a $ 5 pair and they would 've looked nicer !! You can tell on the earrings where the stone has been molded into the other part of the earring ... absolutely horrible !! The reviews for it have to be fake ! I have learned my lesson not to buy jewelry online .
 The bracelet is well made but I was soooooooooooooooo disappointed in the light light blue stones ... they look almost clear . I am thinking of sending it back .
 I waited too long for delivery . It took nearly 2 weeks for me to received a shipment that supposedly shipped the same or next day . I received a ring that was much larger in size than the order specified , and the band was bent . I requested a size 10 , and the bandwidth of the item I received exceeded the size 10 bandwidth on the ring sizing chart.I returned the ring via certified mail and requested an exhange . The return was confirmed received on Friday 3 August . The vendor kindly informed me that the order would be processed and shipped on Monday 6 August . Except for the flawed band & wrong size , I like the design and alloy . But if this order takes more than a week to receive , I will not purchase from this merchant again because the delivery time does not justify the original shipping cost . Moreover , if the exchange is sized incorrectly or the band is bent , I will request a refund .
 I was very disappointed that when I got this item it was bent . It took a long time to try and return it also .
 The bracelet looks cheap and netaya sent it in a bubble wrap envelope with no support , so it was warped and bent when it arrived . I used to think that amazon cared about the quality of the products they have on there web site , so i did ` nt check netaya 's feedback , i wish i would have . This company is a joke and i guess i ca n't trust amazon to market quality products either .
 I was very disappointed in this product , it looked like something you might get out of a gumball machine . No stones at all and is just thin plastic like silver ? Misleading picture , it does n't look like it at all !! I would n't have paid $ 2.00 ! I am going to return it right away . What a waste of time and money !! No star if i could !!
 These earrings are very pretty , and they thread through your ear just fine , but they have one majory design flaw ... there is nothing to keep the thread from continuing to slip through your ear , until it falls right on out!The weight of the crystal pulls the thread down , and gravity does the rest . I tried all different ways of attempting to get these things to stay put ... even tried to tie a knot behind my ear as an improvised backing . You can imagine how well that worked!Very disappointed .
 Earrings are a good size but the stones look pretty cheap . Up close they look dirty and scratched . Save your money .
 Very cheaply made and fell apart within a month . Save yourself the aggravation and spend a little more for a better piece !
 The stones are shiny but the pin made my ear ache and swollen . I will never wear them again .
 The product seemed as if it was a good buy ... so i walk down to my local post office to pick up my package open it and its no earrings in the package ... i dont know if some 1 at the post office stole it or if they forgot to package my stuff but now im out of 15 dollars
 the earrings r nice , but the back part r 2 small 2 put on -LSB- 2 small for the hands -RSB- not good !!!!!
 I had them for a week and the gem started to get loose and then finally it fell out after about a week and a half ... . DO NOT BUY THESE !
 Initially I was happy until my son wore them for a few months . Then I was n't really impressed with them . Yes , they looked nice and sparkly . BUT they turned my son 's ears a nasty color . I had to buy another pair of Sterling Silver ones somewhere else for roughly a couple of dollars more and they have Not turned my son 's ears strange colors . Makes me wonder what kind of `` Sterling Silver '' they were .
 These earrings are indeed beautiful , and I loved wearing them for the few hours before one of the stones fell out of its setting . I do n't know if this is common or a one-time event , but be warned . I 'm hoping to exchange for another pair and that this is only an anomaly .
 this website 's colors are not accurate especially for the cubic zirconia `` lavender '' earings they BARELY have any purple or `` lavender '' one can barely tell it has color ! they are cheap and not worth your time !
 Bought these earrings but they were different sizes and unacceptable as gifts . Also , as best as I can tell there is no such thing as a quadruple A rating for pearls . Would not buy again and shame on Amazon for serving this to its customers .
 I just got these in the mail today and I 'm sad to say that they 're pretty scratched up . It 's not like I got out a magnifying glass , it was at first glance that these looked pretty banged up . I wish they would have come in better condition so that I could say that these were worth the money I spent , but they just were n't . The $ 5 crappy ones from Wal-Mart look better than these do.Also majorly bummed that everyone else who left a review seemed to have a great experience and I did n't : -LRB-
 Gem topped barbells are NOT a smart idea . . This thing cut the roof of my mouth so badly . . Not to mention the bead with the gem on it is halfassed glued on . . so that FELL OFF completely in my mouth.Terrible quality .
 I got this item for a gift for my sister and they seem to be a good size in the picture but when they came they we 're smaller then an earring back .
 I have purchased jewelry from Amazon.com in the past and been very satisfied , but these earrings were junk ! I purchased them as a birthday present for my wife , and when she took the earrings out , the `` gold '' on the posts flaked right off , revealing black metal underneath.To add insult to injury , as I made the purchase a little over a month before her birthday , Amazon charged me a 20 % restocking fee . I suppose I should be grateful - they originally were n't going to take them back at all , but as they were defective , they decided to only charge me $ 95.40 for the privilege of returning their defective product and ruining my wife 's birthday . Thanks , Amazon !
 It seemed like a great buy , but the chain was really short , and it arrived with spotted of noticeable discoloration throughout it . I returned it .
 The item is described as `` 10 mm Pink Genuine Pearl ... '' These are NOT genuine pearls . These are simulated pearls . Swarovski does make simulated pearls , these might be those simulated pearls or other simulated pearls . Quite honestly , considering the description is inaccurate , I doubt the crystal is even really Swarovski elements . It feels much more plastic-like than my genuine Swarovski items . The earrings are cute , but not the deal you might think considering the misleading title.I own three other pairs of pink pearl earrings , and bought these to replace a pair that was lost . Although these are nice , they do n't quite wow me like I thought they would considering all the five star reviews .
 I did not receive an oval fresh water pink pearl . I received a smaller , round pearl . Not at all what I wanted.I am very disappointed . Would not order from this site again .
 First time I have bought this bracelet more tan 2 years ago . It was perfect and I used to love it . Until I 've lost it one day.Then I decided to buy 2 more of it . But unfortunately I am not happy with the purchase this time . -LRB- Note , that the seller is the same and the only . -RRB- The metal -LRB- silver ? -RRB- parts of bracelet are in something yellow substance like glue ! Moreover , the one of the 2 bracelets I 've bought is totally deserves nothing more than to be thrown out . It has defective leather straps . In one place it is torn , in others it is shines with gloss . Very disappointed .
 This piece appears better crafted in the image than it actually is . It is poor quality sterling at best . The details are rounded and not cleanly etched . For the price I expected much better in such a small piece . I do enjoy the design but wear it more often as a lapel pin than a pendant . Service was speedy but do n't get this item if you want fine detail .
 This ring is pretty cool looking , but the problem is that it is fragile . I dropped it in the bathroom after I washed my hands , and it broke into five diffrent pieces . If you insisst on buying this ring I would suggest that you take extra care of it , and be very careful .
 It was exactly as described , and fit one of my fingers really well . It shipped fast , and I was really pleased at how gorgeous it was.I had previously purchased one except that it was thicker . I wore it for a while , about a few months or so , until it broke . I had slapped my hand down on the concrete , and it just crumbled to pieces . My boss remarked at how fragile hematite was , and I had never realized that . So , I suppose I should n't have purchased one in the first place . But I think they 're really pretty.The quality , however , is n't all that great . I purchased this one -LRB- my second one -RRB- , and it broke later that night , actually cutting my finger and I still have a very small shard imbeded into my skin . : \ It 's pretty , I like it , but it 's SO fragile .
 The ring looks very nice , but the quality is not so nice . This was the second time I have purchased this ring for my husband . He is a man that talks with his hands , both times he was pointing to something on a table and voila , the ring broke into many pieces . Needless to say we are going to get a quality metal this time . If you are gentle with your hands , this ring may work . It is a nice looking ring , but you get what you pay for .
 i got this for my husband after he lost his wedding band . at first it was really nice and he got a lot of compliments . about a month after getting it he was at practice for Honor Guard doing movements on a rifle . He tapped his hand against the rifle and the ring shattered.I also got myself one which i do still have , but do not wear . It has n't broken because i do n't work with my hands , but the appearance is n't very good anymore . It starts to get prints all over it that just wo n't come off .
 i wore this ring only twice i dropped it and it broke into 3 pieces .
 Very disappointed . I also purchased 2 other colors , and those were well-made and gorgeous , but the Bamboo Coral Chip earrings were full of little holes -LRB- therefore the swiss cheese comparison -RRB- and glaring imperfections . There is no way I 'd wear them , so I tossed in the trash . I could have returned them , but they are so cheap that the shipping cost alone would have made the return not worth it . Overall , no big deal . It 's a shame since the red color is so pretty .
 If you look closely at the pictures , the small figures are ghosts . I did n't figure this out until I ordered the product . When I complained to the Company , they told me I was the first to say this and they had sold thousands . I have a hard time believing that . The good thing was that the company was great about the return . My cost was the shipping for learning this lesson .
 Bought this for my daughter for Christmas . At first it looked great ... then she wore it . Even though she did nothing rough while wearing it to cause any damage , the ring became misshapen very quickly and easily , and one of the aquamarine stones fell out within three weeks . This may have been from how the ring went out of shape but neither should have happened to easily and quickly . Quite disappointed . I would suggest looking elsewhere for an aquamarine ring and save yourself the money and disappointment .
 The diamonds were dirty and cloudy . The earrings looked terrible . There was also 1 diamond missing from the earrings . I guess you get what you pay for and there was no bargin here .
 The earrings I got ARE NOT the same as presented in the picture . What I got is of a cheaper quality and they are not what I want at all . I would not recommend anyone to buy these earrings . A waste of good money .
 Item arrived with a missing stone and one of the hoop hinges did not lock tightly . Terribly disappointing as the earrings were beautiful .
 I bought these at 50 % off and was hopeful to get a beautiful pair of 2ct diamond hoops for going out to dinner , the ballet etc. . I opened the box and was so diappointed . They have NO sparkle . They look like textured white gold or something because the diamonds are sooo small . How diappointing ! They are going back .
 I love the design of this earrings but I would question the amber part , looks and feels like plastic . This is why I gave only 1 star . Design is great , they look really nice and they add a little spice to Your outfit but what I appreciate the most in jewelry I buy is quality . The amber part in my opinion is not amber and I do n't like being cheated . Seller advertises this earrings as amber ... i would n't be so sure about it .
 I think this fell apart within a day . I thought it would be a good idea , and I think it looks cool , but it is plastic and it does n't stay together well so it just fell out too quickly . Seller is good , just this particular product is cheap . Thanks !
 Please , read the history behind the claddagh ring . I think it 's an insult to its meaning to wear it as a toe ring . It 's not just another pretty ring it has meaning and it should be worn properly . PLEASE wear it right and show a little Irish pride and loyalty .
 I like these , they 're super cute , but I ca n't get them in after I taper because the ends are flared !
 I got this locket as a gift for he holidays . When I got it I was shocked to say the least . First thing I noticed was the general look of the piece , which to be honest seemed off in comparison to the picture . The inside of the locket was the second thing . It was blank in the locket , just an ugly metallic look . Third thing that , in the end made me return the item , was clasp that held the door of the locket closed . To be blunt it did n't work . All in all I give the item a 2 , only for the fact that it is technically a locket with pretty stones on it .
 wow I never thought I 'd have to write a review about a lapel but this one sure needs it . I love the look of it and I love that it has all 50 stars and 13 stripes but golly it sure fails in every duty of a lapel . The back of it falls off without even pulling on it . I tried to bend it a bit but it made no difference . I ended up just bending the needle flat and that stayed for all of two days 'till it fell off and now it 's gone for good . I had it for about one week .
 I AM A REGULAR SHOPPER ON AMAZON AND HAVE NEVER RETURNED AN ITEM.BUT as they say theres always a first time.THE ITEM LOOKS TOTALLY DIFFERENT THEN WHAT IS SHOWN IN THE AD !! THE ITEM IS WORTH $ 20 IF THAT . I RETURNED ITEM THE NEXT MORNING AFTER RECEIVING IT . I WOULD HAVE BEEN EMBARRESSED TO GIVE THAT AS A GIFT TO ANYONE .
 These would indeed be worth 5-stars except that the photo shows that they are not `` mirrored '' earrings - the left and right ears are not supposed to have the same earring when the design is assymetrical . Fine jewelery earrings are supposed to be `` mirrored '' .
 If you 're a restaurant hostess , a hotel front-desk clerk , or the type of person who gets dressed , drives to work , sits at a desk at your computer , and drives home , this ring will be fine for you . I love the look of this ring and the art glass colors are beautiful , but I lost the pink glass ball the FIRST day I wore this ring . It was nice and tight in the tension band , but even sticking your hand in your pocket or unbuckling your toddler from a car seat can scrape the ball out of the setting . I have since tried to wear the other colors and am now down to just three of the five colors . I try to be mindful of the fact that the ring sits high off the finger and the ball can pop out pretty easily , but have still lost two of the balls . Sometimes , the ball will pop out and I 'll notice it right then and recover it . But the last one I lost was while unloading groceries -LRB- either from my cart into the trunk , or from the trunk into the house -RRB- , so I have no idea where the little ball may be . This is a great idea , but I have another `` changeable stones '' ring that grasps the stone much more securely , so I wear that one a lot more often .
 I loved the photo , and the price!When I opened the box , I was disappointed that both earrings had inclusions on the top of the table -LRB- top of the stone -RRB- which were quite visible with only my eye . I am not a diamond expert and do not know if the price was good for this item or not . However , I purchased the earrings thinking they would look like the photo and these clearly were not the earrings used for the promotional photograph . I would not have wanted the earrings if I had seen them prior to placing the order . I returned them and had no problem receiving a refund .
 This is definitely not 4 cttw . A 2 ct diamond measures anywhere from 7 to 7.5 mm . So when I read the product detail saying that it measures 7.15 mm I thought this must be 4 cttw and that 's why I ordered a pair . But I was so frustrated when I received the package because the diamond measured only 5.5 mm so it must be 2 cttw . I am returning this .
 I 'm not sure if it 's silver
 ordered this item and it was not as big as i thought it would be was very un happy will be returning this item the pic makes it look bigger then it is if you put it on your neck you wouldnt be able to see it
 I was looking for a dainty , CZ bracelet that looked real . Did n't want one that was too large , hence , obviously fake looking as I 'm getting out of my Toyota minivan and not my Mercedes
 I never received the product at all and this was quite irritating since I paid for it . when i call the vendor they say its been delivered to my address this is shoddy work ...
 These earrings looked perfect in the picture . They were well shaped and not too big . I am not a fan of large earrings . Their only failing is that they do n't match in color . One of the earrings is almost black and the other is a little darker than royal blue . When you put them together , it looks like you put on one earring each from a different set . I have even had comments . I would say that you need to look for a different manufacturer that does a better job of matching the earring pair .
 Save your money . The chain snapped in one week after light wear . Not the clasp either , the whole chain . Do not buy !!!
 This is a huge waste of money I had it for about a month when the part that holds the symbol to the necklace broke . I seriously not wasting your money on this low quality item
 Do your research people . This is a Caduceus ... commonly mistaken for the symbol of the medical field . The correct symbol for the medical field is the Staff of Asclepius -LRB- found with different spellings -RRB- which is a worm around a stick . The symbol comes from the way a Guinea worm is removed from an infected person 's body . It 's rolled around a stick and removed slowly over weeks or months . One worm ... not a snake ... on a stick without wings.The Caduceus is a totally different story with a different origin and was mistakenly used as the medical field 's symbol somewhere in history .
 Instead , this is the Caduceus -- look it up . Nice try , guise , but no cigar . Not even related to the rod of Aesculapius , which has only one snake and no wings .
 I ordered this item a while ago . it got to me in a reasonably timely manner , so I have no complaints about THAT.shipping costs were pretty high.the Pendant itself is GORGEOUS , but the chain is cheap and tacky . I 'm going to have to purchase a sterling silver chain that will compliment the Pendant , without turning brown . but I really wanted the Pendant . so I 'll get another chain that wo n't tarnish , but will show it off.actually , they would have been better off to sell the Pendant without a chain .
 Save your money . The chain snapped in one week after light wear . Not the clasp either , the whole chain . Do not buy !!!
 The earings themselves look nice but if you are buying them because of the diamonds then do n't waste your time . You will be sending them back like I did.The diamonds have absolutely no sparkle , even in the direct sun . The only reason why I buy things with diamonds is because they sparkle , these do n't , they look like someone forget to put in the batteries .
 When I recieved this bangle is was already bent in two places . It is tooooo thin and not $ 99.98 worth of gold . I returned it for a refund .
 Granted , the earrings were not expensive . However , I ordered them to go with an abalone pendent I purchased from another site . When they arrived in the mail , they were both broken . I never even took them out of the package . The little abalone stones had popped off of the silver mounts on both earrings . I will be able to buy some jewelers glue and glue them back on , but I should n't have to do that . Also , one of the sterling tear drop bases has a burr on it . It looks as though it should have been filed down , but was left on . As it turns out , I found a pair at Kohl 's .
 These are not sized correctly . I order two different sizes , both rings were the same circumferance and both too small to fit .
 looks a little antic but it is nice , it would be a nice present to give to a niece . hope she likes it along with other jewerly that I got her
 Nice ring for the an inexpensive ring , but one stone was missing . It was not worth returning it as you would pay more for postage than what the ring cost .
 The charm itself was acceptable , however , due to the lack of care involved when packaging this item , the chain arrived to me knots and broken beyond repair . The chain arrives coiled up in a little pouch . For such a fragile chain , this is definitely a necklace that needs to be secured in a box , not coiled up in a small pouch where it will likely get in knots . The chain was broken and useless , i had to return it , and just purchase a new chain locally , as this was suppose to be a Christmas gift .
 Bought this knecklace , but it was very cheap looking . One of the `` diamonds '' fell out of the heart already and has started to turn colors . Only a month old .
 Had this for a week and the first time my daughter grabed it , it was broken . This metel is too weak for this product . Do Not buy this pruduct if you are really thinking of putting it around you neck.Randy
 they were cute enough when I got them . great for casual wear with jeans . they broke in a little over a week . seems to be the re-occuring theme with anything from silverspeck . I have begun avoiding any jewelry they sell on here .
 The 14K Yellow Gold Bracelet I ordered came on time and in perfect condition . The product itself however was not what I expected . The picture they give is a little deceiving . The bracelet , although is the stated 7 in. , is very thin . I did keep it and will wear it at times even though you can bearly see it . I would n't recommend it .
 Not as pretty nor as detailed as cameos that I have purchased in the past . Rather disappointing .
 The rosary i ordered was close enough but i was HIGHLY disappointed in the green velvet box it came in . You advertised a box with the statement `` St Patrick '' on it , which is my fathers name . The box i ordered opened sideways and was inscribed . The box i received opened the wrong way and the company name was poorly written on the inside . The rosary didnt even hang right in the box . I was very excited about this gift for him and it completely ruined the ambience of the gift.Very disappointed.Also , the white box surrounding the velvet box was damaged and torn so it made the gift look cheap , which is was not , and it scratched the velvet.In future if you are going to advertise something pretty enough to catch someones eye , do n't break their heart by smashing it in the wrong box , with the wrong inscription and no explanation
 I guess the saying is ture , you get what you pay for . But I still think a seller should be HONEST in their description to save us the trouble of purchasing , mailing back , and waiting for a refund.These earrings should not have been described as SI2-I1 . There were a few black specks in the diamonds that were VERY visable to the naked eye . Not alot of sparkle in them , but I would 've kept them if they did n't have the black specks.They did provide a full refund , so i guess I ca n't complain too much .
 THIS IS THE 2ND ANKLET I HAVE BOUGHT THE 1ST ONE LASTED ABOUT 2 WEEKS AND THE 2ND ONE DID N'T LAST A DAY . I WOULD ADVISE EVERYONE NOT TO PURCHASE THIS ANKLET EVER . STERLING SILVER CELTIC CLADDAGH CHARM 9 INCH FIGARO ANKLET .
 music box plays the song just fine , but the tempo is about twice as fast as it should be , makes the song kind of difficult to recognize if you dont know what it is beforehand . I suppose im being hard on it considering its just a cheaply made toy , but its just bothersome . If you want a quality music box try something else , possibly something a little pricier .
 I was bought this present for valentines day . It 's pretty . I do wear them for everyday use
 They could not be any smaller , the diamonds or the earrings . I should have known better .
 The ones I received would n't lock anbd were bent . I need an address to return them and get a refund . I do n't have the receipt .
 These earrings , while cute , are extremely small . I ca n't even put the TIP of my pinky finger through the hoop .
 I was flabbergasted when I opened the box with these earrings in them . They are so incredibly small in diameter they should only be ordered for a child .
 They shouldshow actual size somewhere in the add not give you dimensionsthat are in metric so that you can tell what they actually look like ' They are extremely small and the picture even though it is of them is blown up to make them look better I may be returning them if my wife does n't want them as they are small and hard to see . I personally think they are not worth what was charged for them .
 I would not recommend this product . From pictures used to advertise this product , it looks like you can see the individaul diamonds . This is completely not the case . I could not make out the individual diamonds at all , they are way too . Not only are the diamonds small , the earings are small . This product is overpriced and and would not be something you would want to give someone as a meaningful gift because you simply can not see what the earrings really look like . Andrew
 Returned the merchandize ... too small for the asking price ... seen better deal on shopping on line ... Returning the item was easy and fast ...
 These earings were ok quality , but were really small . They would be better suited for a child .
 Product is very attractive ; however , too small and flimsy for the price . Aditionally , item is too small compared to actual .
 When I received the earrings I got very disappointed because they are very very small . I had to sell them , my wife never wanted to wear them .
 The diamonds are waaayyy too small . Nothing like the picture . Sent it back .
 Will never shop for jewelry on Amazon again . Twice , I have been given expensive earings only to find that they are sized for a small child , not an adult . Last year my son purchased chocolate diamond earings . This year , my husband purchased the diamond earings . They are very tiny . He could not believe his eyes and apologized .
 This braclet is sooo cute , right ? So why did I rate it one star ? Because it is waaay more money than it should be . I bought one from Claires for less than 10 dollars and it looks the same . It was , of course , knock-off Tiffany , but no one REALLY cares ...
 the ring its self is nice.but the thing that confuses is me is why these rings are sized 10 or 9 or lower . i got the biggest size to be safe -LRB- 9 i think -RRB- , and the stupid ring looked like it could barley fit a 5 year old . its as if they expect you to have skeleton sized fingers.theres no way the ring was a size nine if so then a size fize according to this ring is the radius of a pencil
 This item claims to be a pendant . well i received it on the cheap rope its shown on and it looks like a keychain not a necklace !
 i really wanted something tiny to wear it everyday thats why i purchased them but i wanted also that it should be shiny sparkling and so theese earings are so dullll not shining at all i used to buy from nataya but this time i am dissapointed ...
 I am very let down by the quality and appearance of this ring . the garnet is beautiful ~ it has wonderful color and light . but the quality of the silver is so dull and lackluster , honestly , it looks like those rings i used to buy as a child that were displayed in foam rubber at the dime store . No matter the quality of the garnet , it looks like a complete fake because the silver around it looks like tin ! The detail of the mold is very good , but again , the silver has no glimmer , no weight.I cleaned it with jewelry cleaner and there was no improvement . I am highly disappointed as I love some of the other designs by this vendor . but honestly , i do n't even want to wear the ring it looks so awful .
 I loved this ring when I received it , however , after wearing it one time for a short period of time , the stones split and the top portion fell off . The ring now appears to be missing stones and has lost its sparkle . Needless to say I am very disappointed with the quality of my purchase . Looks nice , but you ca n't wear it !!!
 The picture is decieving . I bought this for my mom and when i got it I was disappointed at how very tiny the diamonds were . I was going more by the picture than the description -LRB- I do n't buy diamonds a lot -RRB- . Ended up returining it .
 The diamonds are so small that you can hardly see them . For $ 700.00 it was way over priced . $ 100.00 was closer to the actual price .
 I would like to order this item but can not find the length on the description .
 Despite the title and the seller 's statement that this item is fully functional as a wax seal , it is not.It suffers from two principle problems :1 . -RRB- Contrary to the picture , the low relief portions of the seal have been filled with some type of dark enamel to increase contrast . This enamel sticks STRONGLY to wax , resulting in either the enamel coming out on the seal or the wax adhering to seal . Either way it is impossible to get a good impression .2 . -RRB- The metal used for this seal softens in hot wax , causing the design to distort.This might be a nice piece of costume jewelry , but it is not a wax seal by any stretch .
 Nice size and nice snowflake pattern but it looks to me like they just sprinkled glitter over the brooch ... I expected crystals . . If pin has them I can not see them ... Very fast shipping . .
 this necklace is not sterling silver i cant find 925 on it ne where it feels like something that came from a bubble gum machine the key bends easily and will soon just break its more like plastic than silver it was a good fraud for 30 bucks u got me once u will not do it again !!!!!!!!! amanda payne
 The key is designed wonderfully , but , sadly , its construction does n't hold up so well ... very prone to bending and -LRB- eventually -RRB- breaking . I 'll be looking for a sturdier replacement .
 I received the key in great time but it was very small and not very sturdy as the picture may make it seem . The key is very weak between the pentical and the diamond shape in the middle . do not recommend to anyone buying this for a everyday wear or anything of the sort . The chain is also very small .
 it looks big and strong in a picture but Unfortunately , after few weeks from buying it became broken
 This was a Christmas gift that my 16 son got for his girlfriend . 2 stones fell out in the first few days . Now we are going out today to check out Walmart , Kohls or Meijer to see if we can try again !
 This is a perfect gift for a teenager , it 's a nice size and very pretty.After a few months it looks awful , it 's so tarnished . Obviously not the best quality .
 This is the fifth copper bracelet I have bought from amazon . I am always trying to combine copper jewelry with magnets-to rid my body of ionized pathogens-and norse or celtic symbols-to show my pride in my heritage . The other four bracelets I bought-see my reviews-were bigger and had four to six magnets each , and I paid 1/4 what I paid for this . I think this seller has a moral obligation to refund everyone they ripped off with this bracelet there money -LRB- I know , it 's a business welcome to America
 This pendant looked horrible when it came in , it appeared to almost have a white powdery look to it - definitely not a shiny silver finish like in the picture . It was no way worth the price and the sellers took over a week to respond back , I returned this item and it took them almost a month to refund my money .
 Cheap quality and it shows in the clarity of the diamonds or rather the lack therof . The old adage is right > You get what you pay for .
 I have always been 100 % satisified with Amazon but this item was low quality and we returned it . My first bad review for a product from this nearly perfect online shopping site.Diamonds very low quality and just looked like it came out of a gum ball machine.Amazon gladly refunded money and paid to ship it back .
 If you want to impress someone with a thoughtful and small jewellery , this is not it . My wife didnt like it , didnt event look like -LRB- real -RRB- diamonds . Dont buy it
 I guess I should n't have been disappointed but I am . I purchased it because I am a very small person and I thought that this would be the perfect size . However , it 's much smaller than it appears . I wear about a size 3 and the 3-prong diamond barely covers 1/4 of my finger . The gold does not appear to be 14k either as this is really light-weight and a very light yellow shade . I almost thought that I bought a white gold band . This ring has a very flimsy feel to it and it 's cheaper than I would have imagined . Not to mention that the ring was an imperfect circle . I would n't be surprised if it bent if I squeezed it . I am even more disappointed because Amazon did not send a certificate with it like they did when I purchased my previous ring . I do not recommend this ring to anyone . It looks dinky and you 're better off purchasing a 1/4 ct solitaire . This ring just does n't look right .
 The butterfly was larger than I expected . Mine did n't come with a chain , but perhaps it was n't supposed to . The piece felt hollow . I would call it molded rather than crafted . Diamond chips were barely visible . Sorry , but it was cheap looking . I would never give as a gift . This company has been great with returns -LRB- plus their gift boxes are very nice -RRB- , so I know there will be no problem returning .
 this ring is very pretty , fit and sizing was excellent , shipping speed was great , however , after a few weeks of wearing , the metal has a grainy texture and is turning dull . it appears that it is not real silver . i am also allergic to many other metals besides silver and i can not wear the ring because my finger breaks out in hives . maybe the silver coat is wearing off ? i am disappointed in the product and wish i would have invested in a more quality ring .
 Actual pc is 1/8th the screen shot , you need a maginifying glass to read it , if I had had a return slip I would have returned it !
 Rose fell off of charm base within days of placing it on charm bracelet . I have ordered from Pugster many times and these it the first item I have had a bad experience with Pugster . I was very disappointed about this charm as it was a gift to my sister at Christmas for her bracelet .
 I purchased this exact item and was so upset when I received it because it is so tiny . It can not weigh more than a bottle cap , if that.It is SO very NOT WORTH YOUR MONEY!I thought that I could take the rings off and put them on another necklace , but the rings are so minute and little that only the thinnest of chains can fit on it . The chain will break if you unclasp it .
 What is the size of this ring ? Ca n't order if size is not given . Looks like great quality , but no size given .
 i ordered this item over a month ago and have still never received it .
 Ordered as last minute Christmas gift for my 6 yr old girl . The flowers are not pink . The chain was in a knot when I opened the package . After unraveling the chain I found out why - it was broken . I believe it was shipped broken and knotted to hide it . Poor quality item . Overpriced and did not look like the images . Only positive is that it arrived on time . Pathetic .
 I have a disappointed little girl who received this for Christmas from her grandma . It arrived in a box with the necklace in a velvet bag , a KNOTTED necklace . So even though she wanted to wear her very special necklace from grandma it had to wait until I had time to unknot it . I attempted to gently unknot the necklace using a pin and even though I used no force the chain still manged to come undone at the clasp . The clasps are incredibly tiny so it is going to be close to impossible to ` fix ' this so she can wear it and honestly , if it broke so easily it is n't really sturdy enough for a child to wear . We are terribly disappointed and in no way can I recommend purchasing this item .
 This was a cute locket but far too small to put any sort of a photo in it . The only use it would serve would be a charm never to be opened . Not worth the price .
 I bought them and they are smaller than they looked . I still have them and have never worn them . They are too small , like they would be for a child . I waited too long to return them , so I 'm stuck with them . They are pretty , I might give them to some little girl some day .
 They were much smaller than it looks in the picture ! They are for kids ! I did n't return them because maybe I 'll find a little girl to give them to .
 Was incredibly disappointed after opening the box and the lovely blue drawstring bag they came in only to find itty bitty earrings . They look cheap and disposable . Gave them two stars because they would be a cute gift for a kid .
 The earrings are nice and of good quality but they are much smaller than I thought they would be .
 I typically have great experiences with Amazon , however this time was not so great . The earrings were way smaller then I expected , to the point they became less noticeable then I desired . Fragility of them also seemed to be an issue.Upon the return , the postal service -LRB- USPS -RRB- took over two weeks for it to get to Amazon ... or Amazon dragged their feet . I 'm not sure when they received the return.Shipping to me was typical Prime , no damage to it .
 Unfortunately when this item arrived it turned out to be only 3mm gauge bands as opposed to the description which has the bands at 5mm each . I contacted the seller suggesting that they had dispatched the wrong item as they also have listed a 3mm version but they assured me that I had received the correct item and suggested that if I was not happy with it to return it for a refund - which I have done . I find it odd that the seller is unaware of the anomaly in the description and then to assure me the item is correct when it is clearly not as described - go look for yourself!Sterling Silver Russian Wedding 3 Band Ring
 Russian ring has many minor scratches and sings of use ! I thought I paid for a new ring . I contacted Silver Insanity and got no any response . Also band is thinner than 3mm . This ring is a waste of money , and waste of money to send it back - I 'm afraid that so bad seller wo n't give me my full refund ... Worst experience ever on Amazon ! I do n't recommend .
 This is hands down the WORST purchase I have made on Amazon . I know , I know , you get what you pay for . Yet , I failed to see any mention of the fact that the sapphires would have visible chips , pits and cracks in them -LRB- one of the chips covers almost half of the sapphire -RRB- . This was going to be a gift , but it 's such a terrible piece that I ca n't imagine giving it to anyone . If you are thinking of buying this - save your money .
 I was surprised to find out that this is NOT a star of David as advertised . This is a symbol used by those who are in the Church of Satan . So do n't put this on your kids unless you are into Satanism
 I ordered this for me niece 's 16th Birthday . It came in a small box in a `` bubble '' envelope . The stone is loose , there was no tag on the ring and it can not be exchanged as Peora has no more . Think twice before buying from this company.Sincerely , ari
 It is a lovely ring to look at , but the stone fell off after only a few days ! : - -LRB-
 The toe ring is an excellent product for the price . It fits easily on the toe due to the fact that it is a soft metal . Therefore , one must be very careful to put it on and leave it on the toe . It is not sturdy enough to take on and off . However , it is sturdy enough to be left on . It is a beautiful piece of jewelry and I have had many compliments on it .
 I understood the necklace and bracelet to be a matched set . When the pearls arrived the necklace was a different color and grade than the bracelet . It was really too bad because the bracelet was really rather nice looking . The neklace however was some kind of peach color and so full of flaws , Yeach ...
 It 's been over a month and I have not received my item . I only put one star because it would n't let me put zero .
 I ordered earrings and they never arrived . After two weeks , I inquired and was told they would ship them `` again '' ASAP . Another two weeks went by , and still nothing . However , once I requested a refund , that was promptly processed within 48 hours . That 's the only thing positive that happened in this experience .
 Yes , I received the holder in two pieces . It was broken , the holder from the base . Luckily my husband is a welder and was able to tact it back together . It is a nice product but the shipping department placed it in a envelope instead of a box , so it did n't have a chance to come in one piece . When you pay for shipping/handling you expect it to come in one piece . Please take another look at your shipping method .
 This item was poorly constructed , damaged during shipping or both . Had the item cost half as much , I would have expected this . For an item that will cost over $ 20.00 by the time it 's shipped to you , and only consist of a few wires and metal bands , the least you could expect is an appearance that it was put together carefully . The large wire scroll like frame appears racked and thus makes the metal bands all look bent . Painted finish was so thin that it was already rubbed through in several places when we received the item . It will do the job but should have cost much less for the quality .
 this was supposed to be new , not used . but when this arrived in the box , the silver was chipped in 3-4 places and there are scratches on it right out of the box !! it looks like i have had it for years with the wear and tear on it the way it arrived.the design is nice , and i would like to keep it . but the coating is so poor that it looks too tacky to display with all the chip marks .
 Looks like it might be a good product but the base was broken off when we opened it up . Received it with the base broken off during shipment . I 'm the second one to receive it this way so buyer beware that the stand is fragile .
 You sent me the necklace rack , not the earring rack . I did n't order that for a reason , I wanted an earring holder . Please send me the correct holder . Jacquie Bussen
 I love these guages , so much . I expected to get both gauges as in a PAIR seeing as usually you 'd pay anywhere from $ 14.00 - $ 20.00 for gauges that come in pairs . That was why I decided to pay $ 24.00 -LRB- without shipping -RRB- for a nice SET of gauges but when this one arrived , I was dissappointed in myself for not actually reading what the description of this product was but more dissappointed in Pierce This 2 for putting up a picture of the gauges AS A SET making it seem like someone ordering could get both gauges . -LRB- For someone to order just one is weird because no one gauges just one ear . -RRB- My advice ? Pierce This 2 , please either change the picture or sell them both for the price you 'd like because I made a mistake , yes , but yours is very unreasonable . Thankssss -LRB- :
 You can get a PAIR of gauged earrings for the exact same price these people are charging for A SINGLE earring . Even at expensive places with just as cool designs as this - like hot topic and other places online . Just not worth it when you realize they are 25 dollars a piece .
 For a medical alert charm , I think this one is too small . In the enlarged picture it looks great - real life it it hard to read ... What is A * T ??? you have to guess that it would mean Allergic To , but in a medical emergency , do you really want them guessing ???
 This item shipped folded up in a little bag . It had lots of kinks in it . Would not purchase again !
 Was very pleased to recieve this Beautiful rope chain at first.I ordered this chain for a friend , replacing a much thinner chain which always got tangled . Unfortunately he started getting a bad rash around his neck from this chain after a few weeks use.Be careful .
 It 's okay , have worn it a few times and it looks okay but it is so lightweight ... not a great buy even at this price .
 I pruchased this for my daughter for Christmas and while it looks nice and has a nice weight to it , the chain broke in a matter of days . She did n't snag it or pull on it , it just simply fell off her neck as she was eating dinner . Now I have to take it to a jeweler to have a new chain put on it .
 It is cute but as soon as i got it off the bag the chain broke . It is tiny also .
 This appears larger online than in real life.Very cute and my daughter loved it ... but it did n't take long before it broke.Unfortunate .
 I bought this thinking it would be great . Unfortunately the clasps has sharp spikey bits on it that dig into your skin and hurt . It also broke.Don ' t buy it
 the ring does n't look like the same ring from the picture . the black detail in non existent , and the stone is very dull , and has none of the blue hue shown in the picture , mine looks just like glass . i was so excited when i ordered it , but extremely disappointed when it arrived .
 Too fragile . The flowers are not solid , they 're a thin layer folded to be double sided . The enamel wears off and the posts are too long for a child.Wold not recommend .
 I just received this locket , which was intended to be a gift for my niece for x-mas , and had to decline on giving it to her . when i received it , i actually thought Amazon forgot to put it in the bag it came in . I shook the bag , felt for the necklace , and finally out popped this itty bitty tiny heart pendant . it 's so small , i thought it was more suitable for her doll then for herself . i was very disappointed . other then the size and over priced tag , i thought it was cute - but i will be returning it.sorry !
 I ordered this charm because it looks like a Siamese cat , but the one I received is much less detailed . It still is obviously a cat , but did not match the picture .
 Very poorly constructed . The second time I wore this , the metal coil detached from the leather braiding , which promptly began to unravel .
 The necklace looks great but the end came off as soon as I tried to put it on . Then I noticed the Lobster claw clasp was broke as well . For $ 2.95 what can you expect ?
 Cheap awful item . received refund . they told me they would upgrade it and never did
 I was really looking forward to receiving these earrings , but was very disappointed when I received them . Although they were pretty to look at , functionally they were useless . The sterling silver they are made from seems very flimsy and they have NO latch on them , which means you have to force them open to try to get them on . I had to return them because I was worried I would break them trying to put them on . It 's a shame , because they looked so nice . One earring was also slightly larger than the other .
 I was not happy when I received these earrings as they are too small to handle with acrylic nails . If I had made it to the postoffice they would have sent them back .
 i have not received this item . i am currently waiting for an answer from an e-mail i sent and have not received that either . I cant rate the product but i can rate the company poor at gettng back to customers !
 Hi every body do n't get fool by cheap price , when they say its real diamonds on the Hearts Bracelet.Because if it was it would n't be for twenty nine dollars and some cents.I use too work for a Jewelry company.Those probably or crystal or diamond accent . It two total different things .
 I was very disappointed the first time they sent me this product because the quality of the diamonds was horrible . Most of the diamonds had huge scratches in them , and a couple of them were completely crushed . Although nothing was wrong with the sterling silver hearts and the piece was heavy , I had to send it back for a replacement because of the diamonds . The piece they sent me as a replacement was much better , but many of the diamonds had noticable scratches on them . I will never purchase anything from them again because I believe their diamonds would be low quality like the jewelry they sent me .
 I bought this product and when it arrived it looked different to all my sterling silver bracelets , I would be very surprised if its real silver . More like stainless steel and I ditto everything said about the diamonds . Barely there . Totally not worth the money .
 I was not happy at all with this product . It does not look at all like the picture . It doesnt sparkle at all -LRB- I do not even see any diamonds on it -RRB- . The clasp does not close all the way , which makes the bracelet fall off.I was not satisfied at all , I would have never paid $ 50 for it if I saw it at a store . I emailed the company and never recieved a response back . I ended up returning the item , I just hope I do not have issues with them returning my money.Not only that but the delivery of the product took forever . I got it a few days before Christmas . Since it was a gift it would have been nice to get it earlier , but since I did n't I had to run out on Christmas Eve to get that person another gift .
 These are not cheetah cubs . They are puma/mountain lion cubs . If people are going to use wild animals for their products , they should at least know the species !
 The item is nice , but a lot smaller and not as nice as it looks in the picture . Not worth the money
 The pendant is very pretty and a nice size although the amethysts are very pale in color . The chain is worthless . It is thinner than dental floss and will break the first time it gets caught in anything . The clasp is very cheap and opens unevenly making it difficult to close . If you buy this , plan on purchasing a more substantial chain to wear it on .
 Well the ring in the picture looked alot bigger than it was , way bigger . So am returning it because it was a gift for my wife and she could bairly see the diamonds in the ring .
 One star is one too many for this piece of jewelry , but I had no choice , as I had to enter a rating . Personally , I believe it deserves 0 stars . When I received the ring in the mail I was pleasantly surprised , as the setting was beautiful and the stone very clear . But after wearing it only a few short hours , the stone came loose , unbeknownst to me , and as I later discovered , fell out . It is not an expensive piece by any means , so I was not too put out over it , but if you are considering purchasing this item , I would suggest passing this one up .
 the stone fell out one day after owning this ring , it is very beautiful and i would have it set again , this time much better than was shipped , but i can not find the stone.oh i guess i wo n't be shopping here anymore
 You get what you pay for here . I think it is prettier on the computer than in person . My son 's girlfriend wore it two days and it started tarnishing . She was so happy with it when he first gave it to her , so I hate that it is not holding up .
 One star is one too many for this piece of jewelry , but I had no choice , as I had to enter a rating . Personally , I believe it deserves 0 stars . When I received the ring in the mail I was pleasantly surprised , as the setting was beautiful and the stone very clear . But after wearing it only a few short hours , the stone came loose , unbeknownst to me , and as I later discovered , fell out . It is not an expensive piece by any means , so I was not too put out over it , but if you are considering purchasing this item , I would suggest passing this one up .
 the stone fell out one day after owning this ring , it is very beautiful and i would have it set again , this time much better than was shipped , but i can not find the stone.oh i guess i wo n't be shopping here anymore
 You get what you pay for here . I think it is prettier on the computer than in person . My son 's girlfriend wore it two days and it started tarnishing . She was so happy with it when he first gave it to her , so I hate that it is not holding up .
 One star is one too many for this piece of jewelry , but I had no choice , as I had to enter a rating . Personally , I believe it deserves 0 stars . When I received the ring in the mail I was pleasantly surprised , as the setting was beautiful and the stone very clear . But after wearing it only a few short hours , the stone came loose , unbeknownst to me , and as I later discovered , fell out . It is not an expensive piece by any means , so I was not too put out over it , but if you are considering purchasing this item , I would suggest passing this one up .
 the stone fell out one day after owning this ring , it is very beautiful and i would have it set again , this time much better than was shipped , but i can not find the stone.oh i guess i wo n't be shopping here anymore
 You get what you pay for here . I think it is prettier on the computer than in person . My son 's girlfriend wore it two days and it started tarnishing . She was so happy with it when he first gave it to her , so I hate that it is not holding up .
 One star is one too many for this piece of jewelry , but I had no choice , as I had to enter a rating . Personally , I believe it deserves 0 stars . When I received the ring in the mail I was pleasantly surprised , as the setting was beautiful and the stone very clear . But after wearing it only a few short hours , the stone came loose , unbeknownst to me , and as I later discovered , fell out . It is not an expensive piece by any means , so I was not too put out over it , but if you are considering purchasing this item , I would suggest passing this one up .
 the stone fell out one day after owning this ring , it is very beautiful and i would have it set again , this time much better than was shipped , but i can not find the stone.oh i guess i wo n't be shopping here anymore
 You get what you pay for here . I think it is prettier on the computer than in person . My son 's girlfriend wore it two days and it started tarnishing . She was so happy with it when he first gave it to her , so I hate that it is not holding up .
 I waited almost a month to get the ring , then when I got it , the stones are very tiny , the ring is odd shaped , & is kind of cheap looking .
 I just got these in the mail the other day , and they looked stunning , so I was excited to try them out . There were two BIG problems though
 The part that you put through your earlobe was too tight so by the end of day my earlobe was sore .
 I waited almost a month to get the ring , then when I got it , the stones are very tiny , the ring is odd shaped , & is kind of cheap looking .
 I waited almost a month to get the ring , then when I got it , the stones are very tiny , the ring is odd shaped , & is kind of cheap looking .
 I waited almost a month to get the ring , then when I got it , the stones are very tiny , the ring is odd shaped , & is kind of cheap looking .
 this ring has also broken . i wore it three times , and the ruby gems broke off of the stem .
 I ordered this but received something else . Was not happy and will not order from here again .
 Do not waste your money on buying these bracelets because you 'll have to ship them right back . The beads were broken and beat up on a few of the bracelets . The bracelets were aso not tight meaning there was a ton of string and no beads to fill it up . I was shocked even for the price . Horrible quality and I ordered quite a few bracelets .
 I was disappointed with the size of the stone . This ring was a little nothing .
 I wore this on and off for about 2 years , then one day when I woke up , the tanzanite had fallen off . I looked but never been able to find it . One of the prongs was slightly bent . So even though it looked pretty , it 's very flimsy and definitely not worth it . I had to sell it along with a bunch of other gold .
 I purchased expecting something of a reasonable weight ... I was wrong . What I got was VERY thin and felt cheap . The lettering on mine was hardly readable because the background was tarnished -LRB- that I fixed with a polishing cloth -RRB- . Perhaps for the price I had higher epectations than I should have , but I was just not impressed .
 The ring is very different and I liked it until after a week it broke at the bottom of the band in the middle . I had worn it three times . Seems its bad quality and I guess it always goes back to you `` get what you pay for '' . Needlesss to say I will not be purchasing from silverspeck again .
 I waited almost a month to get the ring , then when I got it , the stones are very tiny , the ring is odd shaped , & is kind of cheap looking .
 I waited almost a month to get the ring , then when I got it , the stones are very tiny , the ring is odd shaped , & is kind of cheap looking .
 This is the second time I 've written this review as the first one was removed for some reason.The earrings did not have near the luster of the `` stock photo '' that is shown on Amazon . I have added two pictures of them to show you what they looked like . The pearls seems more like plastic beads or some sort of costume jewelry rather than something that would make you think `` pearl '' . Everything was `` cheap '' about the earrings from the actual price of them to the packaging of them.I know this review probably seems overly harsh given the price of the items , but I was severely disappointed in the purchase as I felt it was a complete waste of money . The only reason I did not give this one star is because the price being as low as it is I guess I should have known better .
 Ok I purchased this exact item , as you can see its a 22 inch , 5 mm figaro gold necklace ... . what i recieved was a 22 inch 4 mm necklace ! And I also thought it was odd that they would send a sucker as well with a $ 400 purchase ... . kind of funny ... . send a sucker to the sucker ... . If you do decide to work with this company , do not trust what they are giving you is actually what you are recieving ... check it out
 This ring is beautiful but it is NOT STERLING . It has to be silver plated and not very good plating at that . The plating wore off very quickly to reveal the base metal underneath .
 This delicate charm is dainty with small diamonds . However , within 2 weeks the last diamond on the row at the base of the crown fell out leaving a gaping hole . Then yesterday the charm `` snapped `` off its hinge making it unusable .
 Hey well i bought this for my girl and omg it 's broke in one day . It 's cute . But i think they skipped on the real hard metal . Actually I think that they just was like hey i 'm going to use foal for this one . So now i have two pieces and super glue . wish me luck ...
 In the picture the stone protrudes . it is just flat . Not real excited about that . And it 's tiny . I was expecting a little bigger .
 Well the ring in the picture looked alot bigger than it was , way bigger . So am returning it because it was a gift for my wife and she could bairly see the diamonds in the ring .
 This Ankh is definitely of poorer quality than expected . The anhk itself is lightweight , almost like it is plastic coated with silver or silver paint . It is molded , with a mold line around the middle . The `` 925 '' mark is on the clasp/bail and there is nothing on the anhk itself to indicate that anything other than the clasp/bail is silver ... . Not very impressed .
 I bought this product approximately two months ago . It 's been a great necklace , I have received many compliments . A decent piece of jewelry . A silver cleaner fixed the nasty discoloration I had all over it . Good as new.I 'd say 5 stars , but since it wo n't let me edit the stars , I can only tell you this should be a 5 star review.This is a decent and good looking piece of jewelry .
 Looks cool but its hallow and wears bad . Im afraid it will break easily . Wish it was a solid piece for the price .
 Ok I purchased a 22 inch , 5 mm figaro gold necklace ... . what i recieved was a 21 inch 4 mm necklace ! And I also thought it was funny that they would send a sucker as well with a $ 400 purchase ... . kind of funny ... . send a sucker to the sucker
 I was disappointed with the size of the stone . This ring was a little nothing .
 In the picture the stone protrudes . it is just flat . Not real excited about that . And it 's tiny . I was expecting a little bigger .
 This belly button ring was crooked , the butterfly was uneven . It is still wearable , but bothers me that it is not symmetric in shape . It was too inexpensive to ship back , so I guess you get what you pay for !
 I wore this on and off for about 2 years , then one day when I woke up , the tanzanite had fallen off . I looked but never been able to find it . One of the prongs was slightly bent . So even though it looked pretty , it 's very flimsy and definitely not worth it . I had to sell it along with a bunch of other gold .
 This piece of jewelry is NOT an Alabama piece -- it must belong to some college that has a P , as in Penn State maybe ... . I think this is just an honest mistake of whomever loaded the picture into Amazon ... it just needs to be moved to the correct college 's section ...
 One of the prongs broke after 2 days . I do n't know if it was just one bad ring out of a 1000 or if all the rings are low quality . Needless to say I am returning this item.The other issue is not with the maker of this product but with Amazon . They list this product as coming in a luxury wood box and it came in a cheap blue velvet box .
 I had these for maybe 4 months before the stone fell out of one of them . Of course , not being able to find the stone , I could not have them repaired .
 This bracelet is actually really nice , but too bad it is so cheaply made that mine broke in about 2 weeks . It 's easily fixed all I need is to get new end-clasps and attach them to the leather braid , but I was hoping for a better made product .
 I purchased the Sterling Silver and Braided Black Faux Leather Bracelet - 8 '' It came undone constantly with normal wear , and in less than a month the cheap fastener broke and I could not wear it anymore . End of story . Do n't waste your money .
 This necklace is incredibly cute ! When I received it , I immediately jotted something down and put it in the box . However , the lid will not stay closed when worn ! I have not been able to wear it again since the box hangs from the hinge on the lid , wide open .
 I bought this fairy bracelet because my niece loves Tinkerbell . I loved the fact that the fairy has a kind of stone on the wings . So I bought one of each , a fairy with red wings , green , blue , well you get the idea . I regret buying them because the actual bracelet feels and looks like stainless steel instead of having a silver look . It reminds me of something that you can buy at a hardware store . Do yourself a favor and pass this one up . Bottom line - cute concept but poorly made .
 I bought this for my sister-in - law because she loves fairies . When I got it I thought for the price that it was really cute . She had it on for 10 minutes and the fairy broke off of the bracelet . It was very poorly made and I was very unhappy with it .
 Its a very pretty ring but within days of receiving it the coating wore off it to show the brass underneath . . Not happy at all ! Rated 2 stars because it is very pretty
 Look , highly impure titanium should be as hard or harder than glass . Commercial grade titanium should be slightly below diamond hardness . The hardness of this grade of titanium is that of about mild steel . I do n't know what they mixed this titanium with , but it scratches very easily . I wanted a ring that would be hard and resist scratching . This thing scratches MUCH easier than my 18k white gold wedding ring . How this could possibly be actual titanium , I do n't know . Frankly , for the price I paid , its not worth the hassle of sending it back , but I would recommend not buying this ring . I consider the cost of this ring a learning experience for me . Do n't trust something just because it says `` Titanium '' on it . Find out what the hardness of the ring is before you buy it.The hardness of metals surfaces in the arbitrary MOHS scale -LRB- 1 = hardness of Talc surface ; 10 = hardness of Diamond surface -RRB- are , in increasing order
 It 's a nice ring but its very dull looking I wanted a ring that looked like it was white gold but it will do for now
 this bracelet came broken and i did n't have enough time to buy another one , it was packed very poorly , if it was n't broken it would have been very pretty , it is quite a bit darker than the picture shows
 This was an attractive pin and lived up to its description , except how small it was . Yes , it is my fault I did not pay closer attention to the size of the pin , but be aware it is tiny . Maybe the size of a quarter . This small size will not work for my intended use so needless to say I am returning it .
 Earrings are pretty , but look cheap and very flimsy . I know they are supposed to be delicate , but they are not what they appear to be from the picture .
 I received this as a gift after adding it to my Wish List . What arrived looked NOTHING like what 's pictured . Rather than gently curving on the cuff and seeming to glow from within , the thing actually looked like someone sawed a piece of amber-colored plastic pipe and stuck it in a box -LRB- without ever sanding the cut ends , I might add . -RRB- In fact , had it not arrived IN an Amazon box I would 've thought that 's exactly what had happened!The only use I 've found for it -- since I 'm certainly not going to wear such a poorly made item -- is to keep a set of washcloths neatly rolled . Otherwise , it 's junk .
 Well the ring in the picture looked alot bigger than it was , way bigger . So am returning it because it was a gift for my wife and she could bairly see the diamonds in the ring .
 I got this for my wife and it broke within 15 minutes of her wearing it .
 Originally , this bracelet looked nothing like the photo . It 's actually 12 small silver hearts linked together , very cheap and childish looking . Also , it weighs only 10 grams , not 17 as advertised . After several months , they 've updated the photo but not the weight .
 They looked better in the picture . I would n't buy anything from these guys again as I ca n't tell from the picture what it looks like .
 This ring had such great ratings , after visiting it often , I finally bought it as a gift . When I saw it in person , I was not impressed . It does look like the picture , but it also looks cheap . I do realize it costs cheap , I just was n't impressed . It did arrive VERY quickly though .
 Silver on bottom of ring paper thin and came with marks on it . Very poor quality the top of ring was nice .
 Picture shows product as pure white , but there are yellow beads mixed in there . Still pretty , but I had to return it since yellow beads do n't typically go with white wedding gowns .
 like the neckelace except for the chain on another chain it would look nice , but the chain is to weak and looks cheap
 Had to return these because they are too tiny . basically 1/4 ct TOTAL weight means both earrings together . Not bad for a 2 year old girl , a nose ring or extra ear rings but not really practical for regular ear rings .
 some of the beads are covered with this strange burlap material that is very ugly ! The rest of the necklace is pretty . .
 Yes , the ring has a nice sparkling effect to it , but the quality is beyond poor ! It resembles one of those rings that you 'd purchase from one of those machines ... hands down !
 The necklace was too long and the beading around the pendant was crooked .
 I ordered this on a whim and was very disappointed when it arrived . It 's very cheap-looking and the clasp broke the first time I put the necklace on . I tried fixing the clasp , and then the chain broke.Don ' t waste your money . It 's a piece of junk .
 wonderful up until the diamond . . probably the most impure diamond ive seen in my life.was embarrased to give to loved one
 it 's my first return , but it went bad . No refund after 40 days . The topaz is light blue , not deep blue , very disappointed .
 They looked breathtaking , however , the earings turned my ears black !
 I did n't see anything on the product that gave the dimensions as being so huge . I was expecting a cute little choker and got a monstrosity of a thing that I 'd never wear . The medallion is the size of my palm!Because the necklace was so cheap , however , it was n't worth it to send it back . I simply removed the medallion and wear the multistrand part of the necklace.Just be warned that there is nothing cute or little about this necklace !
 This ring looks much better in the photographs than in person . Colors are dull and dirty and in less than 2 months the majority of the sliver had worn off leaving a dull and dingy band . The only decent thing I can say is that it arrived promptly .
 I should have read these reviews before actually purchasing this to clean my jewelry . First , the water did n't do anything . I bought a cleaning solution . Second , the 3 minute cycle was n't long enough to clean out the gunk between my diamond and setting . I ran the cycle 5 times -LRB- for a total of 15 minutes -RRB- . Only then did my jewelry come sparkling clean . Third , you have to change the cleaning solution often ... which makes me wonder if it 's really the solution that 's doing the cleaning and not the ultrasonic . Fourth , as I was cleaning out the basin , I guess some water seeped inside through the cracks on the side -LRB- the outter shell is like 3 pieces of * CHEAP * plastic put together -RRB- . Well , guess what ? It stopped working . I know it 's my fault but c'mon , this is ridiculous . Those reviews about the flimsy build ... totally correct . Oh well , it was great while it lasted . I 'm off to by the Sharper Image ultrasonic when I 'm down in the States .
 This product worked extremely well -- that is , while it was working . After 3 months it stopped turning on when you pressed the button.That being said , it did a wonderful job cleaning channel set baguette and round stones . It really removed the grime between and left the wedding band and engagement rings sparkling like new . My husband also used to clean his glasses in it , and it also worked well on my water resistant stainless watch with diamond accents . The capacity on this cleaner is a plus.I was truly disappointed that the machine ceased working , but this time around will probably try another product with a higher average rating than this one .
 I bought this item a few years ago and then it just stopped working . First it would n't shut off , then it stopped all together . I would not recommend this item .
 Haier HU335W Ultrasonic Cleaner cleans gold really great . It does n't do much of anything for silver which really disappointed me because I have lots of silver that is really tarnished . I ran the silver through numerous times with a few drops of detergent , as recommended . It remained tarnished . Gold , on the other hand , looks like it just came from the jewelry store . Not so sure its worth the money . Try another manufacturer .
 I have noticed that in many cases , Amazon has failed to include the voltage used by electrical appliances . There are some cases where the voltage was stated , but no mention was made whether it can be switched to another voltage.In this particular case , I could n't decide whether to buy it because I can not take the risk that it can be used in my country.Voltage should be made a standard information for all electrical products on offer .
 Quit working 2nd time turned on . Not only would not turn on , but rattled inside when shaken . BUY ANOTHER BRAND . Plus they charge for shipping when returning for warranty repairs .
 I purchased the Haier HU335W Ultrasonic Cleaner and it stopped working after the first day . Until then , I was happy with the results , as I cleaned almost all of my jewelry . I followed the instructions to the letter , including unplugging the unit after each use and changing the water each time . Then , it just stopped working . I took it back and now I 'm searching for another ultrasonic cleaner with better reviews .
 This is an inexpensive , good looking , and efficient enough cleaner , but may have very limited life due to faulty components . I 've purchased three of these , and know now it was a poor investment . The first stopped working after 5 months , and thinking it just bad luck , bought two more ; one , I gave as a gift and reportedly is still working , but the second stopped working for me after almost a year of regular use . It works well , but you 'll take your chances with this unit .
 I bought this knowing that there are very few home ultrasonic cleaners that can do the job that manufacturers describe they can do . I was right . This one failed to vibrate any dust or residue off from my dirty KEYS , let alone rings and necklaces . The power is just too weak . I have used an industrial-powered ultrasonic cleaner on anything from watches to rings to eyeglasses , and the effect is amazing ! After a couple of items the entire pool of water became muddied . When I used this ultrasonic cleaner on a handful of jewelry , the water remained pristine.My advice is unless you 're willing to shell out $ 500 for a real ultrasonic cleaner , you 're better off just going to the jeweler to get your jewelry cleaned .
 First the cover to the on/off buttons fell off . I did n't mind because it still worked -LRB- left button = on , right = off -RRB- . Then the bottom came loose from the rest of it . It still worked , so I still did n't mind . I just held it carefully from the bottom . Finally , the bottom fell all the way off , wires appeared -LRB- one of them was severed -RRB- , and an important looking piece broke off and sprang forth from its innards . Now it 's in the trash . . P.S. . These things happened during normal and non-traumatic use . All I have done is press buttons on it and take it back and forth from the cabinet.Edited 10/20/06I bought another one of these hoping I 'd just had a lemon . Nope . Second unit is in the trash . This time the plastic covering of the screws popped off so I had to hold the top in place while opening and closing it . Then it stopped working altogether .
 I purchased this item approximately 7 months ago . Initially it did a credible job , especially when used with a soapy water solution . However after 7 months the cleaner no longer works - there is no warranty with the manufacturer so this gadget is in the trash .
 Dandy build quality . More than I expected for ~ $ 40 . But I might have well been soaking things in a glass of water . I 've had cleaners before that actually worked . This made noise and nothing more . The instructions say to use water . That would n't work even if this thing did . So I added untrasonic cleaning liquid and tried it again . Still nothing . Off to Sharper Image for the ~ $ 80 one I guess .
 My wife had to have this gadget , so I ordered it from Amazon . She used it a couple of times before giving up on it as a lost cause . Now it sits in the bottom of her bathroom vanity cabinet . Interestingly other folks say it works great for softening gunk before they scrubbed the gunk off with a toothbrush . I think this is the result of soaking , not this device 's cleaning abilities . Pass on this , and buy a cheap electric toothbrush instead .
 Unfortunately a waste of money . Did n't really clean the pieces that needed to be cleaned . Just shined up the ones that were already cleaned . Polish cloths worked 100 % better .
 After hearing how Russian Doctors use sound to clean their hands before surgery , and how som Counterfiters used sonic dental cleaning devices to remove the ink from one dollar bills , I was looking forward to sonic cleaning machines for the home.This one did n't clean my dentures at all . When I tried my eye glasses , they would n't even fit completely in the tray . It did n't clean them either . I tried my Silver Medalion , and Bronze Challenge Coin . They looked the same coming out as they did going in.Using Sound to clean things is a great idea , it 's a shame this product does n't do the job .
 I 'm wearing plastic InvisAlign `` aligners '' on my teeth -LRB- adult orthodontics -RRB- and was using this -LRB- so called -RRB- ultrasonic `` cleaner '' on them . First off , it has a timer that keeps the `` cleaner '' on for about three minutes . I quickly learned that three minutes was never getting the job done . So I developed a routine of hitting the button every time I passed for about a half hour each evening . Even this was n't doing a complete job and I ended up scrubbing them with a toothbrush every few days . Thankfully this `` cleaner '' just stopped working one day -LRB- bought is in March -- died in October -- 7 month lifespan -RRB- . Now I 'll try getting one that actually does its job .
 I purchased the HU335W Ultrasonic Cleaner to use with my hobbies and expected it to make small part cleaning easier . The primary use was to be cleaning knobs and other parts from antique radio equipment . After several cleaning cycles , I still had to clean the knobs manually with a toothbrush . I also tried to use it to clean my razor with similar results . I tried to clean coins with no noticable results . The `` buzzing '' sound it makes when running makes me think it is not really running at ultrasonic speeds . It seems to be well made and is an attractive design that is reasonably priced . It did a reasonable job of cleaning my toothbrush . I would reccommend buying a more expensive unit and leaving this one on the shelf .
 I bought this item from Jeweler 's Supermarket because I wanted to get the Haier HU335W . What arrived was an Optima 3501 . I never would have purchased from Jeweler 's Supermarket had I known that they would not send me the item as described . I do own a Haier HU335W and really like it , but did not want to give an item as a gift that I had not ever tried before !
 It really did not clean my silvers well . In fact , they were still very much stained even after a few more trials .
 I purchased this product without reading the reviews and was very disappointed with the results . I bought it primarily to clean a diamond ring that has hard to access places . It cleaned the easily accessible places as well as a brush but it failed to clean the hard to reach places . I also used it to try to clean my retainers with dismal results . The directions said to add dishwasher detergent to clean tough spots . I tried that as well to no avail . I guess I should have tried the jewelry cleaner before I returned it . With plain water or detergent it was worthless .
 Ordered this at my wife 's request . She 's tried cleaning silver earrings -- run multiple cycles -- added detergent as suggested . It just does n't clean . An old toothbrush and toothpaste works much better . A very disappointing piece of junk .
 Originally , I was happy with the product . However , it does not work anymore after a few uses , and it has passed the 90 day warranty time . I contacted the customer service line in their user manual . I am very disappointed at their poor customer service . The lady refused to give me any information where to fix it . Do n't buy this product unless you are ready to throw it away and buy a new one if it is broken and passed the warranty time .
 I purchased this item on 4/25 received it on 4/48 . . it worked fine then suddenly decided to stop working on 10/2 . Tried to contact the company and the response I got was sorry it is over 90 days old ... we ca n't help you ... I realize this is not one of the most expensive ultrasonic cleaners made , but I only use is about once a week . . I would expect it to work for more than 5 months .
 It 's not a bad item but does n't really work like described . Several cycles are needed in order to clean an item and some additional brushing might be required . It 's just OK .
 It does an OK job of cleaning , but the power button stops working after a while -LRB- used once a day for a few months -RRB- . I bought another because they were cheap -LRB- on sale at harbor freight -RRB- . The 2nd one just died even faster than the first.It 's just the power button . The mechanics are fine .
 I purchased this product to clean my Invisilign retainers . It did an okay job for almost a year but then it died on me . This equipment might be a good idea for occasional use but not everyday . Reliability is not there yet ! .
 This necklace is not worth the time or money . I lifted the necklace out of the box and the chain broke immediately . It is hard to appreciate a necklace if you never get to wear it . I wanted to give it no stars but you have to click a star to write a review .
 I guess you get what you pay for . The diamonds were discolored , some looked gray - almost black and if that was not bad enough some were severely scratched . I would have returned it but not worth the hassle . I gave it two stars because from FAR it actually looks OK but upon close examination you notice all the flaws .
 These are pretty earrings but I also feel the picture is misleading . I appreciate the picture posted by Starsage
 I got this when i found out I was pregnant 6 month after having my belly button pierced and I did n't want any chance of it closing up . It is too long and the balls on the end just fell off . It was just odd to wear . Ended up just getting a normal belly button ring that was a bit longer and took it out for delivery and but it back in afterwards and worked much better than this product .
 Looking back , I would n't purchase this item ... both of the pieces are plastic and the little black ends fell off constantly . Not worth the hassle .
 I also owned 2 other pendants from Amazon.com , 14k white gold diamond key to my heart and 14k white gold diamond wishbone , both have small -LRB- total of .12 carats -RRB- and quality G-H color diamonds . Compared to those two pendants , this charm 's diamonds are poor in quality -- chipped and dull.I returned it almost immediately .
 I never received this item . They say the USPS left a note and held it at the post office , but I can not find the package . VERY bad . DO NOT BUY FROM THIS VENDOR .
 please send me an RMA number so that i can send this product back . The size of the product was extremely small compared to that shown online . I have bought another item similar to this but at macy 's . I would like to send this product back as soon as possible . thank you !
 I bought these for my girlfriend and within a week of her wearing it twice the `` silver '' started flaking off the earrings . This is probably the worst quality earrings on amazon . You can get much better quality for lesser price . I am quite disappointed .
 Metal part of earrings on back hollow . Overall quality inferior to that which I assumed . Should have assumed poor quality since were only $ 40 . May yet return , purchased as a gift .
 These earrings were a complete disappointment , they came in tarnished and looked like they came out of a $ .25 candy machine . Stay away from this jewelery , unless you want to really piss off your significant other . Seriously , the items look NOTHING like the pictures and if I had to bet , are probably knock-offs of the ones pictured here on Amazon . Thankfully Amazon has a great return policy , but if I were you , just buy something else .
 The image of the product is far better that the product itself ... I know this is a cheap earring , but you can get fooled by the picture ... The real thing seems like made of plastic , and the stone is not nicely cutted , and protudes a lot from the earring body -LRB- this is why there 's no pictures from another perspective of the earrings -RRB- . My advice , dont waste your money on this .
 Was planning to give this to my wife as part of an anniversary gift . However , the silver was tarnished making it look really cheap . Planning to return this and am now empty handed for an anniversary gift : -LRB-
 As a long time , satisfied customer of Amazon.com I was shocked when I received these earrings purchased for my wife . The quality was very poor . The silver was badly tarnished and the stones were so pale in color they did not appear to be blue topaz as advertised . I hope for a full refund as I am not at all comfortable with the supplier of this item to Amazon.comWayne Snow
 This product was anything like I spected . It was not silver , it was stained , and the stones were lighter than the image . I asked for a refund .
 This product looks great , and when you open it , it seems great . But it is n't at all . I should have listened to everyone else . The ends where the balls screwed on were so mis-shapen and sharp , that it cut my belly ring hole when I tried to put it in . I tried cutting it , but that did n't do anything either . Now I have to wait for it to heal . Do not waste your money .
 I loved having my belly button pierced before I was pregnant , and while I was pregnant , I kept my belly button ring in . When it started getting uncomfortable for me , I bought this ring . The balls fell off a lot and it was a little bit too long . In the end , I never put my belly button ring back in , so I should have just taken it out all together while I was pregnant .
 This item took three weeks to get to me , it was missing the extra balls , and it gave me an infection.I personally did n't like it and thought that it was cheap .
 the ring changed colors real fast it was gold at first then whent to a rose color and the stone was lose ya need to give me my money back for this item
 The ring is fake . I have n't even had this for half a year , and the `` gold '' has faded on the sides . Oh , and it does n't even look real .
 It looked pretty in the picture but when I received it it is very cheap looking . I am ashamed to wear it . I 'm going to give it to my granddaughter to play with .
 It looked pretty in the picture but when I received it it is very cheap looking . I am ashamed to wear it . I 'm going to give it to my granddaughter to play with .
 the ring changed colors real fast it was gold at first then whent to a rose color and the stone was lose ya need to give me my money back for this item
 The ring is fake . I have n't even had this for half a year , and the `` gold '' has faded on the sides . Oh , and it does n't even look real .
 I bought these cloths based on the customer reviews and truly wished to use them to clean some silver jewellery and a repouss&eacute; silver teapot . I found the cloths extremely stiff , and in fact abandoned cleaning a chain necklace as the cloth did not soften and I was afraid the necklace would break . I then used the cloth to clean a very tarnished repouss&eacute; tea pot and it did get the pot pretty clean , but the effort to work that cloth because it was stiff -LRB- until it turned black from removing the tarnish -RRB- , was just way too much elbow grease for me . I actually had to perch myself above the teapot and use pretty strong movements to mould the cloth around the curves of the pot . I think the principle of a cloth cleaner is a lot simpler than liquid polish , but this cloth was just unmalleable for cleaning silver jewelery and needed too much stregth to clean the teapot . Perhaps the cloths were faulty . I have seen a friend who is a jeweler use a smaller cloth . I will have to investigate about other brand options . After the rave reviews , I was truly disappointed with this product .
 When I received the earrings , I loved them . Wore them once and kept falling off . Wrote to customer service about the problem - that one earring would not shut properly and never received a reply . I would not order from this company again due to their customer service .
 I would not recommend this ring . The very first time I wore it out one of the stones fell out . Very disappointing .
 These earrings are beautiful in the box . But on the ears , they are uncomfortable to wear and are very pokey . The gold is also rather thin so sometimes the cross would bend and be even more uncomfortable to wear . I do not recommend this design unless you would like to be poked .
 This necklace is not what you may expect , after going to some Swarovski stores you can tell it has `` other '' quality , maybe crystals come from Swarovski but the necklace is not similar to original ones , maybe it is a good gift for the price , but be sure what you want before order it .
 there were some complaints . first , it took some time for it to be shipped out -LRB- 4 days -RRB- . i had it shipped expedited 2-3days and it took 6 days to get to my house . second , its cheaper on the website -LRB- 10 % off -RRB- . third , three of the diamonds were really dull and under size compared to the other ones . the necklace was n't as sparkling as the photo showed .
 The ring is nothing like the picture . Too light , not as smooth , not as beautiful .
 This bead is cute but the silver coloring came off around the stones almost immediately . I have only had for 4 days .
 This locket , although beautiful is for a child . It is very small and dainty . You ca n't see it in the picture , but there is a cross from top to bottom and side to side . It is a shame that you ca n't see it and get a real idea of what you are buying . As I do not give religious gifts to anybody , and certainly would not wear one myself , I had to return the locket . If you know a child that you would like to give a gift for maybe a confirmation , or even a birthday , this is a beautiful locket .
 jewelrytv dot com sells it for half this price . By the way , it 's not a true princess cut . It does n't have the 68 facets . It is just a square with a big X in the middle . Very fake .
 I was shocked when the star earrings came because they were so small that I could n't even get them on my ears ! In fact , I threw them away because I knew I would NEVER be able to wear them .
 This ring was tarnished within two weeks of my husband wearing it . Where it was once silver it is now brown .
 This is a review of the product only - all interactions with the retail company were fantastic . I bought this ring based on the picture and reviews - however the reality was much different . The ring is extremely lightweight - and as a man , I prefer my jewelry with a solid , substantial feel . The detail on the chain was quite poor and at times individual links were melted into the other . The black contrast is not as significant or shiny as the picture conveys , and as a result of the chain being free to rotate , the ring makes a slight `` tinkling '' sound as your hand is moved . Return was accomplished quite easily using the original packaging and $ 2 for S&H and the credit was applied within 3 business days of receipt confirmation .
 cheap quality . . I do n't recommend it . The spinning section wiggles and you grow tired of it , about 2 minutes after wearing it
 I loved this piece until the clover face came unglued . Now it 's a locket with a bunch of glue on the face . Sigh .
 My father bought this for my daughter for a Yule gift . It was lovely , and she could n't wait to wear it . Unfortunately , when she tried to open it the four leaf clover part popped off . The part went missing , and now we have a blank locket with a glue spot.If it had stayed together I would have given it a four to 5 star rating . It is a very cute piece that is perfect for a young lady .
 a friend of mine gave one of these to me randomly after a road trip . to be quite honest , I thought it was a gas station souvenir , because it was so cheaply made , but I loved it ! it 's tiny , delicate and adorable ... and sitting in my car in a cup holder since the chain broke after wearing it for 2 days .
 I thought it was so pretty and charming right up to when the clover fell of and was never seen again . It lasted maybe a month . 2 stars because it is pretty .
 i had bought the heart shaped version from the store , after a while the acrylic that held the clover onto the metal , turned yellow and fell off . i as actually quite sad , i loved it , but also in the stores it is cheaper than here ...
 not worth the money spent , cheap chain , will be removing and replacing it with a more attractive and sturdier chain
 I bought this necklace as a gift for my sister . The chain is very thin and it broke the first day she wore it . The pendant is nice but hardly serves its purpose without a necklace from which to hang .
 I had this item on my wish list and was very excited when someone purchased it for me , however after wearing it for a few short hours I found that this was not something to be happy about . I am very sensitive to metals but since this was sterling silver I thought that it would be ok , however I broke out in a really awful rash and now have a necklace that I can no longer wear . So basically BUYER BEWARE ! Do n't make the mistake I made and end up like me !
 While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight , I 've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition . Nothing I 've done in the few days it 's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks -LRB- stay-at-home mom -RRB- .
 I ORDERED MY HUSBAND THIS RING FOR OUR WEDDING ANNIVERSARY HE IS N'T PLEASED WITH THE RING AT ALL HE SAYS IT IS VERY UNCOMFORTABLE AND WANT WEAR IT IF I COULD I WOULD DEFINETLY GET A REFUND.THANK YOU
 I ORDERED MY HUSBAND THIS RING FOR OUR WEDDING ANNIVERSARY HE IS N'T PLEASED WITH THE RING AT ALL HE SAYS IT IS VERY UNCOMFORTABLE AND WANT WEAR IT IF I COULD I WOULD DEFINETLY GET A REFUND.THANK YOU
 While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight , I 've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition . Nothing I 've done in the few days it 's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks -LRB- stay-at-home mom -RRB- .
 I got these for my wife . They earrings are beautiful , especially for the price , but they pinch like crazy , really HURTING her ears . Unfortunately , there are no insturctions on how to adjust them , so I did my best , got it too loose , and she lost one !
 While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight , I 've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition . Nothing I 've done in the few days it 's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks -LRB- stay-at-home mom -RRB- .
 I ORDERED MY HUSBAND THIS RING FOR OUR WEDDING ANNIVERSARY HE IS N'T PLEASED WITH THE RING AT ALL HE SAYS IT IS VERY UNCOMFORTABLE AND WANT WEAR IT IF I COULD I WOULD DEFINETLY GET A REFUND.THANK YOU
 I ORDERED MY HUSBAND THIS RING FOR OUR WEDDING ANNIVERSARY HE IS N'T PLEASED WITH THE RING AT ALL HE SAYS IT IS VERY UNCOMFORTABLE AND WANT WEAR IT IF I COULD I WOULD DEFINETLY GET A REFUND.THANK YOU
 While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight , I 've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition . Nothing I 've done in the few days it 's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks -LRB- stay-at-home mom -RRB- .
 While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight , I 've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition . Nothing I 've done in the few days it 's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks -LRB- stay-at-home mom -RRB- .
 I ORDERED MY HUSBAND THIS RING FOR OUR WEDDING ANNIVERSARY HE IS N'T PLEASED WITH THE RING AT ALL HE SAYS IT IS VERY UNCOMFORTABLE AND WANT WEAR IT IF I COULD I WOULD DEFINETLY GET A REFUND.THANK YOU
 I had this maybe two weeks before it broke . Junk . Thin week bands make for bad puzzle pieces . This thing will not stand up to daily wear for long .
 I ordered this ring for my daughter . It arrived severely tarnished . Because it was an inexpensive ring it did n't make sense to pay for shipping to send it back . We took the ring apart and used some silver polish on it . The tarnish came off but but so did silver coating also the ring is impossible to put back together . The instructions are n't for this ring in particular and are n't very clear . Not to mention how flimsy the metal is . Not a good buy .
 I ordered this ring and wore it a few times and it got all tarnished ! So it is not Stainless Steel , and it wasnt worth sending it back ! dont waste your money !!!
 I bought this ring for my girlfriend and 2 months later it completely fell apart . The bands on the ring actually broke apart and piece by piece the ring crumbled . Poor quality , I am not sure if it relates the thin bands that construct the puzzle ring , or the fragile nature of the metal . I wish I had my 25 bucks back .
 Well atleast the package came quickly , cause the ring is horrible . I took it apart to see if I could put it back together , and what do I see , but the entire inside of the ring is tarnished . I used jewelery polish , and still could n't get the ring to a silver look . Oh , and one of the bands snapped when I tried to put it back together for the first time . I contacted the seller , and am trying to get a refund . Hopefully their service is better than their products .
 I bought this ring for my fiance , since i have one , and it 's a terrible ring . We got it apart , and then ... have not been able to get it back together , it 's been over a month now , we went online to get the directions , that did n't help either . Plus , the ring is so cheap , it warmed up with the effort from our hands and bent out of shape . It is cheap and completely useless .
 Someone , please help me !! I have tried all the online help videos and guides and such , and I still can not figure out how to put this blasted ring together again ! PLEASE HELP !
 I wish I had given more credibility to the negative reviews . Frankly , I do n't understand how there ecould be so many positive reviews . It 's an ok chain - if you want to wear it by itself . But it 's not good for pendants , as advertised . It remains perfectly stiff and oval shaped when worn - even a large pendant does n't pull the chain down as a pendant normally does . I 'm returning it .
 This necklace is like a strong circle of silver . there was almostno bend to it at all and it was not fluid .
 This is NOT a chain necklace . If you buy this product you will get an 18 '' long , 1.26 mm diameter tube with tiny notches along its surface . The `` strong lobster clasp '' looks like it 's made of cheap plastic .
 While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight , I 've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition . Nothing I 've done in the few days it 's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks -LRB- stay-at-home mom -RRB- .
 While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight , I 've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition . Nothing I 've done in the few days it 's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks -LRB- stay-at-home mom -RRB- .
 the detail is not as vivid as in the picture It kinda of looks washed out and a little disappointed . .
 I ORDERED MY HUSBAND THIS RING FOR OUR WEDDING ANNIVERSARY HE IS N'T PLEASED WITH THE RING AT ALL HE SAYS IT IS VERY UNCOMFORTABLE AND WANT WEAR IT IF I COULD I WOULD DEFINETLY GET A REFUND.THANK YOU
 While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight , I 've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition . Nothing I 've done in the few days it 's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks -LRB- stay-at-home mom -RRB- .
 This is a review of the product only - all interactions with the retail company were fantastic . I bought this ring based on the picture and reviews - however the reality was much different . The ring is extremely lightweight - and as a man , I prefer my jewelry with a solid , substantial feel . The detail on the chain was quite poor and at times individual links were melted into the other . The black contrast is not as significant or shiny as the picture conveys , and as a result of the chain being free to rotate , the ring makes a slight `` tinkling '' sound as your hand is moved . Return was accomplished quite easily using the original packaging and $ 2 for S&H and the credit was applied within 3 business days of receipt confirmation .
 cheap quality . . I do n't recommend it . The spinning section wiggles and you grow tired of it , about 2 minutes after wearing it
 This is a review of the product only - all interactions with the retail company were fantastic . I bought this ring based on the picture and reviews - however the reality was much different . The ring is extremely lightweight - and as a man , I prefer my jewelry with a solid , substantial feel . The detail on the chain was quite poor and at times individual links were melted into the other . The black contrast is not as significant or shiny as the picture conveys , and as a result of the chain being free to rotate , the ring makes a slight `` tinkling '' sound as your hand is moved . Return was accomplished quite easily using the original packaging and $ 2 for S&H and the credit was applied within 3 business days of receipt confirmation .
 cheap quality . . I do n't recommend it . The spinning section wiggles and you grow tired of it , about 2 minutes after wearing it
 the product looks great in the pic , but actually it is toooo small and the material looks cheap and you can bend it with your 2 fingers .
 this box is beautiful , but it came broken . the spiing ballerina and music never worked . i made the company aware , and they said they were out of stock . that was a bummer because i wanted to give to my niece for easter . now i have a box .
 Slightly disappointed in jewely box , I know I did n't pay alot for it , but I did read reviews before I purchased and they were pretty good , so I went ahead and purchased it . On receiving it , I feel it is not a good as I thought it would be , it is basically cardboard covered in pink foil with ballerinas on it , the ballerina inside is so-so , her face is a little askew , the music quality is good . I would recommend a different one .
 First , my daughter loved this item , but the build quality left much to be desired . If it were n't for the fact that she pleaded with me not to replace it , I would have sent this back to get a new one . Quality control is lacking - there was a defect in the finish -LRB- small piece of applique stuck to the front that I ca n't pull off/remove -RRB- and the top clasp came off -LRB- pressed into the lid with ` teeth ' -RRB- after a few days .
 I got this as a Christmas present for my niece . When I received it in the mail . I opened up the package and the whole topjust came off . It is the worst , cheapest looking jewerly box I have ever brought and I am sure to never buy from this seller again !!!
 Simply put , this jewelry box is so cheaply made it 's not even worth the low price . It 's too bad , because the paper overlay is one of the prettiest I 've seen out there , but I would caution anyone considering this to look elsewhere . I gave it to my 4 year old for her birthday and the ballerina broke within days . Also after a week or so of opening and closing the hinges on the back came loose and eventually disengaged from the box . Very disappointing .
 I couldnt wait to get the nose bone . But it kept falling out ! I would awake and find it on the pillow next to me . also it was n't long enuf . I lost it inside of two weeks . I bought a cheap silver set of them for 12.00 . They went all the way through and I havent had any trouble with losing them . I will not buy a nose bone from Amazon again and it 's a shame because I always get stuff from Amazon ! I am SO sorry I spent $ 60.00 on it
 My children PLACE THIS ORDER FOR JEWELRY ARMOIRE MOTHER 'S DAY AND AS OF MAY 17 HAVE NOT RECEIVE ITEM . I CALL THE EVERY DAY AND THEY GIVING ME THE RUN A ROUND . ICoaster Jewelry Armoire , Ivory Finish Wood with Hand Painted Roses FloralAM VERY DISPOINTED WITH THIS SELLER.WILL NOT ORDER ANY THING FROM THEM AGAIN .
 I purchased this armoire based on the positive comments from other buyers . I was very disappointed at the very cheap quality of the drawers . When you pull them out far enough to have a glimse of the items in the back compartments , the drawer just falls out . If you ever want to see items stored towards the back of the drawers you will have to pull the drawer out entirely . Very cheap workmanship . Not worth it . If you are a prospective buyer , I 'd go for one of the more expensive and durable models .
 I purchased this for my granddaughter for Christmas . It looked so pretty . The first one arrived and the lid was broken in half , so I sent it back . Unfortunately I did n't unpack and really look at the first one -LRB- I would not have reordered -RRB- . the second one was unbroken . The paint job on these is marginal at best . The drawers all were very rough to pull out . Grandpa spent several hours sanding and applying plastic runners on drawers so they pulled smoothly . I do not feel it is of very good quality . My granddaughter is only ten and it will be OK for her &#34; little girl &#34; jewelry , but I am very disappointed . Do not expect much !
 This looks nice in the picture , but it is terribly small and flimsy ! It is awfully cheap -- I 'm afraid it will bend if I touch it too hard ! Suitable for a baby 's bracelet only !
 While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight , I 've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition . Nothing I 've done in the few days it 's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks -LRB- stay-at-home mom -RRB- .
 I purchased the pendant to replace one that I lost a few weeks ago , but was very disappointed after receiving it and finding out that it was only about one-half inch in size . The pendant that I sought to replace was at least one inch and fit perfectly on my gold chain . Aside from the size , it is a very nice piece of jewelry .
 While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight , I 've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition . Nothing I 've done in the few days it 's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks -LRB- stay-at-home mom -RRB- .
 While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight , I 've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition . Nothing I 've done in the few days it 's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks -LRB- stay-at-home mom -RRB- .
 i expect like regular size of ring , but this one look like a ring for toy or something funy , the MM of our rings is 5MM and this ring may be is 1MMso ridiculousMartin1/5 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold
 While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight , I 've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition . Nothing I 've done in the few days it 's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks -LRB- stay-at-home mom -RRB- .
 While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight , I 've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition . Nothing I 've done in the few days it 's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks -LRB- stay-at-home mom -RRB- .
 When I received this ring , it appeared to be very lightweight and cheap . Within two weeks one of the side stones fell out . I guess you get what you pay for .
 While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight , I 've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition . Nothing I 've done in the few days it 's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks -LRB- stay-at-home mom -RRB- .
 I purchased this bracelet based on previous reviews . Yes , it is a nice bracelet ; however , it is just barely 7 &#34; from end to end and not 7 &#34; for just the chain . After adding charms it wo n't fit my daughter 's wrists and yet she has a very small wrist . Now I 'm stuck with a $ $ piece of jewelry that ca n't be used .
 I was really excited when I got the item but it was shorter than the listed length . After three days of wearing it a got a bumb on the bottom . I believe it was because the jewelry was cheap .
 The color looked alot different from the picture . It only glowed for a minute , if that and it just was n't very cute .
 I bought this for my 20 year old daughter . The balls wo n't stay on the ends , she is constantly losing them . It does glow in the dark , though very dimly . She is not very happy with it .
 Ive noticed in the other reviews people commenting on how it looks and yes , it is beautiful in person . However , the bar is too long so it does not fit correctly . The top jewel will not lay flat against the skin because the bar is too long and it allows the top jewel to stick out . Idk , very pretty but not wearable . So it 's useless
 It was really pretty when I got it , but a little misshaped . I managed to manipulate it back into it 's original design and put it in . However , within 48 hours of wearing it , the top diamond fell out . I then tried to remove it upon noticing what had happened and would n't you know it , the thing snapped off leaving the back rod part stuck in my navel ! I had to maneuver it out awkwardly . Save your money .
 While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight , I 've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition . Nothing I 've done in the few days it 's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks -LRB- stay-at-home mom -RRB- .
 i expect like regular size of ring , but this one look like a ring for toy or something funy , the MM of our rings is 5MM and this ring may be is 1MMso ridiculousMartin1/5 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold
 i expect like regular size of ring , but this one look like a ring for toy or something funy , the MM of our rings is 5MM and this ring may be is 1MMso ridiculousMartin1/5 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold
 This was a very pretty charm until the antiqueing wore off . Now it 's a ulgy charm ... Not for everyday wear .
 The metal portions of the earrings are a very cheap-looking yellow , not at all like the photograph . I bought them for a present , and had to buy something else .
 i expect like regular size of ring , but this one look like a ring for toy or something funy , the MM of our rings is 5MM and this ring may be is 1MMso ridiculousMartin1/5 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold
 I loved the color and design of this belly ring . However , I found that the actual ring looked REALLY large in my piercing . My navel piercing is n't very deep , but it also is n't too thin . I believe I wasted my money on something I 'll never use .
 i expect like regular size of ring , but this one look like a ring for toy or something funy , the MM of our rings is 5MM and this ring may be is 1MMso ridiculousMartin1/5 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold
 i expect like regular size of ring , but this one look like a ring for toy or something funy , the MM of our rings is 5MM and this ring may be is 1MMso ridiculousMartin1/5 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold
 The day i got this ring it broke . One of the gems fell out . terrible ring
 This is a review of the product only - all interactions with the retail company were fantastic . I bought this ring based on the picture and reviews - however the reality was much different . The ring is extremely lightweight - and as a man , I prefer my jewelry with a solid , substantial feel . The detail on the chain was quite poor and at times individual links were melted into the other . The black contrast is not as significant or shiny as the picture conveys , and as a result of the chain being free to rotate , the ring makes a slight `` tinkling '' sound as your hand is moved . Return was accomplished quite easily using the original packaging and $ 2 for S&H and the credit was applied within 3 business days of receipt confirmation .
 cheap quality . . I do n't recommend it . The spinning section wiggles and you grow tired of it , about 2 minutes after wearing it
 Item was never received despite the several excuses and promises . A refund was issued by Amazon
 I received this ring , along with two others , from Gem Avenue today . I had ordered from Gem Avenue previously and was very happy with the quality of that ring for the price I paid . Unfortunately , the quality of this one did n't match up.The aquamarine stone had no sparkle or shine to it . Even though it was an inexpensive ring , I expected more from Gem Avenue and in fact , I paid less for one of the other rings in today 's shipment and it 's much nicer.This one went back .
 I bought this ring in the citrine , for my daughter 's birthstone , and in the aquamarine , for my son 's birthstone.While the Citrine version was absolutely beautiful and sparkly and beyond my expectations , this aquamarine one was a total disappointment . It looks like blue topaz , a stone I do not like very much . Aquamarine is a lighter , more airy color of blue with bits of green . The stone had absolutely no sparkle at all , very very dull . The same holds true for the matching square stud earrings I ordered . Very dull and not the right color . I will be sending both the ring and the earrings back .
 i expect like regular size of ring , but this one look like a ring for toy or something funy , the MM of our rings is 5MM and this ring may be is 1MMso ridiculousMartin1/5 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold
 I got this to try out this style bellyring and I did n't like it at all . This looks very cheap .
 i expect like regular size of ring , but this one look like a ring for toy or something funy , the MM of our rings is 5MM and this ring may be is 1MMso ridiculousMartin1/5 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold
 i expect like regular size of ring , but this one look like a ring for toy or something funy , the MM of our rings is 5MM and this ring may be is 1MMso ridiculousMartin1/5 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold
 i expect like regular size of ring , but this one look like a ring for toy or something funy , the MM of our rings is 5MM and this ring may be is 1MMso ridiculousMartin1/5 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold
 The belly ring was very cute and looked great , but it was poorly made and broke within a few days .
 The ring is much smaller than what I anticipated . It does n't resemble the photo at all . The color is completely off . I was very disappointed when I received the product .
 Charm is very thin and flimsy - feels like something you 'd get at a dollar store - design does n't show up accurately in photos - I wo n't order from this company again - low quality - too bad because the celtic birth charm idea is interesting -
 The transaction was great , and the product was very attractive , but was not very durable.The handcuffs and chains came off within 2 weeks of wearing the product.I would definitely use this vendor again , though I would not buy that particular belly ring again .
 Turquoise Blue Pointy Beaded Tribal Collar NecklaceIt ships in a small plastic square all bunched up . When I opened it , I immediately noticed the beads were cheap AND the necklace was whacked out . The inner thread was distorted and would n't lie flat on my body like a necklace , but stuck up and curled inward.I 'm flattening it with a book now , and hopefully that 'll help . Would NOT buy again , it 's not really what I expected ... even for five dollars .
 It was the worst quality jewelry I 've ever bought . It 's not full silver , only plated . The clasp stops working after 9-10 times of opening and closing it . It is pretty but just not worth it . Go to a real jeweler to get a locket . I am returning it .
 Make sure you review the clarity and grading scale before you purchase jewlery on line without seeing the piece first.This is clearly stated as a I2 - I3 clarity grade which is defined as containing large inclusions that are visible to the naked untrained eye.The grading is correct , my wife instantly notice a large black flaw in the diamond . You get what you pay for .
 I do not like this item bc when you put on pants or a shirt the balls have a chance of getting stuck or falling off . The seller was great about shipping and a timely response . The product just was not worth it .
 When I got this , it had a piece missing ! How do they expect the thing to stay on w / no ball on the end . I do n't recommend it . .
 Got this for a friend for Christmas but will be returning it for a different one because not only is the center stone dirty -LRB- underneath the left side of the stone -RRB- , but also some of the surrounding stones or whatever they are , are dull and do n't shine/sparkle like the other ones . Just three or four of them , but the ring itself looks already used . Also the stone is a little lighter than in the picture but I can deal with that . Overall it is a beautiful ring , but I just wanted a nice , CLEAN , new ring to give to my friend for Christmas . And nobody should have to specify they want something clean hen they 're ordering it new ! I 'd understand if I bought this used off of some website like eBay , but amazon ? Come on ! Amazon is going to lose me as a loyal customer if they keep this crap up ! I should n't have to return an item for being dirty ! I am thou roughly disgusted and would give it ZERO stars if I could !
 Loved this ring when it arrived . My mom has had trouble with her one finger locking up so I thought this might help . It did help and was wonderful at first ! The stiffness was gone and she raved about it . Then after wearing it for a month , it broke in half . I was disappointed it felt apart so fast .
 If your special someone has big wrists , this will probably make them very happy . But if they have normal , lady-sized wrists ...
 I purchased five of these bracelets to give as gifts . I wondered how the bracelet that was pictured could be sold so inexpensively . Now I know - the bracelets that I received are nothing like the bracelet this company represents in its pictures . The photos show an actual San Marco bracelet with fully formed , individual links . What I received should be called an `` Illusion San Marco bracelet '' . There are tiny `` links '' that are actually only about 1/3 of a true San Marco link - just the side of a link . Think of cutting a length-wise piece off an elbow macaroni so that the piece is rounded on the outside and hollowed out on the inside , and you 'll get the idea . Plus , they packaged the bracelets in such short , narrow little plastic bags that each of the bracelets has an odd bend or kink in it . Of course these are going back , and they have left an extremely poor impression .
 DONT BUY THIS THING . IT RUSTED AND IS WEAK AND THE ONLY GOOD THING IS THAT IT LOOKED GOOD ON THE FIRST DAY . I was so disappointed it looks cheap and is not worth the money . I gave the one star because it has the word MOM in it.Dont buy . PLEASE I BEG YOU
 Less than three months later , the cz diamonds started falling out , starting with the biggest one . Very sad now : -LRB-
 it is a very cheap very small charm . mine was scratched and to get it to slide is very annoying . save your money and get something worth it
 Not a bad piece , but not exactly what I was expecting . Bracelet is very lightweight and charms have somewhat sharp edges . If I had seen it in a retail store , I would not have purchased it .
 Really beautiful ring for the price . The stones could never be mistaken for diamonds , but are nice in their own right . Two of the stones fell off of the first ring I ordered ; `` Something Silver '' promptly issued me another one free of charge however . Ring feels sturdy , and the fit is comfortable . Very nice overall . *** Update
 I am surprised that you are asking for a review . I ordered this item several weeks ago and I have not yet received it . Apparently , there is a problem in the order/evaluation/shipment process
 I bought it for the cause , however , came apart in pieces within a couple of hours . Other friends who ordered theirs came apart also .
 I am shocked L'Oreal would use such a piece of junk for a fund raiser.The size of the item was a bracelet for a two year old . The choice on size was not explained or useful . The item looks like fake diamonds and as if the stick on top will fall off when bumped.Maybe those who rated this higher got a different item . I hope the return and credit will not be as bad as the product .
 Netaya Jewelry is a complete JOKE of a company ! I ordered a piece of jewelry from them on the 4th of July , 2008 , intending it as a birthday gift for the 15th of July . Never received a tracking number . On the 14th , I called to check up on it , and they said they were doing inventory , and my item would n't be shipped until the 16th . They claimed to have sent me an email on the 9th -LRB- five days after they accepted my payment , btw -RRB- , which I never received . Customer service was horrible , and they were not interested at all in finding a solution . After enough complaint , she agreed to upgrade my shipping to 2-3 day -LRB- still on the 16th -RRB- . On the 16th , I got an email saying that they did n't have my item , but would be shipping a similar piece . However , the item in the email they claimed I ordered , as well as its replacement , was something entirely different . Called immediately to catch them before they sent me the wrong item , and they could n't find my order . She had to call me back . Once they figured out what I ordered , she said it would take 1-6 days to ship . What about the 2-3 day shipping referred to by the other customer service agent ? Well , there were no notes in my account , so ... tough . Finally received the item on the 23rd , and it was the WRONG ITEM !! Netaya , if you read this , feel free to make this right ! This was order number 118493 . Customers , please help make this ridiculous company responsible for themselves and deny them business !! You 'll be doing yourself a favor !
 I recieved this product and was n't happy . . It did n't look as nice as it did in the picture . It was very light and felt cheap .
 Really beautiful ring for the price . The stones could never be mistaken for diamonds , but are nice in their own right . Two of the stones fell off of the first ring I ordered ; `` Something Silver '' promptly issued me another one free of charge however . Ring feels sturdy , and the fit is comfortable . Very nice overall . *** Update
 Really beautiful ring for the price . The stones could never be mistaken for diamonds , but are nice in their own right . Two of the stones fell off of the first ring I ordered ; `` Something Silver '' promptly issued me another one free of charge however . Ring feels sturdy , and the fit is comfortable . Very nice overall . *** Update
 I ordered from them and received the items pretty quickly . One of the bracelets I ordered was so tiny -- for someone with a size 6 wrist and the beads were put on sloppily . I emailed them about it and they have not gotten back to me . I will not order from them again . Prices are great but quality is not .
 I just thought I would alert people that the fleur de lis is upside down ! I bet it is hard to sell that way . I am not buying and I have always wanted a necklace or earrings with my University 's symbol . I bought earrings .
 I bought this item at Spencer 's for 15 $ . Do n't waste money on this when you can get it cheaper .
 I bought this ring despite the 2 negative reviews claiming the silver was tarnished . I frankly -LRB- sexistly -RRB- deduced that both negative reviews were made by men , who perhaps did n't know much about jewelry . I have to admit they were right . The ` tarnish ' that they refer to is n't tarnish at all , but more like a wearing away of the metal - it ca n't be rectified by polishing the ring . It 's definitely not silver , which is disappointing , but they 've cleverly stamped the ' 925 ' -LRB- a symbol on sterling pieces -RRB- onto the inside of the ring . I 'm also relatively certain that the ` onyx ' is plastic as the facets are dull and look scratched , but ca n't be sure about that . The ring still looks relatively cute on , and I may keep it because I bought it to wear with a specific dress to a formal event , but very disappointed that I spent $ 35 on something that could have very well come out of a vending machine .
 The quality of this ring is horrible . The ring is made of some sort of plastic material and the onyx stone looks fake and horrible . This ring is not worth more than a dollar .
 After looking at this ring online , this seemed to be a decent quality piece for a good price . In this case you get what you pay for , upon receipt I was very disappointed to find that the silver was miscolored and spotted . I attempted to use a polishing cloth , but this was of no help.I would warn anyone that you get what you pay for with this ring , very cheap feeling and looking . You would be better off getting a ring out of a gumball machine . Luckily Amazon has a good return policy for these things .
 This ring is a very cheap imitation of what nice rings are supposed to be -- and a bad one at that . I could not believe how much it DID NOT look like the picture . It was poorly made , and the stone and ring materials were costume quality , not real jewelry quality . To top it all off , the `` silver '' came tarnished -- a supposedly new ring came tarnished as though it was brought up from a shipwreck .
 I was quite disappointed with these earrings . They stick out too far from my ear lobes and the posts are flimsy and bend way too easily . Also , the stones do not even begin to resemble each other - it does n't exactly look like a pair . You get what you pay for .
 These earrings are a rather dull gray-white color , and not very interesting to look at . They did fine with the backs that came with the earrings , so no special backs are needed .
 This bracelet is very very small . A shame , as it is quite cute . You probably need a few to make an impact or use it with other rose bracelets or amber ones .
 This brooch is cute online but when you receive it , that 's a different story.Since there are so many items hanging from the bottom , the whole pin goes down too . When you wear it , it seems droopy.The silver coloring on it , it not polished so it seems a bit dull to look at.I would not buy this product again or give it as a gift .
 When I got this , I loved it . The orange bead really grabbed my eye and I wore it with everything . But it so flimsy . It broke after wearing it twice . I was really disappointed . Normally I dont have a problem with NVIE but this time it was a bummer .
 Although this product is pretty to look at , one must remember not to bend it to fit as it will crack the silver plating and the bracelet will fall apart in your hands . I do not suggest buying this item as it is not solid sterling silver as you are lead to believe .
 I 'm giving 2 stars instead of 1 because their customer service -LRB- communication and such -RRB- have been very good.I purchased this bracelet a few months ago and -LRB- a few days ago -RRB- had the unfortunate experience as the previous reviewer . I was taking it off and it snapped in the middle . Once you could see the insides , it was obviously not pure Sterling Silver as the `` materials '' portion indicates . I will be returning this item for a new one -LRB- already gave my girl a matching one -RRB- and may not even wear it at all ... * very disappointing *
 I bought three of these - one for myself , one for each of my daughters - and ALL of them broke within 1 week.TERRIBLY MADE PRODUCT.Very pretty , very disappointing .
 In the photo , these earrings did indeed look `` cute '' and `` small , '' as described . They are , in reality , chunky and about the size of a nickel ... VERY hard to tell this from the picture . These earrings would be perfect with a bright yellow 80 's power suit . Otherwise , steer clear !
 Item is sideways , so looks like Tennessee instead of Alabama . I hate it !! Do n't buy from this company because pictures on Amazon are not correct .
 I liked the look of this bracelet from its pics - the actual product was poorly made - the holes in some of the chips were n't placed properly so some of the chips were sticking out and in less than a week the bracelet burst - it was a very disappointing purchase from this seller - I always purchase stuff from this seller and have never encountered any problems before .
 its cute . . but too small ... and way too expensive for the price.I ordered it for my mom 's birthday and had to buy something else for her and keep this for myself .
 This sterling silver cross is much smaller than I expected . Its image onAmazon suggested something larger , although I might 've known from the price that it would be small . The packaging was fine , and arrival time was speedy .
 I bought this as a bday gift for my brother . The ring cracked the 2nd day he wore it . It is extremely light weight and very fragile . Felt like a toy from a gumball machine .
 I bought this ring a year ago for my husband . I thought I was getting a great deal . I mean how can you go wrong ?! A $ 375.00 ring for $ 110.00 . When I got it I was alittle upset . The white gold is VERY thin . I couldnt believe that they had such a high retail price on this ring . I would have gone through the roof if I paid full price for this ring.Now my husband does love his ring but there are problems with it . The setting for the Onyx is not well done . In fact after a few months of wear the stone starts to get loose and you can hear it whenever you move your hand . With the gold being to thin it is easy to dent . Now the problem is that if you are to take it in to your local jewelry store to have them work on it ... Well , they cant . So this ring is nice ... But understand once it 's broken -LRB- my husband 's had a crack in the white gold -RRB- that 's it . You cant take it to be repaired . So I would say , spend a full $ 400.00 and get a custom one or one from a local jewelry store and get a service plan on it .
 Got 7 CN Tower charms for a ladies group . The quality of the silver charms is not what I expected . They seem rather inferior in quality . No time to make a return on the product so just have to live with my purchase .
 There are n't any colors in this pendant , just a ugly topaz which ruins the pendant , same happened with heart I ordered from this seller . Normal Swarovski crystals do NOT have a Topaz covering the beauty of the crystals . Sorry I wasted my money , should have bought from Swarovski site !
 This pendant looks great in the picture but when I received it , it looks like yellow glass , does n't look like a crystal at all . I 'm very dissapointed !
 I ordered this pendant to match some earings I ordered at the same time . Yes they match , but the hues are not as shown . The back of the pendant and earings have a golden finish and they gleam gold . I wanted the tradition Swarovski with all the various hues . Sending these back .
 I was very disappointed in this . I bought it to match a pair of Swarovski Crystal earrings -LRB- and it did match perfectly -RRB- but my earrings are crystal -LRB- pun intended -RRB- clear and the pendant has a horrible yellow look to it . I kept it but now I wish I had a clear pendant that matched my earrings . I wish I would 've been told in the description that it was not clear . I ca n't say I 'd ever be too eager to purchase from them again .
 Maybe the saphire part was okay - good color . But , these earrings fell apart after one wearing . I do n't recommend them .
 I really was disappointed with these . They are quite large and fit oddly on my ear . Color not as I had hoped either ... paler .
 I just recieved the Italian horn ... in the listing it stated it was .75 -LRB- 3/4 -RRB- inch long . I foolished assumed the horn itself was that long but that was n't the case . The horn is .5 -LRB- 1/2 -RRB- inch and the ring adds the other quarter inch . Oh well ... live and learn .
 I just received those earrings and was very disappointed . They 're a lot lighter than I thought , the clasp does n't close very well and the frame is very thin.I will probably be returning these !
 The bracelet I purchased is quite old and few marks on it . So totally not upto what was shown .
 My partner bought this ring for me for our 7th anniversary . I LOVED the design of this ring , and loved wearing it because it received so many compliments!HOWEVER , it started to tarnish very quickly and after nine months , the stone had started to loosen . Last week , somewhere between home and work , the prongs bent and the stone fell out . I was very careful not to wear this ring in water , when using household chemicals , or when doing anything that might have caused damage to the ring -LRB- like gardening or moving furniture -RRB- . While I recognize that this is n't exactly the Hope Diamond , I wish that the ring would have lasted longer than -LRB- almost -RRB- one year.My partner ordered a new ring for me from another company , and made sure that this time the ring was made of sterling silver NOT brass . We shall see .
 Find it somewhere else , they have real silver rings by other merchants.Discoloration was visible no more than 2 mos into purchase.IMHO go with something else and keep searching sorry to be so down to the point but find something else and pay the extra $ 10-15 .
 My item was supposed to arrive 2/8 and was shipped on 2/10 . Where is my item it 's been in Illinois since 2/10 this is getting extremely frustrating .
 when i searched this ring i was searching for sterling silver ... i didnt read where it said it was brass until i got on here today . the ring is pretty but i wanted to wear this to the pool and on vacation afraid i would loose my real diamond . cant really do that with this ring since it turns you green after a couple days .
 Well , it arrived two and a half weeks after it was supposed to . There is no way you can wear both rings at the same time without them looking ridiculously huge and awkward !! You can tell they are not real , also after paying shipping and handling online , I had to pay another $ 15 for shipping when the rings arrived . I recommend looking around a little more , perhaps with a different dealer .
 I loved the look of these earrings , but quickly found their flaw
 The earrings are very attractive but there are a few gray areas regarding what the earrings are composed of.The editorial review states that they are made of 14k and are lightweight . For the size of the earrings , if they were solid gold , they would be heavier so they must be plated , and this is never mentioned . What is the base metal ? Also the product spec 's state that they are made of 18k gold.So which is it , 18k of 14k , are they solid or plated ? $ 95.00 is n't expensive or cheap but I guess I expected a little more than I should have , I suppose .
 I was a little disappointed because this pendant looks stunning . When I got it in between the wire wrapping there was all this crusty white looking stuff . Not actually sure what it was , but its still on the pendant now , because of its position it would be impossible to get out . Other than that I really liked it .
 I got this as a gift but returned it when I saw it . The diamond had a very flat top and was sunk so far down that it was barely visible . The gold seemed good but the diamond ruined the ring .
 The item was misrepresented . Size and quality were horrible . I would return this item except family member is in the Coast Guard and it was sent to him . A total waste of money .
 The product description was obviously written by somebody who was not very well-informed . The image is of a French Horn -- not a Trombone . Please correct this .
 Smaller than I expected it to be , and very dull for silver . I put it in jewelry cleaner and polished it out to a better shine . Other than that , the metal stamp was without complaint , as you can clearly see the front and the Navy logo on the back .
 Received these earrings and found that one was noticeably bigger than the other . Ca n't wear them because one hangs down twice as low at the other . I wo n't ever buy anything else from this seller .
 The service was excellent , I received it very quick . I wore it one time and the bottom broke off during the day . I would recommend the service of the company but not the product .
 We had to return this item due to its quality . It was very flimsy and was not a 2mm chain . Very dainty and not at all what we thought . Certainly not worth the price paid
 The concept to the necklace was really nice . The poem in it is cute . But the necklace looks cheap . I could have gotten that same necklace from a street vendor for half the price . The cord is way too short and it 's way overpriced . I was disappointed totally !
 I agree . I really wanted my wedding to be special , but this vendor needs to be more specific with her merchandise . The `` Vera Wang '' necklace , which I purchased was soooo disapointing ! The pendant was way too small as well as the chain . It was terrible . I strongly recommend not to burchase from them .
 I ended up returning this necklace . The pearl was n't that pretty . It did n't match the earrings I had gotten to go with this necklace -LRB- they 're from the same company -RRB- . It was a weird shape , neither oval or round . The chain was really cheesy looking . The only reason I gave this necklace any stars was for the bow . Other than that , I did n't like anything else about this necklace .
 I usually love rings from this company but be warned that this ring does n't look anything like the picture . The ring I received had a super long rectangular stone , not a nice square as seen in the picture . Mine was also tarnished or looked like it had torch marks up the side . I will definitely be returning this ring .
 the first time i got this ring which was last year i got one that was really good , but when i ordered this one this year -LRB- 2009 -RRB- I got it bent and it looked like the diamond was lop sided with the ring , i guess that 's what you get for a cheap ring under $ 10Not buying from Gem Avenue again .
 When I received this ring , I was not happy because its box looks very cheap . I was not stunned by the ring , it looks simple . But it does n't really look fake at first glance . The stone though got loose . And the polishing is not good !
 I usually love rings from this company but be warned that this ring does n't look anything like the picture . The ring I received had a super long rectangular stone , not a nice square as seen in the picture . Mine was also tarnished or looked like it had torch marks up the side . I will definitely be returning this ring .
 the first time i got this ring which was last year i got one that was really good , but when i ordered this one this year -LRB- 2009 -RRB- I got it bent and it looked like the diamond was lop sided with the ring , i guess that 's what you get for a cheap ring under $ 10Not buying from Gem Avenue again .
 When I received this ring , I was not happy because its box looks very cheap . I was not stunned by the ring , it looks simple . But it does n't really look fake at first glance . The stone though got loose . And the polishing is not good !
 I usually love rings from this company but be warned that this ring does n't look anything like the picture . The ring I received had a super long rectangular stone , not a nice square as seen in the picture . Mine was also tarnished or looked like it had torch marks up the side . I will definitely be returning this ring .
 the first time i got this ring which was last year i got one that was really good , but when i ordered this one this year -LRB- 2009 -RRB- I got it bent and it looked like the diamond was lop sided with the ring , i guess that 's what you get for a cheap ring under $ 10Not buying from Gem Avenue again .
 When I received this ring , I was not happy because its box looks very cheap . I was not stunned by the ring , it looks simple . But it does n't really look fake at first glance . The stone though got loose . And the polishing is not good !
 This ring is really pretty but , the first time I wore it a small stone fell out of the side . I only had it on a few hours !!!
 Anybody measured the weight of ring ? I happened to do so several months later after I got it . It is 2.2 grams -LRB- size 7 -RRB- instead of 4 grams as shown on the website .
 I usually love rings from this company but be warned that this ring does n't look anything like the picture . The ring I received had a super long rectangular stone , not a nice square as seen in the picture . Mine was also tarnished or looked like it had torch marks up the side . I will definitely be returning this ring .
 the first time i got this ring which was last year i got one that was really good , but when i ordered this one this year -LRB- 2009 -RRB- I got it bent and it looked like the diamond was lop sided with the ring , i guess that 's what you get for a cheap ring under $ 10Not buying from Gem Avenue again .
 When I received this ring , I was not happy because its box looks very cheap . I was not stunned by the ring , it looks simple . But it does n't really look fake at first glance . The stone though got loose . And the polishing is not good !
 I recently purchased three Sajen pieces , two of them were beautiful , and then there was this one . The silverwork and the garnet were both really nice . It was the Cinnabar Heart that ruined the piece for me . I was picturing a carved stone with at least a slight bit of visual texture . Cinnabar -LRB- the mineral -RRB- should be very refractive unless it is purposely dulled . This is very , very dull cinnabar . This looked like a very matte wax , something that would be decorative on a candle . It will be pretty enough as long as no one looks too closely at it , but overall , I 'm far from thrilled with this piece .
 Anybody measured the weight of ring ? I happened to do so several months later after I got it . It is 2.2 grams -LRB- size 7 -RRB- instead of 4 grams as shown on the website .
 This looks like a nice ring in the picture on the site , but in reality it 's really rough . I returned it for my money back because I was really disappointed in the quality of the ring . For sixty dollars i was expecting something really nicely fabricated , but the outside piece did n't spin properly -LRB- at a certain point i had to force it to spin -RRB- , the saldering at the seam was awful and obvious , and there were notches and imperfections all over it . Just really disappointingly poor quality . Do n't trust the picture .
 I ordered this ring in a small size and discovered upon receiving it that it was very uncomfotable to wear . The over all shape of the ring in the small size was more oval than round , making it strange to feel between my fingers
 This looks like a nice ring in the picture on the site , but in reality it 's really rough . I returned it for my money back because I was really disappointed in the quality of the ring . For sixty dollars i was expecting something really nicely fabricated , but the outside piece did n't spin properly -LRB- at a certain point i had to force it to spin -RRB- , the saldering at the seam was awful and obvious , and there were notches and imperfections all over it . Just really disappointingly poor quality . Do n't trust the picture .
 There was nothing wrong with this item . It was to be a gift , but when I saw the size I realized that it was too big for a petite gal . It arrived promptly and was refunded without a hitch .
 This looks like a nice ring in the picture on the site , but in reality it 's really rough . I returned it for my money back because I was really disappointed in the quality of the ring . For sixty dollars i was expecting something really nicely fabricated , but the outside piece did n't spin properly -LRB- at a certain point i had to force it to spin -RRB- , the saldering at the seam was awful and obvious , and there were notches and imperfections all over it . Just really disappointingly poor quality . Do n't trust the picture .
 This looks like a nice ring in the picture on the site , but in reality it 's really rough . I returned it for my money back because I was really disappointed in the quality of the ring . For sixty dollars i was expecting something really nicely fabricated , but the outside piece did n't spin properly -LRB- at a certain point i had to force it to spin -RRB- , the saldering at the seam was awful and obvious , and there were notches and imperfections all over it . Just really disappointingly poor quality . Do n't trust the picture .
 I had a ring similar to this several years ago that was stolen from me , was very impressed by what was described online & the images shown of the item & so I bought it . BUYER BEWARE ! IT IS NOTHING LIKE THE IMAGE SHOWN ! I am beyond disappointed & honestly would like my money back . The ring I got was blackened , very poorly crafted , bent , dented , cracked , scratched , crooked & looked like it had been burnt to a crisp before it was sent to me -LRB- which is to say besides being mostly black all over , there is a coating of rough black substance quite like hardened soot on it -RRB- . I 've had some bad purchases before but this is by far the worst . Sometimes variations in the expectation of an online order are tolerable like size or color ... maybe even design and style but this looked like they beat the crap out of it deliberatly before they sent it to me . I will never buy from this seller again & strongly advise against others doing so . Seriously save your money and buy elsewhere
 In the picture it does n't look as bulky as it really is . I got it for my middle finger and it looks SOO big . If it had said men 's ring I would n't have ordered it . It fit , but it 's obviously not a woman 's ring or even unisex .
 The charm looks nice , but it is hollow and very light weight . The skin is extremely thin silver . I suspect that the flimsy charm will dent easily , making it very unattractive.In general , the item looks and feels cheaply made . Do not expect it to be any more than a novelty piece .
 I bought this product and it broke -LRB- snapped in half -RRB- within an hour of wearing it . Bad quality . But great service .
 I liked the ring at first , but it was tarnishing within 2 days .
 Even though the stone itself looks really nice , pretty much identical with real diamond , the cheap setting makes the whole ring look cheap.The prongs are obviously asymmetric and disproportional . The band is really thin.I think even putting a real diamond on this ring would look like fake .
 I 've ordered from Gem Ave before -LRB- 2x -RRB- the band is not 3mm and looks cheapyou get what you pay for . The package was ripped and the box was what looks like pulled apartthe plastic bag the boxed ring came in looked like it had punch though . On top if I 'm wanting to returnit I have to pay shipping which was cost of half the puchase not worth it I 'll give it to my niece very disappiontedGem Ave
 It looks like it came out of a grocery store gumball machine . I know that it was only $ 16 , but I guess I was expecting a bit more . The prongs were off kilter and the band looks really flimsy .
 This ring has a `` diamond '' that is over sized for how light the actual ring is . Snags on things and the prongs are not sturdy at all . I also bought this other ring and it is way better
 Not like the pic ! Band is very thin . Looks extremely cheap ! Do n't think of purchasing . Thinking of sending mine back .
 This ring is very fake looking . The Cubic Zirconia is not clear ... I returned it . The size was true , the band is nice , but the rock is very fake looking .
 The ` diamond ' is obviously fake . And sooo much bigger than in the picture . Cost wayyy to much for what its worth . So regret getting this ring .
 the ring was nothing like I thought it would be . It was cheap looking . Maybe others who ordered this ring and wrote great reviews got a better product . The one I received was so cheap . I will be returning this ring .
 The ring looked foggy and not clear . I wore it for two day 's and took it off . I 'll probably replace the stone with a better one because the setting was sterling silver .
 Arrived quickly , very pretty . Setting not as pictured . Ring only worn for two months -LRB- Not for chores or anything that could harm a ring -RRB- . LOST STONE ! Now pretty EMPTY PROMISE RING ! Very disappointed .
 Disappointed ... picture shows a bright stone . Mine was dull and the prong setting is not what is shown in picture .
 I have never written a review for any item that I have purchased at AMAZON , but this was so ugly and cheap looking . It doesnt even look like a heart , but rather like a pear shape . It look very cheap like a 25cents toy . I want a refund .
 Bought for every day wear . The stone in the first one fell out , so I returned it and ordered another . Same thing happened less than a week later .
 i recieved the ring today just now actually and i noticed it is a for prong ring not six and the stone is loose i hope i can get it fixed i really want to where this ring . the reason the stone is loose is because the prong is bent if i can straighten it out i might be able to where it . dissapointed
 The ring is cute , but clearly not very high quality ... also the heart stone is slightly crooked which was just distracting enough to make me not want to wear the ring . If I were able to go back and re-buy this ring , unfortunately I would probably spend my money on something else .
 The item never came but I am happy with the service they refunded me my money . A little disappointed that it did not come because I was looking forward to wearing it so much .
 This is a beautiful ring . I wore it for 5 days & got lots of compliments . However , on the 5th day I looked down & the cubic zirconia stone was missing . I wondered , after I got it , if I should have had it tightened . I did n't and now I have a silver band missing the stone .
 I thought I could wear this ring to save some wear and tear on my diamond but NO WAY would I have ordered it if I would have known it was so cheap . The stone looks plastic and the silver looks fake especially around the setting -- looks like it came from a bubble gum machine.Worst of all the setting is not as depicted in the picture it is a four prong not six.Don ' t waste your time , this thing is going back no matter the cost to me just to make the point .
 so it shines a little but so many imperfections the metal band is cheap disformed and tarnished within an hour of wearing it , i think simply cuz its cheap metal and got wet . the heart doesnt look allot like a heart untill you get close up . cute if its gunna be a play ring or for a yooung teen . as far as wearing this thing im ashamed : -LRB-
 I am very unhappy with this product . Not only does the CZ look plastic , it fell out after two days of wearing it . I have never been more disappointed with a piece of jewelry than this one . Do not buy it . The ring itself looks like it came out of a quarter machine . I 'm not sure what kind of ring everyone else got to give it such glowing reviews , but mine was definitely nowhere near their descriptions .
 The ring looked foggy and not clear . I wore it for two day 's and took it off . I 'll probably replace the stone with a better one because the setting was sterling silver .
 this is misleading because i thought i was getting the necklass with it so i wasnt happy :-LRB- they should not have the actuall necklass in the pic of the product they were trying to sell .
 Really big and gaudy and the gemstones fell out in the box before I even had a chance to put it in . Not worth the price !!!
 I loved this belly jewelry . However , I wore it for a matter of a week and it fell apart . I guess you really do get what you pay for , and that is n't much .
 While the silver casings were very nice , I was extremely disappointed with the quality of the scarabs in these earrings . The scarabs were poor quality , and one scarab was smaller than the other . More glue than scarab showed in the setting . Silver Speck refunded my money with no problem , however , retaining my future business .
 The mounting style is what caught my eye . It has nice elevation above the finger . The stone has nice sparkle . The silver prongs add to the brightness of the stone . However the color of the gold is too much in the yellow/orange range to look ` real . ' I know it 's not real , but are n't we going for a good `` look a-like ? '' Overall it is a decent cocktail ring .
 Overall , a very nice ring except for the broken piece of gold underneath the diamonds . Hard to explain but there are little bars that run underneath the diamonds and one was broken . Funny thing was there was a pen or ink mark on each side of the defect , as if somebody had seen it before . Very disappointed that amazon would send something like this out . Obviously we returned it .
 I bought this for gift , but when I recieve it , I was very disapointed . The pendant looks so cheap and very very thin . No one believe that it is made by 14k white gold and worth for over $ 100 . So Do n't ever buy it . Not worth it .
 The price reflects the quality . Large inclusions visible with the naked eye at 5-ft away render this a poor gift to give to a lady . Prompt refund made the disappointment a quick memory though .
 This product was delivered with a `` broken '' fastener for one of the earrings . It was so loose it was not on the earring and was in the box separately.As soon as we found that this was not acceptable , we returned to the vendor for a refund . The refund was credited to our credit card quite promptly so this part of the transaction was handled well!The product was shipped and received promptly also.V . W. WitwerSan Antonio , TX
 I 'm not sure how I would have liked them since they sent me a round cut instead of the Princess cut I ordered . These are dishonest people . Buyer beware ! They never responded to email . .
 Ok , I 'm just going to come right out and say it
 Very attractive but perhaps too fragile for my use . My first toe ring lasted for YEARS and I 've had problems replacing it . I did like this one but perhaps as I initially put it on I stretched it out and weakened it . At any rate it lasted about a month then broke.Its replacement , from another source , looks a little thicker and plainer but has lasted longer . -LRB- My husband put it on without unbending it at all and that may be the answer . -RRB-
 I loved these earrings when I saw them . They were exactly what I was looking for , and did n't disappoint in person . Then , the second time I wore them , the black fell out . BIG let-down .
 Bought this for a birthday gift with another ring . When it was opened , the first thing that jumped out was very noticible flaws in not one , but TWO of the hearts . Since order was placed over 30 days ago , too bad for me ! NOT WORTH IT !
 verry cheeply made light weight , Dans has some very nice things this is not one of them sorry , Dan Pennington
 I purchased these earrings because I loved the design . When I received the earrings I was extremely disappointed ... the earrings are much too small for an adult , they should be bought for a young child or very small adult . . too bad I really loved the concept of them but they are so small they are very hard to put on or see once they are on . . the pictures of them are very misleading ... learned my lesson do not buy jewelry from a picture ...
 These earrings are as pictured but they are not meant for adults . See the other one star review from another customer , that person is correct ! If your earlobes are thicker than 1/4 of an inch , the earrings will pinch and you will `` feel them '' when you are wearing them . My pair has hinges to open more but one hinge is stuck and does not open as much as the other . I will either return them or give them to a preteen .
 My wife loved the earrings . Unfortunately , the quality of the lock is very poor and one earring was lost on the first day !
 disappointing . overly shiny and is adjustable -- that may be in the description , but i did n't see it . And though i decided to return the ring , Amazon 's return policy made it extremely easy , and best of all -- return shipping is free ! Thank you , Amazon , you rock !!
 Hello , I would like to say that I thought these would be simple , classy earrings for work . I just received the item today . They look so cheap !! I ca n't even believe it ! The clasp was defective and the gem completely fell out ! I just received them two minutes ago . I am in the process of getting a refund . I can say that the booklet that comes with the earrings is very convenient if you are unsatisfied ... However , I would appreciate an accurate life-size photo , so I do n't waste my time in the future . I think I 'll just stick to books from Amazon .
 I can not wear these earrings as the post are incredibly short ! I have average size earlobes and they do not reach the back of my earlobe , thus making them unwearable . Too bad , because they are very pretty ...
 I 'm used to the malleability of pewter , but this was ridiculous . Bent all-to-hell just from normal wear . Would n't suggest to a friend .
 I purchased this for my wife as a joke and it was a complete success . She 's worn it to a couple of costume parties and gotten some great laughs . For this it 's actually 5 stars .
 This claw ring is smaller than i imagined . Its fairly sharp and looks fantastic , but its much too small to fit any of my fingers except my pinky . -LRB- although , it DOSE have bendable band-like things on the bottom that you can bend to your finger , but it will barely hold it . -RRB-
 I purchased this for my wife as a joke and it was a complete success . She 's worn it to a couple of costume parties and gotten some great laughs . For this it 's actually 5 stars .
 These are very pretty earrings , but the box chain is so thin and smooth that the earrings wo n't stay in place . They were literally sliding back out of my ear lobes the moment I put them in . I bought these to wear at my wedding and they 'd be perfect except for this major flaw . I 'm going to buy some of those little rubber earring stoppers and give them a trial run that way , but sadly , I would n't recommend them based on this design flaw . The manufacturer must be aware that their design does n't work . Why they would n't add a length of chain in the center that would hold well or at least ship these with rubber earring stoppers is beyond me .
 This ring is very cheap quality . It says it is .925 SS , but after wearing it for just a week , the `` silver '' began to turn . The stones also beagan to get milky . I do not work around chemicals or anything , so I can only assess that the materials used are not genuine .
 I bought these awhile ago and finally went to wear them the other day and discovered that although they look great , the chain/string is some weird link that does n't hang nicely in your ear . Box chain would have worked much better . Pity because they would have been great otherwise .
 I have been studying Egyptology for over a year now and actually know a bit of Ancient Egyptian Hieroglyphs ... the ankh has NOTHING to do with fertility ! Ankh simply means `` life . ''
 Yeah , it 's pretty . Great in theory , but it actually hurt my arm . It does n't sit comfortably , and the sharp ends actually dug into my skin , leaving angry welts all over my forearm . Sending it back . Sorry , I really did want to support the artist in Thailand , and Novica is an awesome company . Just did n't work out like I thought it was going to .
 The product was very inexpensive , but I expected the ring to be a little more like the picture made it out to look like . When we first received it , I could immediately tell it looked really fake . The only reason I rated it a two , and not a one , is because of the price .
 Silver is nice , but stones are nowhere near believable . Just clear glass - no sparkle . Glad I was n't expecting much . Would not purchase this item again .
 Surprised after all of the great reviews that this ring was n't as realistic as I thought it would be . It is too bright and clear and next to my real diamond just looks so different . The size is big for a seven - I can wear this on my middle finger instead of my ring finger which is normally a seven . It is not a ring that I would recommend .
 It looks really cheap in real . Just Like a plastic ring . The picture is a total deceit . Wasted my money .
 I ordered this ring as an impulse and am really disappointed . You get what you pay for . The stoes are beautiful and bright with fantastic sparkle . The band and settings are thin and make the ring appear fake and cheap . I returned it . Also , the sizing runs big . I ordered a 6 and it spun completely around .
 This ring does not look real at all . It is not even close to a CZ . It looks more like glass .
 I ordered this ring as a present for myself , but I returned it because it looked really fake -- it looks like it came out a dime store the stones are too big , the silver band is too thin , and it was sized too large . Then I had to wait ages for Amazon to reimburse me -LRB- which they finally did , thank you ! -RRB- .
 I love this ring , it 's very very pretty , but after only 20 or so wearings the finishing started wearing off and looked horrible . I tried polishing it with silver polish -LRB- it is supposed to be sterling silver after all -RRB- and it made it worse . I am very disappointed .
 I regret buying this . A week after I got it , one of the side stones fell out . Not worth the money !
 I bought this ring for myself . I had it for 2 days and the middle stone came out and now i cant find it . so dont waste ur money on this ring go bet a better 1 ...
 I bought this ring for my gf because she likes nice looking jewelry that does not cost a lot -LRB- she is afraid she may lose it -RRB- . I bought it for her as an Xmas gift . She loved the ring ; which I bought in combination with a matching necklace and earrings from the same source -LRB- Amazon Curated Collection -RRB- . By January 2 , 2013 -LRB- barely a week after receiving the ring -RRB- , my girlfriend informed me that it was already starting to tarnish.At first I was upset but then I though &#34; hmm , maybe it 's pure silver and that 's why it is tarnishing . &#34; I could not have been more wrong . The ring had begun to get holes and divots in the metal band . Inside and out ! It looked more like it was rusting rather than tarnishing ! Needless to say , I requested a return immediately.Additionally , the picture is deceptive of the ring itself . The inside of the band is not smooth metal that is flush with the rest of the ring . In actuality , the ring has a dug-out inside loop -LRB- where the palm part of the finger touches -RRB- and engraved in the dug-out section is the word &#34; CHINA &#34; in big , nasty letters . Makes the ring seem like I got it for her out of a 25 cent machine outside a grocery store .
 I am not forsure this ring is an actual size 9 because i am a size 9 ring size and this ring is a tight fit !
 Band is really skinny , box that ring was shipped in had a small bag that ring was tucked into liner almost did n't relize something was in pouch . Stones are to large for band they sit on
 I stones were not as big as I thought there were going to be or the look of the stones
 I was very disappointed with this ring . All three stones were different sizes and looked extremely fake . I do n't understand why other reviewers said this could pass as the real thing , but it 's differently cheap looking . Quite a shame as it looked nice in the picture .
 The stones in the ring looked fake . They sent me the wrong size . Was n't happy .
 This item is not the same as the photo . The stones are smaller than the description states and CHINA is stamped on the inside of the band and whatever the finish is - its flaking off . Very unhappy with it , certainly not what I expected .
 its nice at first glance , once you look at it for a bit you can notice the sliver is n't too smooth and not completely shiny around around the ring . . the CZ stones look amazing ! its good for a play ring or a travel ring ... but not a great gift !! On someones hand it would look nice to 95 % of people around her . spend about $ 30-50 for a nice CZ , silver ring . . thats what i ended up doing .
 It 's an OK ring if you just want big accessories.However , the stones are too big and look very fake -LRB- of course -RRB- , and it makes me feel shallow ... Besides , the size is a bit bigger than normal ring size . So order 1 size down if you do want to keep it -LRB- I did n't -RRB- .
 I do n't know what I expected for the price , but this ring really looks cheap . I 'm returning it ; it 's nothing I would wear .
 the quality suckyou should n't sale this anymorei threw it away as soon i saw the quality of the merchandise
 This ring look just like those the kids get in vending-machines . Spend the money on a single rose or some chocolate instead - if you considered this as a gift.The `` stones '' have a weird , plastic look to them , somewhat like a white mystic topaz may look like.It is not pretty and it definitely wo n't be mistaken for `` real '' . A total waste .
 While the ring looked nice , its cheaply-made setting snagged on fabrics and things , and one of the stones has fallen out already and is nowhere to be found . This was a total waste of money , in my opinion .
 This ring looked much better online than it did in person . I wasnt expecting a whole lot from a $ 12 dollar ring , but this looks downright cheap . I regret buying it and wouldnt make the same mistake again .
 There is no mistaking that this ring is made from cubic zirconia , and there is no chance that a person who knows , even a little , about gemstones would mistake it for diamonds . When the stones are viewed in the center -LRB- from above -RRB- , there is no depth to them . They are highly faceted , so they artificially pick up every color of the rainbow . The CG image shown by Amazon.com is better looking than the actual ring . Two stars for correct fit and nice setting , but this ring is being returned .
 I think this is a really beautiful ring and the CZs are bright and sparkly , but I wo n't wear it anywhere because the size of the stones make it look like it is n't real to me . I have a smaller CZ ring in sterling silver and I wear it all the time . I was hoping this would be about a 1 carat center stone with 1/2 carat size on the sides . I think that size would look more like real diamonds .
 Looked great out of the box but lost its luster after two weeks ! A big disappointment , looks like something out of a Cracker Jack box now
 This might be ok on a larger woman ... My fingers are long and slender -LRB- size 4.5 -RRB- . I am not a tiny woman but average size . A real ring this size would exceed the value of most newer cars , and it just is n't very real looking . Going to return it
 I bought the ring because it was pretty.I have not had it for very long.The band broke.The silver is coming off.I would not recommend any one else buy this ring .
 this ring was very cheap and looked it . Yes i only paid 8 bucks for it but i paid the same amount at another place for a set that people really could not tell was n't real . This ring immediately became a play ring for my granddaughter .
 I probably should have taken it off when I washed my hands . The silver or whatever started rubbing off and it looked not so good . I had lost my real diamond and was using this as a replacement . For the money , I was hoping it would last longer . But , to my surprise my husband bought me a new diamond for Christmas ! This looked really nice at first , but I would definitely take it off before putting your hands in water for any reason or doing any kind of work . Just wear it when you need to and store it when not in use . I probably could have gotten more use out of it .
 First thing I have ordered that I wanted to return to Amazon . It was too fake and cheap looking in my opinion .
 I 've always read that Cubic Zirconia is so close to diamonds in its attributes - almost everything excluding strenght , origin and price of course - and I have actually several good pieces of jewelry with Cubic Zirconia and with diamonds and they look very similar to naked eye.I 've got this ring and it is actually a nice one , however it is not even close to real diamond 's luminosity , sparkle and shade . It just look like a well polished clear glass or crystal.Picture it 's just too sharp and the real one is just `` too fake '' to be a diamond one and at the same time with too big pretentions to be a simple silver ring to wear with casual-sport apparel . I would feel pretty uncomfortable wearing it . I was a bit dissapointed when finally got this ring .
 SO i purchased this ring a few months ago just to wear as a ploy to keep men from bothering me . . its dont the trick until recently . The `` diamonds '' are very foggy looking no matter how i clea them and it is changing colors and the stones are very loose . I would say great ring if you are only planning to wear it for the short term but not a longterm every day wear .
 The CZ 's are shiny and the ring is pretty overall and probably worth the price to most people . Size 5 was perfect !
 I bought one good ring for a good price here on amazon . This one looked nice and was nicely priced so I ordered it . It looks really cheap -LRB- can tell in minus one second that it 's not a real diamond -RRB- . I 've seen nicer out of a gumball machine . Was really disappointed .
 I was really excited to order this ring after reading all of the glowing reviews but when I received it I was very disapointed however , for the price what did I expect ? Picture looks WAY better than the real thing !
 I did not like the ring and it looks extremely fake and it shines too much ! Not a worth to buy
 it does n't look anything like the picture . it looks cheap ! but then again you get what you pay for right ? what was i thinking ?
 I do n't like it all , I 'm going to return it . Even for the price I paid , it 's not worth it !
 I could n't tell by the way the this ring was portrayed from Amazon that the stones were so small !! I love wearing cubics but I like them big . If you are going with fake , might as well get BIG ones . I will probably give this one away
 This ring looks like a cheap Walmart ring . you can tell it is sterling instead of gold . I have gotten other cubic rings that really look like the real thing .
 I ordered this item because it was supposed to be a fake/stand-in for my real engagement ring while in Mexico . However , it did n't arrive until after we got back from our vacation , when it was supposed to arrive the week before we left . I was highly disappointed .
 This is n't actually a biohazard symbol - this is upside down , and generally considered an image of the three crescent moons common in goddess imagery.An actual biohazard symbol has one crescent facing straight up . Sadly , while this is a great necklace , it is n't a biohazard .
 This is a very flimsy and breakable peice of jewlery ... you could not tell from the photo .
 If infants could wear jewelry , this would be appropriate . It is so tiny you almost have to use a magnifier to see it . Veru close to invisible .
 If infants could wear jewelry , this would be appropriate . It is so tiny you almost have to use a magnifier to see it . Veru close to invisible .
 What I recieved is not what the picture shows ! Could not pick what month I needed . It did not come close to what i was looking for .
 I think I 'll stick with soaking my diamond ring in hot water with liquid detergent . I left my ring in there overnight , ran it under water , blow dried it - etc. and still not as new/shiny as my at home method.I think I 'll just stick to visiting my jeweler to clean my ring on occassion .
 I was not satisfied with this product at all.I used a product before that only required putting the jewelry in the solution for 15-30 minutes and it came out radiant . With this product , I left my ring in overnight , had to scrub it with a toothbrush , and there were still traces of `` build up '' in some of the crevices of my ring.It was way too expensive for the less than satisfactory results I received . I also emailed the company to let them know I was dissatisfied and asked for a refund -LRB- since they say they have a money back guarantee -RRB- but never received a reply.I was also annoyed it was around $ 5.00 for shipping but all I got was an empty plastic container , a `` refill '' packet , and directions on how to make the cleaning solution.If you want this product , just get the refill packet instead of the whole thing .
 I really wanted to like this product . It smells great . I liked that it says it is `` good for the environment '' but it is not very good at cleaning jewelry . I soaked my ring , scrubbed it down , rinsed it , dried it off , put it back on . Then the next day I saw it in the light and it looked dirtier than it had BEFORE I cleaned it . Like it was covered in sticky oil with a bunch of lint . It took soaking it in ammonia and water and scrubbing it again to remove the film . Tada ! Sparkling clean ! No thanks to the folks at Gemcare . I 'm going to stick with good old fashioned drug store ammonia based cleaners and trips to the jeweler ever six months .
 The sterling silver was really cheap and danty , the backs could easily bend and break off . I would recommend that you spend your money else where .
 it arrived broken , and rather than returning it , i opted to glue it . it literally fell apart in my hands , including the clasp which could n't be glued . it 's beautiful , but it may as well be made of corn flakes .
 The Topaz earring is nice enough and probably worth $ 45 , but be aware that it is smaller than it looks on the web page . The shaft that hangs between the two stones is about 5/16 '' long ; the larger stone is about 3/16 '' wide and 1/4 '' high ; the small stone is about 3/32 '' wide . Essentially , you get what you pay for .
 ca n't imagine what type of camera lens they used to represent this product because it is small.Too small to match the amber pendant I bought that I thought would match . Absolutly microscopic .
 not good - cheap and nasty , bought as a present , but will not give them because they are cheap looking
 Poor quality product . More for a child than for an adult . Not worth the price . I would like my money back and you can have the product back . The product that you display is not the product that I received and returned . The ear rings were not tear drop earrings . If I recall they were studs that were so tiny that they were fit for a child and not an adult .
 The picture is very misleading . The items are much smaller that the picture leads you to believe . I do like the earrings but I believe the price is too high for the quality of the item .
 I guess it was my fault for not comparing measurments . There are verny beutiful , but really really small and fragile .
 the product is very very small and the photo and description leads you to believe that it is larger . it was a christmas gift but i could not give it , no way . i better ask for measurements next time.The delivery time was good .
 They are to small to wear , I would not buy it again . They look good on the website , but in real life you need a microscope . Spend a little more , or be embarrassed by that thing .
 I bought this as a gift on 18th December 2008 and they charged me 64.99 . On Dec 19th 2008 the price was 39.99 . I wouldnt buy anything from these rip offs again .
 Gave these as a gift and the recipient was surprised at how `` dainty '' they were . More importantly , they arrived broken , so she returned them and received credit because they were no longer in stock . I see that they are now available , but would not order them again because of the description I received from the recipient . She did love my 5x7mm swiss blue topaz earrings in white gold so I thought these would be an even more beautiful and elegant gift . I was wrong and wish I 'd sent her the same as mine .
 Very small , the second I saw the box and packaging I was disappointed . I planned to give them to my wife but they are to small , but the design is to mature for my 11 year old .
 Pros
 I had read reviews discussing how tiny these earrings are , but was still surprised when I opened them . I would almost say the size is more appropriate for a child , but the design would not be appropriate for a child . They are made well , pretty , but know that these are really tiny earrings .
 These earrings are much smaller than the picture indicates . They are cute but the price is too high for the quality you receive .
 I was surprised to see these when they arrived . The picture is misleading - it would be helpful to put something else in the picture to give the buyers a better idea of just how small this item truly is .
 These photograph well but are rather cheap-looking up close . For what I paid I expected better craftsmanship .
 Product never reached me ... waited for a month ... at least managed to get money back ...
 These are terrible ... I will return them they do not hang well and at the base of the stem it does n't dangle . . it is all one piece which means as you store them the stem turns and will break ... do n't even try it
 The earrings look nice in the pictures . But the ones i got did not look as nice . you can see the where they put them together and the color is dull on those spots . and I do n't think mine are that shiny when I got them
 These earings are very pretty . I actually bought them to wear for my wedding . When I first got them and tried them on , the metal making up the earring was so soft , the hook to go in the ear bent . It was really dissapointing . I guess I 'll only be able to wear them that one day .
 The pearls were not well strung and looked like something that could be picked up in a dimestore -LRB- if they existed anymore -RRB- . I returned them . The only good thing is Amazon 's excellent return policy -- easy and quick and courteous .
 This product may very well be the most overpriced item available on Amazon . The cloth you receive will be the same cloth that you can get for free from Walmart at the eye glass department . It is extremely small , very thin and in my opinion -- not very impressive ! Buy it if you have extra money to throw away on something you will likely not use .
 I used this cloth to shine my sterling earrings . It was a waste of money ! A towel or any soft cloth would do the same thing . The shipping and handlig was almost as much as the cloth ! Do n't waste your money like I did .
 The pearls are beautiful , but the posts are noticeably thinner than on other earrings . With less surface area to grip the pearl , one of them just fell out upon first use . The packaging is too cheesy for this price point
 The earrings fell apart the third time my wife wore them and Amazon would n't refund them because it was past the 30-day return policy . Expensive junk .
 Yeah I was kinda upset . I bought this ring for my roomate for Christmas and it Broke after the 3rd day . We lost the jewel and everything because it just fell out .
 This is not a rosary . It is just a necklace with a crucifix and medal attached . A Catholic rosary has 5 decades -LRB- 1 Our Father , 10 Hail Marys -RRB- this has no spaces to designate the Our Father from the Hail Marys . It also has 17 extra beads on the rope , and 3 extra beads on the beginningjust after the crucifix .
 Do n't buy this piece of junk , yes it looks nice but after she wears it a couple times the cheap silver finish will come off and then make her neck turn green ! Wow , what a gift ! Do her a favor and save for something better or get her nothing cause this is just a waist of money .
 I ordered this for my mom to be delivered before Mother 's Day , which it was promised . While the reviews were good , it did NOT arrive in time and I am still waiting for delivery . It is not only disappointing but it is embarrassing . My mom deserves better .
 I am Nat 's mom . She ordered this product for ME with an Amazon gift card GIVEN TO HER for Christmas . That was going to be her Christmas gift to me . It never arrived . I helped her track it , and the response was that the USPS showed it was delivered and that we should check with our neighbors , and if they did n't have it then we had to file a claim with the USPS.VERY , VERY , POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE!My daughter is now out her money , and very sad she was not able to give me that Christmas prestent .
 Very Breakable , the chain broke in 2 days of my wife wearing it , company would not replace upon many attempts to contact
 This necklace is darling but the chain is extremely short . I placed it on my 6 year old 's neck to get an exact idea about the length because it was choking me . It looked like it was made for a child lengthwise after seeing it on my own child . I had to take the necklace apart and add another extender to the other side of it so I could wear it comfortably .
 I was told that the wide of this ring was 3/8 '' and was 1/4 '' I realize about that until I received it . I did n't get what I wanted . The ring its ok .
 The ring is beautiful . . This company is crap . Who sells a ring with the garnet stone with a chuck of it missing ? Pitiful . If I had noticed it earlier , I would have petitioned for my money back .
 Although this ring is gorgeous , and very ornate -LRB- for such a small ring -RRB- . There was one drawback . It turned my finger green . I only wear sterling silver or white gold jewelry , and I have many sterling silver rings , none of those rings have turned my finger green . This lead me to believe that the ring was not sterling silver as it states on the website . I would not recommend buying this ring , or any jewelry from the silver insanity company .
 I bought these as part of my wife 's Christmas gifts , but was unable to get them before Christmas . I thought they would look nice with the Byzantine bracelet I also purchased.They arrive very quickly , but when my wife tried to put them on , one of them has its post so large that she was unable to get it thru her piercing . I plan to return and exchange them for something with a little more quality control if its not too late . Otherwise she 's stuck with them in her jewelry box , pretty but unwearable ...
 This ring is gorgeous and so cute to look at , but it is truly PAINFUL to wear !!! It was cutting into my fingers after only a few minutes of wearing it . I bought it when it was $ 300 and I sent it back because it was n't worth it to reset the diamonds in a less sharp setting .
 This ring is gorgeous and so cute to look at , but it is truly PAINFUL to wear !!! It was cutting into my fingers after only a few minutes of wearing it . I bought it when it was $ 300 and I sent it back because it was n't worth it to reset the diamonds in a less sharp setting .
 This ring is gorgeous and so cute to look at , but it is truly PAINFUL to wear !!! It was cutting into my fingers after only a few minutes of wearing it . I bought it when it was $ 300 and I sent it back because it was n't worth it to reset the diamonds in a less sharp setting .
 The necklace that arrived had a yellow/tan colored pearl instead of white . I was very disappointed and returned it .
 I purchased this not really for it 's intended purpose of cleaning jewelry , but because I remembered a childhood friend using one to clean off carbon deposits on spark plugs . I figured that cleaning hearing-aid tubes would be a cinch.Well , it seemed to have no effect on hearing aid tubes . So I tried a few more things and the results were not remarkable . It may be great for jewelry , but I just do n't know .
 It 's been almost two weeks since I ordered this and I have yet to receive it . They did not have the decency to contact me , at any point , either . Not to thank me for my order , as most companies/sellers do , not to tell me it would be delayed ... nothing . Just left me hanging . Thankfully my credit card was n't charged , per Amazon 's terms of service , but I am very disappointed in this experience and want others to be aware of what sort of regard this company holds for its customers .
 I bought this jewelry cleaner based on some good reviews , but found that the one I received just did not live up to my expectations . The water heated and vibrated the jewelry a bit , but did not really get anything cleaner than shaking it myself in a container of liquid jewelry cleanser . It definitely did NOT deep clean anything that I tried , and still required that I scrub the `` crevices '' of my rings . I also found that the OFF button on the one I ordered did not work . The timer worked fine and stopped the process of cleaning , but in order to turn it off I had to unplug it ... not a great feature in something where your hands might be damp after retrieving your jewelry . I added dishwashing liquid , as suggested for a more thorough cleaning , but it simply sunk to the bottom of the tub . Even after trying to swoosh it around and get the best result possible , it was no better -LRB- in fact not as good -RRB- as using a toothbrush and simply scrubbing my jewelry as I had in the past . I had numerous silver chains since I own a small jewelry business , and these looked NO different after even the longest cycle was used . I find that treated jewelry cloths are far superior and I will continue to use those . I had hoped for a quick , easy way to get things clean , but this particular not-so-ultrasonic cleaner did not do it . I have returned it for a refund since it not only disappointed me with its performance , but I felt it was a bit unsafe with the OFF button not working as well . Back to hand cleaning my jewelry ... you might want to do the same .
 Not sure what I was expecting quality-wise for a sterling silver ring , but this felt cheap and plasticky in my hands , like something I could have purchased at the dollar store . That said , I could n't believe I paid over $ 20 for it . Definitely returned it and am waiting for it to arrive back in LA so I can get my refund . Head to Etsy for better quality , real Irish rings .
 Good - nice band , no scratches , feels heavy.Bad - Cloudy white diamonds , one had a big black speck , not even close to clear diamonds ... When they say `` white diamonds '' that is precisely what they mean . The description of the diamonds -LRB- H-I color and I2 clarity -RRB- is accurate in the ad , the photo -LRB- I feel -RRB- showed clear diamonds and was not accurate . If you are looking to impress anyone who knows anything about diamonds go to a real jeweler and spend the bucks.I am using this as an everyday wedding band to `` replace '' my original wedding set . My engagement ring use to catch on everything and this one does not . Now I can put my hand in my pocket without it snagging on the flap for instance . As a lefty the bulky wedding set was a nuisance.This is a good item for everyday wear . I do n't have to worry if I lose it or damage it because it was so inexpensive . Basically , I calculated the value of the gold -LRB- I figured the diamonds as worthless -RRB- and the price -LRB- on special sale -RRB- was less then that so I really could n't go wrong here.Additionally , if the seller does n't provide the weight of the gold -LRB- without the gems -RRB- , karat -LRB- 10,14,18 -RRB- , and the minimum clarity and color of the diamonds DO N'T BUY it . You 're asking to be ripped off . Amazon is usually good about providing that information .
 This is an all-right item . The color is not as vivid as the picture shown , and the workmanship is poor . I 'd only recommend it to someone who is less than 20-year-old .
 Although the ring is very nice looking it bent easily . Maybe I do n't know enough about metals or silver in particular to know what kind of durability to expect , but this ring was really soft , almost like pewter . It just did n't have the quality I was expecting .
 While the stone and earring itself is beautiful , the post broke off when putting into my wife 's ears . she did not even get to wear them one time . poor quality for the price . I could go to the Jewelry store and get a better quality for less price . I do NOT recommend these AT ALL
 14k Yellow and White Gold Diamond-cut Chandelier Post EarringsOther products by Amazon.com CollectionRE : above earrings , what is the story ? re your ever re stocking?Availability
 the part of the earring that goes thru the ear broke off after only 2 days . i loved the earring before that .
 I had bought these for my daughter . They arrived broken and I sent them back . THANK HEAVENS ! They were huge , gaudy , and extremely cheap looking . Note to self , do not trust jewelry online ! These were truly horrible . The picture is cute and , if they had looked like the picture , I would have been happy . The colors were not true , they looked like costume jewelry from a gumball machine not the quality I expected at all .
 It is just too thin . U do not realize that - until u get it . If u want something small , this is good .
 Very disappointed in this product . They were so tiny you could barely see them . They are made for small girls , not women . I promptly sent them back .
 See for example this one ... J.A. Henckels International Classic Stainless-Steel Meat Cleaver
 i ordered the qlink after reading many favorable on line reviews . i have worn the pendant 24/7 for over five weeks now with no measurable improvement . i am going to keep the pendent even though is has a money back guarantee because i hope it will work some what with a prolonged usage.i would not recomend this to a friend
 People , come ON !! This is totally bogus ... the `` amazing '' thing is made of a zero ohm resistor/circuit , some wire and they are not even connected to each other !! There is no effect coming out of this thing , and for $ 90 , you can buy some fine copper wire and a $ 0.005 zero ohm resistor and , presto ! Wrap around your foolish head ... You will get all of the -LRB- ??? -RRB- benefit , and have $ 89 left over to buy a nice towel to dry off your head after you soak it in the toilet to wake yourself up ! Buy some cheap cayenne pepper capsules and take them regularly , they will actually provide an amazing benefit , and you will not be embarrassed and feel like a total imbecile after ... unless you do not take them orally as recommended !
 Placebo effect . No difference whatsoever , and the manufacturer does n't honor their 90-day return `` guarantee '' ; I actually tried reaching them.Now that I am stuck with this thing , I wear it every other day or so `` for fun '' . For the past 6 months , never had I felt any difference.I agree with other reviewers that you are just getting a piece of copper wire in a plastic box with a shoelace.What 's up with reviews telling us how this little plastic box fixes all their problems ? What 's up with overwhelming number of people marking them as `` helpful '' ? I guess I will just remove my review to let people waste their money in peace .
 I bought this brand new bracelet to give away FREE to my indigent patients . But I was totally disappointed and I ca n't even show it to them , so embarrassing . I ordered 16 pcs . all the clasp were tarnished and the edges of the plate were rough . I guess this is what we pay for cheap price .
 I was very disappointed with this ring . The color of the stones were too yellow making the ring look like a child 's prize from a dispenser .
 I was very unhasppy to see that when this item arrived ... it was for a child NOT an adult . The title should really reflect that ! Plus the color sent was not the color shown ... it shows blue , I got pink . now I am stuck with a bracelet I could not give as a gift and had to rush out at the last minute a few days before Christmas to find something else . Needless to say , I will not be buying again from this seller . It 's not even worth it to return it ... the shipping -LRB- $ 8 -RRB- cost almost as much as the bracelet did plus I 'd have to pay returnh shipping as well . Highly disappointed !!!!
 The peridot bracelet I ordered came and I was very disappointed to find the stones were not at all like the photo . They are very pale and watery looking , hard to see that they were green . The design is wonderful , quality is good and it came promptly , but I am going to return it because I will never be happy with the nearly colorless stones . It came from Peora , SKU sb2864.Flo Philips
 Stones fell out of this ring . The company did replace it for my daughter . I do n't think she kept contacting them each time though . Not good quality , but very pretty .
 I did not receive what is pictured . I received a very , very cheap replica of the photo . It had similar colors only ! It was n't in that shape at all with the circle -- it was a flimsy plain cross in fake plastic . A total , complete fraud -- I literally did not receive the item pictured , but rather a plain cross with the green beads that was very , very cheap .
 Looks worst than the picture . I bought it for an ex and it matches her personality , dull and forever changing .
 Got this in the mail the other day , and as it is a gift for my fiance ' for Valentine 's day , it has not yet been worn . I can tell you it is VERY LIGHTWEIGHT , almost seeming TO BE VERY CHEAPLY MADE PLASTIC . Not sure if I will even give it to him actually . It IS NOT worth the price as it feels to the touch and in weight to be a CRAPPY bubble gum machine tow . That was a surprise . I tried it on my own wrist -LRB- I am a 5 ' 7 150 lb woman -RRB- and while it is a little big on me , of course , I think it MAY actually fit my guy just fine without any adjustments . Will see . But it 's not overly large -LRB- in wrist size , as I saw a reviewer describe . That reviewer was probably a very thin guy . We are athletic and larger people , but not fat by any means . Describing it by my/our sizes . -RRB- I will not buy anymore titanium from this seller , only because I think their so-called titanium is a garbage fake copy . I have my doubts about the metal used . But I do n't think I will return it . I just feel like I should now buy something now that 's actually nice to throw in with the Valentine 's gift . Seems this bracelet should be around 20 bucks . It 's not . It is very shiny in tone , though , and somewhat of an eye catcher , until you touch it . Kindof embarassing . Hope it does n't break after he 's worn it for a couple days . Feels exactly like cheap plastic . Ca n't say without having it reviewed by a jeweler . Too embarassed to take it into a jeweler . Lol . Oh well.P.s . UPDATE
 So the earring is nice and all , but DEFINITELY NOT 4 inches . Mine is 2.5 '' long , which is MUCH smaller than I expected and what I needed . Is it pretty ? Sure . Will I wear it ? Probably not as it 's not as dramatic as I expected . That 1.5 '' that 's missing makes a HUGE difference on the look you 're going for . Quality is good , but really disappointed as I was going after a long earring , not your regular , you can buy anywhere length . Check back , as I 'm posting a picture of it on top of a ruler .
 I purchased this Item at the beginning of the week and it took them 5 days to tell me it is out of stock . Why the item was n't originally listed out of stock is a wonder to me . I would skip this company .
 This Libra pendant was small and very light weight . I returned it because it seemed very juvenile and not what I expected .
 These were cheaply priced and cheaply made . One of the coconut moons fell off the earring hook as I removed it from the shipping container . I 've tried to put it back together for wearing , but the one time I did wear it , the moon fell off again within an hour of putting them on . They are pretty , but probably not worth the price .
 What a piece of junk ... I 've come up with better jewlery putting a quarter in a candy machine ! do nont waste your money .
 I was disappointed with the size of the stone . This ring was a little nothing .
 I wore this on and off for about 2 years , then one day when I woke up , the tanzanite had fallen off . I looked but never been able to find it . One of the prongs was slightly bent . So even though it looked pretty , it 's very flimsy and definitely not worth it . I had to sell it along with a bunch of other gold .
 I know it is a cheap ring but advertisement makes product seem better then it is . . I would not buy this product again
 I was very disappointed when this product came . I opened the box and hated it . The stones are tiny and cloudy . The settings that hold the stones are brighter than the stones themselves . Picture looks great , but does n't look like that when it comes . Also it was very uncomfortable on the sides of my finger , it juts out on the sides .
 The chain is really pretty , but it is way tooo skinny ... the picture makes it look like a thick chain but it is really thin
 I do n't think this chain was even sterling silver . I was so embarassed when I gave it to my aunt as a gift with a s.s. cross on it . The cross stayed silver but the chain turned black ! Never again will I spend a dime with this vendor ! And I bought 2 of them !
 umm ... I ca n't honestly write a review for the bracelet ... But I can write a review about the company . WHY ? Well , I ordered this bracelet almost TWO WEEKS AGO and I still have n't received it . I keep looking at the tracker and it STILL says `` Has been processed in Charlotte , NC . Further updates will show up at the end of the day '' . Something along those lines . Now ... That has been saying that since the 15th . There 's no holiday this week right ? No reason for the delay ... I have ordered 4 or 5 things from amazon few days after I ordered this bracelet , and I have already received those items yesterday ... What is taking so long ? I 'm about to be like forget it , I do n't want it anymore , just give me my money back .
 While the style of the necklace was nice the quality of the silver is poor , very poor and not marked as being silver either which makes me wonder if its silver at all
 THIS IS NOT PURE SILVER I BUY THIS AS A GIFT FOR SOME ONE . THE SILVER TURN BLACK . IN MATTER OFF WEEKS , BUYING THIS YOU WILL END UP FEELING RIP OFF MAKE IT MORE WOST IF IS A GIFT FOR SOME ONE
 I purchased this item for my husband , under '' Men 's Rosary 's Necklace and was so excited to recieve it to give him for christmas . When it arrivedI was in shocked to see it in the smallest pkg ever and then recieved it in a dime bag !! I started crying and told my husband I was sorry , I hoped it would of fit a `` Mens '' neck , now my 10 yrs old daughter wears it . Im so thankful I have a Husband who is forgiving , I waitd to long for this gift and was very disappionted !!! So unless your getting this for a child , `` DONT BUY IT '' !!!!
 A rosary and a necklace are NOT the same thing . It is disrespectful to wear a rosary as a necklace . Rosaries should only be worn on the belt or around the wrist to keep it close for praying , NOT as an ornament . If you are Catholic and you wear it , you should know better and if you are not and you wear it , you should know it sends the wrong message and is offensive . Crosses or crucifixes may be worn around the neck , however , so if you 're looking for something to wear it 's not this product .
 Ordered these as a perfect match to a necklace my husband bought me but when i opened the pkg . I absolutely could not believe how small these are !! I have medium length hair but if I dont pull it up you would never see these teenie tiny earrings hanging from the ear . . very dissapointed !!
 As a jewelry business owner/creator I purchase pieces to check quality and pricing as well as to use in various creations . This particular piece was not described well to know that the back is `` hollow '' , the stone free setting -LRB- the picture does not visually reveal this -RRB- . I likely will not purchase , will be more discriminating and would return future less than satisfactory items as this . It was a bit of a let down from my other buys , for the price .
 It IS beautiful and heavy . However , mine is already broken . I got it not less than a week , and the TINY THIN chain holder -LRB- the small ring on top of the piece that holds the chain -RRB- , for some reason , broke . I got so angry I threw the thing away.It 's not very strong .
 This is the cheapest thing . Looks almost as cheap as those flimsy necklaces that come out of a gumball machine .
 I was very excited to order this pendant after reading the reviews and seeing the photo , however after receiving it , I was quite disappointed . I was expecting a detailed piece that as one reviewer described was gorgeous . Instead , I received a piece that looked well , rather cheap to me , not to mention the swarovski crystal which was no more than the size of a chip . I mean it was truly small . Back it went . Too bad . My search for a well made Goddess pendant continues .
 Design is lovely . Bold with lots of sparkle . The down side is , it 's starting to lose it 's finish . I 've tried cleaning it to no avail . If it gets much worse , it will be time for the garbage can .
 I waited a long time to order this pendant and was disappointed . The gold latch is a little too large and the stone is a very poor piece . It has several different colors and grains going in different directions with different kinds of shines to it . It is not a smooth white piece like the picture .
 I am looking for one of these for my Mom who I care for . We live in a small town ; if she wanders the main information needed on the bracelet is her name and my phone number.I did n't buy this product and this is more intended as a suggestion to the seller . Why not provide an engraving option at a modest cost ? Or make it clear that it can be easily engraved ? Without that it seems of little value .
 I was never given the opportunity to have my father 's name engraved on it so it was useless .
 I like the look of this pendant and the carving is very nice and it 's not to big or small , but the hole that the chain or cord has to go through is very tiny . I could not even fit a small size chain throught it , I had to buy a special bail and clip it on and then thread a chain through the bail . Just a little too much trouble for my taste .
 The item delivered does not look the same as the picture . For the price , the item I received is not what I would have expected . You ca n't even tell they are unicorns . The clasp is completely different . It is not a closing clasp . It is an s shape clasp . I bought this for my 6 year old daughter and wanted the closed clasp so it would not come off or bend . Not the case . I could have done a better job myself .
 These earrings have a pretty design , but the stones were reddish brown , not the deep red that I prefer . I returned them .
 This belly chain is really cute , but it broke the first time I tried to put it on . Also , it was advertised as `` one size fits all '' but it was tiny . I 'm a size 8 with a small waist and I still had to add about 10 inches of additional chain so that it would fit comfortably above my hips .
 Not even worth the 1 star !!! I purchased the Antica Murrina Veneziana Cancun Necklace , Bracelet & Earrings as a Christmas surprise for my sister on NOVEMBER 28th . I received a `` your order has been shipped '' email on NOVEMBER 30th with a tracking numbering . It is now DECEMBER 18th , and I still do not have my purchase !!! When I view UPS to track , it has been stuck in the UPS warehouse since DECEMBER 1st . I have called UPS over a half-dozen times and each person gives me a different answer as to why it 's being held in customs . I finally got tired of doing the leg work and emailed FORZIERI -LRB- the jewelry vendor -RRB- 3 times to see if they had better luck . Someone finally emailed me back on DECEMBER 16th saying they would look into why it 's being held . I have not received anything further from them . At this point I am extremely frustrated and disappointed . This was supposed to be a fun Christmas surprise for my sister who had this jewelry on her wishlist . I ca n't believe the time I 'm spending just to get this package .
 I thought these were the greatest pair of earrings in the world when I received them . They are a perfect size , and not too dressy . I got a pair of these at Christmas , and lost one within a few weeks . I thought it was me . My daughter gave them to me , so I ordered another set to replace the lost one . It has also gone missing in the house twice . I am looking at getting some sort of guard made . The clasp does n't work very well at all .
 The clasp on these earrings are of a very poor quality . The 1st set I received was defective . There are no backs on the earrings because of the circle . The post `` clicks '' into the opposite end of the earring . I got my replacement set quickly and they worked for about 1 week and now they no longer `` click '' and I have already had 1 fall out while at work .
 Nice to be able to get extenders to make necklaces more comfortable to wear . I have a short , chubby neck and most necklaces come too short for me .
 I knew I was n't getting real gold or silver , but I did n't expect for the gold extenders to turn black after only 2 days of wear!Save yourself the trouble and spend the money to get a good quality product .
 These are great for making necklaces longer but they are thick and really does n't look right with finer chains that I have .
 chains are large and when you put on the extender it does move around and you have to always adjust it moving it in the back . It 's also very obvious when you wear it if it turns around i mean unless you are extending it with exactly the same type of chain and size . i return it .
 I wore each one of these extensions once and they tarnished by the end of the night . If you need a brown metal extension this is your products .
 All 6 pieces were very poor quality . I realize the set cost next to nothing but `` you get what you pay for '' holds true once again . The clasps had no springs in them . No way to keep them closed . The first - and only - time I tried to use one , the necklace fell off two times before I could leave the house . The company refunded my money with no problem , but they did manage to get in a dig at my attitude . I was told that `` we have sold hundreds of these sets to satisfied customers '' , so , in essence , what 's wrong with me ? I just do n't like to get ripped off . I found a local jeweler who made extenders for me - at a cost of about $ 10 each , and am much happier .
 I bought 2 sets after reading other 's review . Yes , they arrived timely . The yellow gold looks fake 24K and the silver is tarnish black , also the craftsmanship is poor . When I spoke to the customer service she said the extenders was not to be use with real gold but rather costume jewelry . To return I would loose out on Shipping both ways and the 15 % restocking fee . I bought an extender in the mall at one of those earring/costume jewelry store for $ 5.99 that looks and is made much better , goes perfectly with my white gold chain . Chalk this up to a learning experience .
 These are very poor quality . Ca n't even open two of them . Shipping was $ 4.99 but the stamp on the envelope was $ 0.88 . Do n't waste you time or money on these .
 I purchased the entire offer of the 3 types of length in both silver and gold . I wore the longest silver chain for 4 days and it turned dark gray then it turned green . Same for the longest gold chain . Will not buy from this company again . Do n't make the same mistake .
 Terrible ! I used a gold one on one of my necklaces , it turned blackish green in no time at all . I do n't recommend them .
 I sent this as a gift to Fiona Molloy , directly to her from Amazon . When I asked her about it , she reluctantly said it was not a good quality and may have been all right for a little kid . She spoke reluctantly because she did not want to offend me . Needless to say , I was very disappointed expecially since I spoke with Sophie and she assured me that it was of good quality ; that her price was low because they are wholesalers.So , I learned a sad lessen and lost money in the process!Jeanne Snyder , RSM
 I am so sorry to say that these were a disaster.Every one broke immediately.I have no desire to be mean , but really , an inferior product . It arrived on time but I am disappointed with the product .
 I ordered this because it was in gold and silver tone , it came today in silver tone only . I have 2 of each size in silver tone .
 I was so excited when I got these , but they did not perform well . While it made my necklace the perfect length , after one day of wear the `` gold '' wore off and it turned an ugly dark color . Now I ca n't wear the necklace unless I have a collar on . I am now looking for an actual gold extender .
 Was looking for a chain extender for my chain necklace . These were to flimsy and they were n't a close enough match .
 I think these extenders are just OK , considering the price point . I 've had them for a little less than a week now & have been using the 4 '' gold extender almost daily . The `` gold '' turned a very dark brass color after approximately 2 days of use . Also , these are quite large chains . They 're a lot bigger than your average pendant chain so if your necklace gets turned around on your neck , the extender will be very obvious . I took a picture to show the discoloration & size , but this particular product or vendor does n't seem to allow for customers to share their photos . Red flag.I like the size options included in this set , but you 'll have to wear these with your hair down or a collared shirt to hide the discoloration and/or large size .
 I have 2 necklaces that I bought on Etsy that were a little short so I bought this set to make them a little longer . I put the 2 '' -LRB- gold -RRB- extension on and it looked great , but an hour later I felt my neck and the necklace was gone ! Thankfully I ended up finding it , but when I looked at it closely I could see that the clasp on the extender did n't close fully and the eye of the necklace chain slipped off the extender . I would rather wear the necklaces too short than risk losing them all together again .
 I wore one of the gold-tone extenders for less than one week before it turned orange , then black from tarnish . I soaked it in some jewelry cleaner for about 3 minutes , which did n't really help . Then I put it in my ultrasonic cleaner for about 90 seconds , and ALL of the gold color came off , revealing the copper & steel links beneath . I have n't tried any of the silver colored ones yet , but I 'd expect the same outcome.Don ' t waste your money . Cheap ai n't worth it if they do n't even last one week !
 I purchased this item as a gift for my wife , and was quite disappointed.Despite the item 's description , the pearls were all irregular and not well matched . They were also dull in appearance and had very visible flaws.Admittedly , at this price point , you 're not going to have a perfect strand of pearls . However , a side-by-side comparison with the14k Yellow Gold Akoya Cultured Pearl 6.5-7mm Necklace and Stud Earring Setshowed that the Akoya set had pearls that were all round or near-round , very well matched , and were not noticeably smaller than this necklace . Not to mention the price was about the same , and you get matching earrings .
 I purchased 2 different types of polishing cloths.One I could test because I got the delivery . The product does not last very long ; it works very well for 3 o 4 polishings.The other polishing cloth which I should have received from Something Silver , did not arrive because UPS had problems on the way . TO my understanding SS did not handle the problem as I would have expected .
 These earrings are gorgeous . But I only go to wear them for a day because they fell out somewhere along the way .
 i got this because my girl loved it . when it came in the rings were two different sizes and stones were loose . when it came back they were the right size but the stones were loose on both sets . it only took one week for stones to start falling off and my girl hardly even wore it . i would not recomend this product to anyone . very disappointed.A YEAR LATER AND EVERY STONE IS LOOSE AND 4 HAVE FALLEN OUT !!!!! WIFE HAS ONLY WORN IT TOTAL 2 WEEKS !!!!
 I wanted two weeks before I received the ring . The Ring is rather pretty . But the waiting is too long a time . Hope it could be faster next time !
 I wanted two weeks before I received the ring . The Ring is rather pretty . But the waiting is too long a time . Hope it could be faster next time !
 I wanted two weeks before I received the ring . The Ring is rather pretty . But the waiting is too long a time . Hope it could be faster next time !
 I wanted two weeks before I received the ring . The Ring is rather pretty . But the waiting is too long a time . Hope it could be faster next time !
 I wanted two weeks before I received the ring . The Ring is rather pretty . But the waiting is too long a time . Hope it could be faster next time !
 I was disappointed with the size of the stone . This ring was a little nothing .
 Well the ring in the picture looked alot bigger than it was , way bigger . So am returning it because it was a gift for my wife and she could bairly see the diamonds in the ring .
 I wore this on and off for about 2 years , then one day when I woke up , the tanzanite had fallen off . I looked but never been able to find it . One of the prongs was slightly bent . So even though it looked pretty , it 's very flimsy and definitely not worth it . I had to sell it along with a bunch of other gold .
 Very cheap earrings , bends like aluminum would not recommend them to anyone . Was expecting more than cracker jack box quality .
 I bought this heart shaped pendant with a chain for a Valentine 's Day gift for one of my daughters who attends college out of town . I thought it would be something she could keep as a remembrance , rather than the usual card and stuffed animal . Well when I finally saw it in person , I was appalled at how small and insignificant it was . It also has a somewhat `` plastic '' quality to it . If you want to buy something as a memorable gift , do n't buy this !
 I had this maybe two weeks before it broke . Junk . Thin week bands make for bad puzzle pieces . This thing will not stand up to daily wear for long .
 I ordered this ring for my daughter . It arrived severely tarnished . Because it was an inexpensive ring it did n't make sense to pay for shipping to send it back . We took the ring apart and used some silver polish on it . The tarnish came off but but so did silver coating also the ring is impossible to put back together . The instructions are n't for this ring in particular and are n't very clear . Not to mention how flimsy the metal is . Not a good buy .
 I ordered this ring and wore it a few times and it got all tarnished ! So it is not Stainless Steel , and it wasnt worth sending it back ! dont waste your money !!!
 I bought this ring for my girlfriend and 2 months later it completely fell apart . The bands on the ring actually broke apart and piece by piece the ring crumbled . Poor quality , I am not sure if it relates the thin bands that construct the puzzle ring , or the fragile nature of the metal . I wish I had my 25 bucks back .
 Well atleast the package came quickly , cause the ring is horrible . I took it apart to see if I could put it back together , and what do I see , but the entire inside of the ring is tarnished . I used jewelery polish , and still could n't get the ring to a silver look . Oh , and one of the bands snapped when I tried to put it back together for the first time . I contacted the seller , and am trying to get a refund . Hopefully their service is better than their products .
 I bought this ring for my fiance , since i have one , and it 's a terrible ring . We got it apart , and then ... have not been able to get it back together , it 's been over a month now , we went online to get the directions , that did n't help either . Plus , the ring is so cheap , it warmed up with the effort from our hands and bent out of shape . It is cheap and completely useless .
 Someone , please help me !! I have tried all the online help videos and guides and such , and I still can not figure out how to put this blasted ring together again ! PLEASE HELP !
 returned the item due to recieving white gold instead of yellow gold nd never got my new charm or a refund .
 I wanted two weeks before I received the ring . The Ring is rather pretty . But the waiting is too long a time . Hope it could be faster next time !
 I wanted two weeks before I received the ring . The Ring is rather pretty . But the waiting is too long a time . Hope it could be faster next time !
 I wanted two weeks before I received the ring . The Ring is rather pretty . But the waiting is too long a time . Hope it could be faster next time !
 i loved this product at first , it was the perfect length chain though the dog tag charm appears much larger than it really is in real life . i also loved the how it could wrap around your neck twice ... but when it arrived that was also not the case . but even that i could deal with - the freaking thing broke the very first night i wore it ... the clasp , which was not a lobster clasp as advertised but the traditional army style clasp , fell off completely like i mean it just all broke ... do not purchase from this vendor ever again
 I bought these earrings to match the beautiful ring . I do n't know what the problem was but the fit was horrible . They did n't hang right no matter what I tried . I even tried putting them on upside-down . The overall look was ridiculous ! I am very disappointed and will have to try and find another pair of earrings that will come close to matching the ring . Palm Beach jewelry is usually gorgeous and well-made so I have no idea what happened to these .
 I wanted two weeks before I received the ring . The Ring is rather pretty . But the waiting is too long a time . Hope it could be faster next time !
 Daughter received this as a Christmas gift . She pulled it out of the little bag and started to flatten it out when it crumbled in her hands . Excellent customer service to get refund though and rep aplolgetic and stated would contact manufacturer about the problem .
 This necklace arrived broken , but I did not have time to return it for a new one -LRB- it was for a Halloween costume -RRB- . It served it 's purpose , but definitely is not a well made product .
 This bracelet is not worth it !! I usually never leave comments , but when i saw the price for such a simple bracelet i had to say my opinion!If it actually took talent to make this bracelet , then yea i would say you should pay 40 bucks for it . But it doesnt ! All it is , is random colorful beads through wire , there is no weaving or color scheme to this at all . Those beads are even cheap . I make bracelets all the time and i actually use a pattern and have to weave through to make a beautiful work of art . Please if you want something like this just go to a bead store and buy what you need there ! It will save you $ 10 and you can make it your own !!
 Trinket that is worthless . Looks like a plastic trinket that should go for 99 cents . Useless product . I am disappointed .
 I bought this bracelet for my over 50 sister , who loves a little bling , and Swarovski crystals are sparkly and beautiful . I was so disappointed to open the box and find a bracelet full of plastic beads ! Very fashionable for a teen or young adult , but not at all what I 'd expect for an older , more mature , adult .
 The silver on these is not a woven Celtic silver knot . The silver is die cut , thin , almost foil thin . The silver is poorly worked to make it look as though it is a knot , but there are many rough spots . the welding of the know to the stone setting is uneven . And caution , because it does n't jump out at you from the product description , the stones are synthetic.The metal is stamped 925 -LRB- for sterling , but the workmanship is so bad I question whether this stamp is accurate -RRB- . The ear wires are also stamped 925 . Product is labeled `` Made in Thailand . ''
 Yes I know it is only $ 20 for these earings but I 've bought much cheaper earings that are better quailty then these . I 'm extremely disapointed with them . The stone does n't shine as much as I wished and the metal feels almost plastic . It saddens me greatly that I bought them and they are like this . Perhaps if there were more pictures of the product then I 'd be happier but this item is not even worth the $ 20 plus s & h.
 I was stunned to see how cheaply made this product was . very light weight , almost has a plastic feel to it , no sparkle in the silver or gem , and I could easily bend the earring using little force . In all honestly , it looks straight from a 25 cent machine . Buyer Definitely beware . i returned immediately
 Earrings pretty to look at but very light . A good price did n't matter since I lost one the first time I wore them . Earrings this light should have backs to keep secure . I complained to vendor and got no reply , not even an an acknowledgement or apology .
 These looked nice on-line but in reality , they look very cheap . Bought them for my wife for Christmas but returned them immediately .
 I love the earrings but one of my stones is noticeably smaller than the other . I do n't wear them much because of it . Wish I could buy one earring in hopes of matching a pair .
 These earrings look great in the picture but , when I got them they where very cheap looking . Lucky they where a gift and the person did not mind but , BEWARE these earrings are cheap looking .
 Poor communication from seller . Picture has been altered and does not truly reflect the actual earings . Did n't expect too much when ordering these but was severely disappointed . Overpriced for what you get .
 Looked like a very nice pair of earrings online , but seemed plastic-like in nature once received . I was embarrassed to give them as a gift but it was too late to replace them .
 My teenage son ordered these for his mother and sister for Christmas ... what a disappointment they are cheaply made ... came bent . Returning immediately . Buyer beware on this one .
 Just like the other piece of jewelry from this person ... the stones look like cut plastic when I received them . Very unhappy with them . I requested a full refund including shipping to me AND the shipping/insurance I paid to ship them back to her . I did NOT get any of the shipping refunded to my credit card yet . I am disputing the shipping charges at this time .
 i liked them but they were not what i thought i was going to get . very cheap looking
 i thought i was getting the sat of 36 studs you offer ... bummer . its not worth returning at 498 on a 6.99 dollar item ...
 This thing fell apart within the first week , and since then , I 've had to remove it , because the ring keeps getting caught on all my clothing and ripping it . Poorly designed . Not the first negative experience I 've had with this company , but it will be the last .
 This ring is a piece of garbage bought it wore it 3 times and had it for 3 months and all the stones are falling out and the seller will do nothing about it so do not buy this item and do not buy from this seller
 The gold is nickel free , but this nose ring was made for a nostril at least twice as thick as mine . Additionally , the citrine is irradiated -LRB- it 's brown , not yellow -RRB- . If I ever want to wear it , I 'll have to get out my jeweler 's pliers and remake it entirely , I ca n't imagine a nose this would fit .
 This was a very pretty ring but a few of the stones are loose . I feel that it should have been checked by the seller before sending it out .
 O.K. this is my second try doing the review for this item . When I bought this item in November the cost was only $ 9.99 . It says Sterling Silver -LRB- I wear sterling silver jewelry all the time so I thought nothing of it -RRB- and began to wear it the day I got the ring in it 's little white box . I took it off when I got home-before washing dishes , sleeping , showering etc. then wore it the following day to work . It turned my finger green after wearing it for only 4 hours . Someone told me to put clear nailpolish on it but why should I have to do that if it 's genuine sterling silver like all my other rings that do n't turn my finger green ? It 's pretty , thats for sure but I ca n't wear it too long due to the green factor . I would n't pay more than the $ 15 bucks -LRB- shipping and handling along with the price tag -RRB- I ended up paying for it .
 The seller needs to include the dimensions of the ring . Because it 's tilted you can not tell what the size of the ring -- there must be different views .
 The picture looks better than the product . There are only 5 sides . The sides are not even square , being about 4mm x 5mm . On regulation dice , the sum of opposite sides is supposed to be `` 7 '' , but the 5 is opposite the 3 and the 4 is opposite the 2 . The 6 is opposite nothing , as the `` 1 '' side is open . The presentation was very nice , a velvet drawstring bag within a gift box . With the cost of gold being what it is , this probably the best they can do for the price . Maybe you should buy a magnifier to go with it .
 I was very disappointed with this item . This is clearly a returned item and packed with a broken box . This is a prestige item and is a gift . I paid full price but got a used item . Go buy direct from Waterford you pay full price and get brand new stuff.Too late to return as this is a Christmas present for my wife . I have to tell my wife I got it from Amazon.com . Shame on you Amazon !
 I wore this on and off for about 2 years , then one day when I woke up , the tanzanite had fallen off . I looked but never been able to find it . One of the prongs was slightly bent . So even though it looked pretty , it 's very flimsy and definitely not worth it . I had to sell it along with a bunch of other gold .
 This charm is small and beautiful ... the hook on the charm broke after 1 week ... considering the price I was shocked at the small size and the fact that it broke so quickly ... BUT I will not return this product because I do love it despite the downfalls
 The color of these earrings is very light gray not as dark as picture . Very disappointed .
 they are good but the real color looks nothing like the picture its a clear gray so if you want them because they are dark dont buy them
 I read all these nice reviews and had a good impression of these earrings . I should NEVER have bought these !! They look NOTHING like the picture . If you get these earrings you will be setting yourself up to be disappointed . They look cheap and tacky , like something you pay 25 cents for out of a gum ball machine .
 Okay , I may be picky , but these earrings are just too thin ! I get the idea of delicate , sparkly things , but these do n't look so much delicate as they do insubstantial . They are pretty and sparkly , but the crystal looks like all I could afford was a thin slice . The picture also makes the crystals appear blue-ish , but mine are more of a yellow-ish tint . Not what I expected .
 Light weight , very cheap . I was underwhelmed . They are NOT sterling silver , only plated . Have already started to bother my ears . Never buying earrings from Amazon again .
 I have some genuine Swarovski earrings that a friend who is a jewelry maker gave to me . These look like glass in comparison . They do not pick up or reflect any colors whatsoever . The facets all line up , but they are definitely NOT the real thing .
 It is little Less than OK . Rating 2 is most appropriate for this kind of product .
 I was mislead by the Swarovski name these are not Swarovski standard . I also planned on giving them as a gift but have decided I would be embarrassed to do so.The earring actually fell apart when I removed it from the bag .
 I do not like these earrings . The earrings are not clear . The color is a very odd shade of yellowishgold . Not Sensational Clear Crystal earrings !
 They lost their luster soon after purchasing them and the size is a little too big . I never wear them anymore .
 These arrived &#34; stone only &#34; and no lever back fitting attached . I contacted Gem Avenue first who told me I had to contact Amazon . I did and they promptly issued a refund . I was disappointed since the stone was pretty . They would have made a pretty , dainty earring .
 I ordered these earings thinking I was getting a traditional aurora boreales look in swarovski crystal earings , instead they have a golden finish on the back and they only glimmer golden lights . Not what I was looking for and not as pictured . The picture shows all the hues of the traditional aurora boreales crystal . Sending them back .
 I bought these earrings along with the pair for my daughter -LRB- SCER168 Butterfly Lavender Swarovski Crystal Sterling Silver 1 '' Long Post Drop Earrings -RRB- because it says they are Swarovski . But when I received them , they look cheap and I really doubt that they are authentic Swarovski . Kind of felt being cheated . If the seller can approve they are authentic , I am willing to take back this review .
 Expected these to be blue in color , they are yellow . Look like they came from a gumball machine .
 I was really disappointed in these earrings . I bought two pairs for gifts and now I do n't even know if I should give them . They are so yellow looking and seem cheap . I am regretting my purchase .
 The earrings looked so pretty in the picture . In real life , they look cheap . They look like plastic , not like crystal . Very disappointed .
 Product shipped via US postal service ; earring was not received . Contacted seller product was shipped with just notice of delivery per postal service earrings were deliver , which means that they were put in my mail box . I have never had anything stolen before . but when i emailed Gem Avenue , I was given tracking number and told to contact postal service . I was told by the postal service that earrings was not sent insured , so that I could not file a claim with them and that will delivery only once it was put in the mail box there was nothing they could do for me . Gem Avenue was not interested in helping me from the first time I contacted them . The first reply from Gem Avenue - The tracking number for this order is 9101148008600468747244 . Please contact your local post office regarding this issue . The second reply from Gem Avenue - Item was never received ; postal service shows that it was delivered . Please file claim with postal service . Please think twice before buying from this company .
 THE EARRINGS ARE VERY PRETTY AND I LOVED THE SIZE . HOWEVER , I WAS TRYING TO MATCH THEM TO A NECKLACE . THESE HAD A ORANGY TONE TO THEM AND WOULD NOT MATCH . HAD TO SEND THEM BACK .
 Was the wrong color I had imagined from site ... it was yellow and i had invisioned more clear crystal color . Could be in the description and I did not read correcrly .
 It had a yellow tint to it that I was n't expecting . Also looks a little cheap . Probably wo n't wear it much .
 I opened the box and was very disappointed . These earrings look VERY cheap . I did purchase other swarovski crystal earrings and they look nice ... . go with ones with multiple crystals -LRB- the single crystal looks too cheap and ugly -RRB-
 The picture shown does not come close to what arrived in the mail today . I must admit that I was n't expecting too much when I ordered these earrings for my wife , based on the price . But I would n't have paid more than $ 5 for the earrings that came in the mail if I saw them at a store . The first thing I noticed was how the Opal lacked the iridescent play of color they are known for . The second thing I noticed was the color of the silver ; slightly brown . It does not look like sterling silver ; it resembles silver I 've seen from mines in Mexico that cause discoloration on the skin . I 'll have to check the silver , and I 'll be taking a closer look at the ` opal ' to see if it is n't really Slocum Stone . The only reason I gave it a 2 is the price and somewhat quick delivery .
 Bought these for my 8 year old for Christmas . She loved them but they are cheap & bent at the front bottom part of heart causing her hair to snagged in them . Very disappointing .
 I returned these as they were not what I expected . They were entirely too small .
 Upon receipt , I was very disappointed with the quality for the price . In my opinion , it looks like it came from a .25 vending machine . Sent it back .
 The chain was very thin and fragile . The locket , itself , stopped closing properly within 3 days . I plan to send it back for a refund . Pretty , but piece of junk .
 Looks nothing like the picture - overpriced . I do n't recommend this product to anyone - It looks like stones in the picture - but look like plastic in real life . I 'm very dissapointed .
 After hours of searching for a basic , clean ring , I found this and thought it would look beautiful on my hand.When I received it , it was not the right size . This may or may not have been the jewelers fault , who claimed the ring I tried on was a size 5 . The settings were also twisted , making the Zirconia itself look bent and shifted to the right.I will be sending this back.Update
 This is a very cheap looking ring . The band may be 3mm wide , by it 's less than .10 mm thick . It is bent more oval than round , and the stone setting looks to have been welding on by a child . I wanted to wear this as an alternative to my wedding band , but the stone is so small . It 's supposed to be 1 carat , but it looks smaller than my .80 carat solitare.I am sad about this ring , and I think I may return it . I will purchase something from QVC instead .
 I purchased this pearl necklace reading the reviews thinking it would be a good birthday gift for my wife . I spent 10 minutes trying to untangle the web of knots the necklace came in . I then noticed the way they attached the pearl to the necklace was very poor . You can see an outline of glue all the way around the piece that holds the pearl . In addition there was an obviously glob of glue that was streaking down the side of the pearl that someone tried to wipe up but did n't . It was very visible .
 I do n't know if I was delirious or just desperate when I purchased this . It was the Wednesday before Mother 's Day and I was out of ideas -LRB- that 's my only excuse -RRB- . In any event , what I received was not nearly as attractive as the picture -LRB- and , now that I look at the picture again , it does n't look so great there either -RRB- . I am in the process of returning this now . I ended up giving my mother cash out of desperation -LRB- how tacky ! -RRB- . I 've purchased a couple of rings through Amazon and was very pleased but , I would hesitate before buying another necklace . It is too difficult to tell the size and some necklaces -LRB- like this one -RRB- do not give the measurements of the pendant -LRB- and the chain was extremely flimsy -RRB- . At the same time as this purchase , I also bought my sisters a `` Mom '' necklace -LRB- not this same one ; a silver filigree mess that was just that ; a mess . -RRB- The pendant was way larger than I expected and the chain was shorter -LRB- and , again , very flimsy -RRB- .
 I bought this for Mother 's day , I think . My mom had to stop wearing it after a while because the clasp kept snagging on to the bed sheets or blanket and started getting loose . She changed the clasp and it worked better . My mom liked it and that 's all that matters but she has n't worn in a while . So maybe not as good as advertised .
 there product was very cheap and it broke at the time my wife but it around her neck so i have nothing good to say about this company . thank youmr . carter
 Looked like something you would buy at the dollar store . Boxing was extremely cheap looking and the clasp was not as shown in pic of product . Would not recommend this purchase .
 When i bought this i thought it would have been much bigger , but to be honest my girl really like it so i guess thats all that matters
 I bought this necklace because my girlfriend likes smaller , not-guaudy jewelery . I thought that this may fit the bill . In the photos , it shines , and the scale is slightly ambiguous.When it arrived , it was dingy and smaller than I expected . On top of that , the diamonds are low quality -LRB- I knew that they would not be great with an I color rating and I2 clarity , but COME-ON MAN ! -RRB- . I am going to try to shine this up with some kind of cleaner , and hope it shines up a bit .
 This item is very deceiving . It measures about a quarter of an inch and the diamonds need to be viewed with a magnifying glass !! The chain is absolute junk . The item came boxed as most necklaces do , but the chain was hopelessly knotted in three places . I ended up breaking it , which was very easy to do with my bare hands , and spending another $ 60 to buy a decent chain . DO NOT BUY THIS NECKLACE . You will be very disappointed .
 The item is smaller than I anticipated but would have been acceptable had the pendant been colored similar to the picture . The intended recipiant does not wear yellow gold and I can not tell the difference between its color and yellow gold . It 's definitely NOT ROSE gold.When I ordered this item , I shopped a number of web sites and found rose gold earrings which could be worn with a rose gold pendant . The earrings I received were rose gold but do not match the Yellow pendant .
 Its very small and the chain is very thin the picture makes it look way bigger than it really is .
 Looks great in the pictures but not when you get it . Aside from the flimsy cheap chain that everyone is complaining about , the pendant is complete crap . It looks like it was stamped out of sheet metal and the back is completely hollow and greyish black . Looks like crap when it gets turned over . My girlfriend pretended to like it , threw out the box and has n't worn it since Christmas . 55 days and counting ...
 I bought a lovely necklace that Amazon featured this set of earrings as well as a bracelet with as a `` buy together for '' deal . I was SO incredibly disappointed with these earrings ! These were described as 4-5 mm , and the length 1.75 '' . The image alone is deceiving . The actual `` pearl '' portion is only 1 '' long -LRB- see images I uploaded -RRB- . If the seller had featured a picture of them being worn , I would have seen the pearls & overall earrings were much smaller . My husband , an engineer , measured the pearls with a caliper and found they were 3 mm at best , only 2 were 4 mm . The freshwater pearl necklace -LRB- from a different seller -RRB- looks NOTHING like these earrings and together look mismatched so I gave the earrings to my teenage daughter . For a 16 year old , these are fine , but I would n't rate these earrings better than any fake set you could buy at Claire 's . I think I 'm done purchasing jewelry on Amazon.com unless they start requiring sellers to post more images , especially of the item worn .
 After finally locating these earrings in their little blue pouch , I felt like I had been played for a fool . Some things should not even be sold unless an absolutely full disclosure is made in describing them , without using typical marketing euphemisms such as `` dainty '' . These earrings resembled tiny flecks of aluminum foil . I really felt hurt and insulted that anyone would claim that their value was so high and that the reduced price was a mere $ 119.99 . And when you hear the word `` diamond '' and pay over $ 100.00 for a pair of earrings , do n't you think you should at least have them arrive in a pretty velvet box ? Regardless of the product desciption of the packaging , I know I deserve better for my money , and the tiny pouch only added insult to injury . Please do n't buy these , unless you are prepared to be very disappointed .
 its a nice ring , but the pearl keeps popping off , i had it glued back on but it does n't stay and i 've only had this ring for about 5 months , very disappointing
 I received the earrings in a timely manner , but the clasps did not close and they were not good quality . Even the silver seemed low caliber .
 its a nice ring , but the pearl keeps popping off , i had it glued back on but it does n't stay and i 've only had this ring for about 5 months , very disappointing
 its a nice ring , but the pearl keeps popping off , i had it glued back on but it does n't stay and i 've only had this ring for about 5 months , very disappointing
 its a nice ring , but the pearl keeps popping off , i had it glued back on but it does n't stay and i 've only had this ring for about 5 months , very disappointing
 its a nice ring , but the pearl keeps popping off , i had it glued back on but it does n't stay and i 've only had this ring for about 5 months , very disappointing
 Needed exchange and vendor never replied or exchanged . Terrible service , would never ever use again .
 It turned a funny color and then broke in the middle ... Bad Choice ...
 I review this item , i check out the pro 's and the con 's . I should of listening to the con 's more . I 'm very dissatisfied with this ring . The only reason I 'm keeping it because I hate to order items and return them . The ring is very small . I order two heart shaped rings , and I love the cheaper one better than i liked the 14K two-tone diamond heart ring . I hope no one else order this ring looking for a good deal , because it 's not . I gave it a two-star because for the money I paid for the ring , and it fits perfect , I will keep it . For two hundred bucks I was expecting a little more . Sorry about the bad review , but I tell it like it is .
 Despite the fact that the jet faceted beads are nice and the bracelet is well made , the silver tone beads are antiqued and not as bright as I would have liked . If you like that antique look you will like this bracelet .
 This actually looks real nice on the website . I ordered it for my wife last Christmas . When I received it , I was dissapointed at its quality . It was n't worth the shipping charge -LRB- free -RRB- . I decided to give it to my girlfriend instead .
 Back broke off about a month after I bought them . Guess I should have known the price was tt good to be true .
 I 've had this product for less than a year , it is not the best quality and has tarnished . The chain is microscopic and not worth $ 35 . I would not recommend it .
 I ordered this `` rope chain '' as a gift and what I got was more like a `` string '' chain . It feels like a cheap dime store trinket and it was so embarrasingly small that I went to a jewelry store and bought something that was much better for a slightly higher price . I would n't recommend this item at all unless you want to order it for someone you do n't like .
 It broke after wearing it for one day.It Was thinner than I thought it would be . I will be seeking a refund
 I recieved this chain on Wednesday , by Monday it was broken . It is a nice looking chain , but I was worried about the quality as soon as I took it out of the pouch it came in . Sending it back and looking for something different .
 This chain is much smaller than I thought it would be . It was too small and feminine for a man . Also , the clasp is very hard to open . I was dissappointed in this chain .
 good service , but disappointed in size of product . smaller than what I thought chain would be from measurement and picture .
 I ordered this chain and when I received the package it was a cheap looking link chain . Took forever to get the matter taken care of and when I returned it and went to re-order the item it was at a higher price .
 I have been shopping on amazon for about 3 years and i was shocked when i opened the box . . The pouch was inside a plastic bag and as soon as i picked it i felt wierd ... I was wondering why am i not feeling the chain , in complete disbelief i open the plastic bag and pull the pouch out ... It was EMPTY . . I am in total shock this happened , since i was really looking forward to this chain ... I called amazon right away and since it was fulfilled by them , i was issued a refund which is a good thing . . However i can not wrap my head around the fact that someone acttually sent me a empty F *** ing pouch . .
 Purchased this chain for my 16 year old son . It broke with-in the month . It cost me almost $ 20 to repair . Pay the extra for a box chain .
 I received a empty package with just a blue pouch ! What kind of business is this !! They still have n't returned my emails to resolve the problem !!
 This chain is pretty , but the clasp makes it not worth the money or effort . My fingers do not have the nimbleness needed to use this rather tiny clasp . Forget about purchasing the product , it 's not worth the problems associated with the clasp .
 This bracelet was terrible . I sent it back immediately . Low quality . Lightweight . Light color . Overall disappointment .
 i just got mine and i m gon na reture it , it 's sooooo big -LRB- larger than 1 dollar coin -RRB- and the silver chain is about 20 inch long . i will share pics later .
 The ring was pretty good at first , but then it got all these scratches . The shininess went away easily .
 I found the cut of this bracelet to make it look cheap/tacky .
 I ORDERED THIS RING AND RECEIVED SOMETHING TOTALLY DIFFERENT.OF COURSE I RETURNED IT AND GUESS WHAT . AMAZON SAID IT WAS NOT THEIR PRODUCT AND REFUSED TO REFUND MY MONEY.THEY SAID THEY INSPECT ALL PRODUCTS BEFORE SHIPMENT YET A FEW DAYS LATER I PURCHASED A CAMERA AND AGAIN I RECEIVED A TOTALLY DIFFERENT CAMERA FROM WHAT I ORDERED.SOMETHING CHEAPER OF COURSE . BUYER BEWARE.ACTURALLY NO STARS FOR WHAT I RECEIVED .
 My fiance and i were looking for a wedding band for me and since we were on a tight budget and didnt have much time because our wedding was in 3 weeks we had gone to jewelry stores in our area and tried on rings with the same color and clarity as this ring to make sure that we knew what we were ordering . Well let me tell you I just received this ring today and it is HORRIBLE ! You cant see through any of the diamonds because they are are not I2/I3 these are ALL I3 diamonds and the worst possible I3 they could get their hands on ! The color is NOT J/K they are like O/P again the worst ones they could get their hands on ! The J/K I2/I3 rings I had tried on at the jewelry stores were really nice looking and you could still see through the diamonds and they werent yellow !!! Dont waist your time just go for a higher quality diamond . I am now stuck 1 week before my wedding without a wedding band because a company doesnt do quality control on their items and just takes peoples money thinking the general consumer doe3snt know any better . Pathetic ! At least Amazon is being kind enough to try and get my replacement in on time before the wedding . Lets just hope it works or else I wont be getting a ring placed on my finger at the altar . = -LRB-
 I think it was a little to small and dark . Pick on that is a littlemore happy and chain is n't good . I gave it to my sister .
 Much smaller than expected . Chain is dainty.Not appropriate for a guy . A bigger medaland heftier chain is what I was looking for .
 Do n't waste your money . These earrings are garbage . They do n't look like the picture ; the stones have no dimension . In fact , they look so flat that when I wore them , someone asked if I was wearing earrings or stickers on my ears ! I do n't have to worry about that anymore , though , because they BROKE ON THE FIRST DAY I wore them ! The stone just fell out of the setting !
 i find the engraved text too small , smaller than visualized in the image showncuff is also not so good since it is not adjustable to wrist size . perhaps a bracelet type would be better ...
 I have to say i was very disapointed with this necklace.It looks really pretty in the picture and i purchased this hoping to wear it to a marine corps ball.When i recieved my package i opened it up to find that it was just a pendant there was no chain for it.The aligment of the pendant was off to it was crooked and was not what i was expecting .
 I paid $ 4.50 for the earrings and that is exactly what they are worth . I was looking for anything ruby shaped like a heart and I did not have much to choose from . I was hoping even though these were priced very low that they would be a little bit better quality but like I said , I got what I paid for so I guess it is okay .
 disappointing . overly shiny and is adjustable -- that may be in the description , but i did n't see it . And though i decided to return the ring , Amazon 's return policy made it extremely easy , and best of all -- return shipping is free ! Thank you , Amazon , you rock !!
 This necklace actually uses a lot of materials , but it is way too much for someone as petite as I am . It occupied too much area and it looked cheap .
 the ring its self is nice.but the thing that confuses is me is why these rings are sized 10 or 9 or lower . i got the biggest size to be safe -LRB- 9 i think -RRB- , and the stupid ring looked like it could barley fit a 5 year old . its as if they expect you to have skeleton sized fingers.theres no way the ring was a size nine if so then a size fize according to this ring is the radius of a pencil
 The picture of this ring makes it look much thicker like that of a comfort fit band . It is not that thick . The 14k was not very yellow , I think I 'd prefer and 18k . I returned it .
 The picture of this ring makes it look much thicker like that of a comfort fit band . It is not that thick . The 14k was not very yellow , I think I 'd prefer and 18k . I returned it .
 The string to the eye patch broke by the end of the night and the earring kept falling off . It looked cheap too .
 The picture of this ring makes it look much thicker like that of a comfort fit band . It is not that thick . The 14k was not very yellow , I think I 'd prefer and 18k . I returned it .
 The picture of this ring makes it look much thicker like that of a comfort fit band . It is not that thick . The 14k was not very yellow , I think I 'd prefer and 18k . I returned it .
 The picture of this ring makes it look much thicker like that of a comfort fit band . It is not that thick . The 14k was not very yellow , I think I 'd prefer and 18k . I returned it .
 Not a happy customer . Looks much better in the picture . This looks like something I will let my 4yr old daughter play with . Normally I go for the real thing and pay the expensive price and be happy . The first and last time I will ever decide to take the cheap way out . The braclet looks like some plastic sliver balls thats on a plastic string with the clap waiting to break and any given moment . . What I paid for just the shipping should have been the price for the braclet . Never again !!!
 I purchased these for my daughter . The finish came off and we had to discard them . I realize they were n't expensive , but I certainly expected them to last longer than a few weeks .
 These were too small and quickly lost their luster . The detailing was pretty but they were absolutely too small . Maybe they 'd work for children but I believe not for adults . Also , the post broke on one of them and the only way to repair was to take to jeweler . Not worth the expense !
 These are super cute , but when my daughter wore them the back fell off and she lost one earing . She is really disappointed .
 One of the stones was missing . I was disappointed , however the return policy states , `` You can not return any body jury '' . Therefore , now I have to keep it . -LRB- Very disappointed , and a waste of my money
 I ordered this for my daughters 16th birthday . It is described as 1 inch which would have been the perfect size . However , it is not 1 inch but almost 3/4 of an inch . It is less than 1/2 inch wide even though it is described as 1 inch wide . It looks like something for a small child . I have learned my lesson and will never order from this company again . My daughter has a lot of health concerns and this was supposed to be a special gift for her . This is my most disappointing order of this holiday season . Glad I did not order the chain from this company !!!
 I still think it is adorable and that is why I bought it , but I put it in and it was extremely sharp on the rose petals . By the next day , It had cut into my skin and every time that I sat down it caused great pain . By the time I went to take it out two days later the red on the rose had begun to fade and was staining my skin . Overall , not a good experience .
 I am not an expert on pearls , but the chain is extremely flimsy and the clasp snapped on first use . Stay away from this one ...
 The fresh water pearl bracelet was a great deal but is very thin in person . I would recommend buying it as a first bracelet for a lil girl .
 As a previous customer of Silver Speck I purchased 3 sets of 4 mm cultural pearls and a Genuine Amethyst Peridot Citrine Crystal Chip Bracelet . I have been so pleased with my earlier orders I was not suprised that the chip bracelet was stunning and loved by my daughter on her birthday.It was then with much suprised to find the cultured pearls were 2mm not 4mm as advertised . I wrote to Silver Speck and received a reply from Brenda that the pearls were 4mm but if I was unhappy that I could return them and my account would be credited with in 5-10 days.I wrote back that the time involved and cost of mailing was not worth the cost and that they indeed were 2mm and sent a photo of the pearls next to a set of 4 mm pearls laid on a metric ruler.She replied the same as before.I see no reason why they should not pay for the shipping as it was their -LRB- error ? -RRB- mistake.It is a sad way to end an business relationship .
 I saw the beautiful earrings on the net and decided to buy them , along with some other stuff . When my package came home they were nothing like the picture , I do n`t know what happened but a pair of plain hoops was what I recieved ...
 The picture of this ring makes it look much thicker like that of a comfort fit band . It is not that thick . The 14k was not very yellow , I think I 'd prefer and 18k . I returned it .
 The picture of this ring makes it look much thicker like that of a comfort fit band . It is not that thick . The 14k was not very yellow , I think I 'd prefer and 18k . I returned it .
 The picture of this ring makes it look much thicker like that of a comfort fit band . It is not that thick . The 14k was not very yellow , I think I 'd prefer and 18k . I returned it .
 The picture of this ring makes it look much thicker like that of a comfort fit band . It is not that thick . The 14k was not very yellow , I think I 'd prefer and 18k . I returned it .
 The picture of this ring makes it look much thicker like that of a comfort fit band . It is not that thick . The 14k was not very yellow , I think I 'd prefer and 18k . I returned it .
 The picture of this ring makes it look much thicker like that of a comfort fit band . It is not that thick . The 14k was not very yellow , I think I 'd prefer and 18k . I returned it .
 The picture of this ring makes it look much thicker like that of a comfort fit band . It is not that thick . The 14k was not very yellow , I think I 'd prefer and 18k . I returned it .
 The beads on this necklace are very small and lightweight ; they feel like plastic beads rather than stones . The necklace is also very short , so in general it reminds me of a little girl 's play jewelry . However , with the right look it is still cute - just do n't expect high quality . I do like the color . Also an important note
 The picture of this ring makes it look much thicker like that of a comfort fit band . It is not that thick . The 14k was not very yellow , I think I 'd prefer and 18k . I returned it .
 I 've worn this pendant twice . Today I took it out of my jewelry box and found that the clasp did not hold it closed . I 'm sure I can get it fixed , but for $ 65 , I expect better workmanship .
 The picture of this ring makes it look much thicker like that of a comfort fit band . It is not that thick . The 14k was not very yellow , I think I 'd prefer and 18k . I returned it .
 was prettier on the site . It looks a little cheap and I got the matching bracelet and earrings . The earrings fell apart several times and i do not wear the set anymore
 The picture of this ring makes it look much thicker like that of a comfort fit band . It is not that thick . The 14k was not very yellow , I think I 'd prefer and 18k . I returned it .
 The picture of this ring makes it look much thicker like that of a comfort fit band . It is not that thick . The 14k was not very yellow , I think I 'd prefer and 18k . I returned it .
 Silver part is obviously painted . This bracelet is not bad , but it really does not look as good as the picture makes it out to be . I am not even sure if the jade is real . If it is real then the cheap setting is at least making it look fake .
 The jade used is very pretty . But the clasp wo n't close properly and it falls off all the time . I would n't buy it again .
 The picture of this ring makes it look much thicker like that of a comfort fit band . It is not that thick . The 14k was not very yellow , I think I 'd prefer and 18k . I returned it .
 I give two stars out of kindness . The cleaner does clean well , however , minutes after opening it and taking it out of the box , the plastic on the lid cracked . I 've used it possibly 10 times now and every time the crack on the lid webbed out more and more . Today , on the 11th use , the lid broke off completely . Now , before accuse me of manhandling the machine in order to break it , you should know that I store it under the sink and gently lift it out from under the sink with each use -LRB- realizing how fragile it was with the first use -RRB- . So now it 's completely unusable .
 The company themselves are FANTASTIC , however , all of the rings I have purchased from this particular company -LRB- the product itself -RRB- has flaws . I have extremely sensitive skin . Not an issue as all of the hoops & horseshoes are rated & are not going to break you out or cause irritation . HOWEVER , the screw in balls at the end , go metal only if you want them to last . These have chipped & cracked & there 's nothing like having a piercing & having to carry around spares in your purse KNOWING it 'll crack or chip & be useless . Sorry , great people to buy from but I 'd stick with entirely metal units if/when you do .
 the jewelery is very nice but to small for my nipple . . so far I can only where bars with decoration haning frm it
 I bought this for my girl back home.she was very happy to recieve it , called it pretyy and said that she simply loved it.she wore it one day and the chain broke.I am very upset.I hate having to buy extra things just to fix the item I originally bought to try to make it better.I should come brand new and well made.lets face it who like to buy faulty items.On the upside the rose was very beautiful she said.so unless you wan na buy an extra more expensive chain do not wast your time .
 I had this item on my wish list for a couple years and finally got it this Christmas from my Brother in Law . I was SO disappointed ! It looks like it was made in the dark or by a 2 year old . The red on the roses was uneven and missing at the top of the large rose . It just looks really bad ! The pewter is fine , no issues with that and as most necklaces , the chain is crap . I am sad that whoever made this did n't care how it was going to look .
 I thought this would be much bigger and better made . To be honest , it kind of looks like it came out of a gumball machine . I would give this to a little kid , but never an adult . I kept it , but it is expensive for what you get . Looks cheap and not as nice as I had hoped .
 Very large , looks like a crucifix , the red is poorly done and the chain is crap . I wasted $ 20 . There 's not much to write , it 's junk .
 This necklace broke imediately ! It came with a chain I didnt wanted so I tried to unhook the pendant from the chain and then the `` ring '' which was attached to the pendant broke ! So now I have to forget about it or pay even more money and wait longer for it to be fixed at a smith ! Very bad!Otherwise beautiful piece .
 False advertisement ! Buyer beware ! I returned this cross as soon as it arrived to my home . The front is cool but their is absolutley NOTHING on the other side ! I ca n't even say that it is hollow because their is nothing behind it . If I wanted ghetto bootleg shell-jewelry , i would 've went to the ghetto ! This cross pendant is also OVER PRICED . I 've always gave good reviews with Amazon except for this one .
 I was dissapointed with these earrings . They look and feel cheap -LRB- which they were ! -RRB- I was hoping for better quality as I read the reviews before purchasing them . I never wear them because they are so thin and cheap looking
 I only had it a week before one of the jewels fell out of the wing . The metal is already tarnishing too . Spend your money on a higher quality item .
 This ring is cool but after wear it a week one of the ball end came off . No problem I thought I can just use one my others . Then a ; littlt while after that the yin yang fell out . Nice so you see I am not wasring it any more ...
 After recieving the wrong order I called customer service , they instructed me to ship the wrong package back and they would send the right one . It should have been a pre paid return label and I should not have had to pay shipment . That was not the case , after recieving the package back I called customer service again , yet again instructed me to send the wrong order back . Also told me if I did n't send it back in a reasonable amount of time they would charge me for the wrong order . Again I recieve the package back . All together I recieved the wrong package back 3 times and finally paid for shipment just so they would n't charge my credit card . After calling customer service they told me that they had given me all the discounts they could , I 'm not sure what discount I got but I do n't remember it !
 green was important to me for this gift/9th wedding anniversary.I GOT A MULTI COLORED BRACELET . IF IT COULD BE ANY COLOR TELL CUSTOMER . Cute Stretchy Fancy Jasper Bracelet
 This ring is pretty which is why I bought it , but the the band metal is so thin it uncomfortable to wear . It cuts in between my fingers making it painful to wear .
 I ordered this and was greatly disappointed !!!!!!!!!!!!! What I got in no way resembled what is pictured here . I was also disappointed by how freaking huge they were . I have never woren them as my ears are not big enough , looking for an elephant with pierced ears to give them to !!!
 I was so excited to get these earrings . I ordered them Sunday and they arrived Wednesday , so I was impressed with the speedy delivery . However , when I opened up the package , the back post that goes into the ear was badly bent . I went to fix one of them -LRB- not using a lot of pressure or force at all -RRB- and the whole inside part of the rose came completely off and would not go back in . Thinking I would try to superglue it back together I turn to the next earring . I pick it up , and the middle pearl falls off !!! I was so disappointed . I tried bending and supergluing last night with not much luck . They are very pretty and I hope I can get them fixed . They look exactly like the picture , just do n't breathe on them or they will fall apart !!!
 The plastic brakes after a week so do n't get it it 's not worth your money no wonder its cheap # lame
 When i bought this for my son i didnt know that it would be that huge and when he put it on it stayed black and never changed so please dont buy this you will be disappointed !!!!!
 i expeted this thing to acually work and be some fun for my daughter but it didnt even change colers . Then i found one that acually worked at a fair for $ 1.89
 there is nothing real about this anklet . i bought it under the understanding it was real 14k gold i knew the diamonds would not be i did expect it to look so cheaply made looks like something you could get at walmart for a few bucks i am very disapointed i tired to email the seller and never heard back
 I was very surprised at how thin , small and lightweight this charm is vs. the picture . It and the other charm I purchased from the same vendor were definitely over priced for the item .
 I was very disappointed in this piece . I am not familiar with Sajen and purchased this as a gift for a friend . The pink fiber optic glass is not as iridescent as I would have thought . The jewels look inexpensive and the overall piece looks like it could have come from the costume jewelry section . I got this on sale , and I ca n't imagine this being worth the regular price of $ 99 . It looks cheap and even at 70 % off , I do n't think it is worth the money .
 I thought this would be great as a conversational piece as it looked so unique . Unfortunately , I was expecting something long and skinny as the picture appeared ... -LRB- The width was not stated . -RRB- This thing was just HUGE and FAT across width wise and NOT appealing at all ! The fiber optic also had little `` dings '' all over it , adding to the ugliness . The silver , although substantial , was scratched badly in the back upon arrival.Even with 70 % off , I agree with the other poster ; it is not worth it !
 When the pendant arrived I was disappointed to see that the pearl was WAY darker than the picture and round , not oval like the picture . Needless to say , I returned it .
 I love the idea of a modern design for a cuff - my mother has many , yet they are always on her birthday/Christmas/Mother 's Day lists . It arrived today in a nice velvet drawstring bag but that 's where the `` class '' ended . The bracelet had no weight whatsover and the design is such that it could be easily squished . The photo on the website does n't show how the `` interior '' is poorly seamed . This definitely does not have the look or feel of sterling silver . It seems like a bracelet one might buy at Target for $ 12 - $ 15 as a funky accent piece , $ 45 is WAY to expensive for a piece of this quality . Cheap , cheap , cheap !
 Completely cool idea , but very badly executed . It does n't fit well , and feels like I would break it very easily . I returned it the same day that I received it .
 I had very high hopes for this bracelet , as I purchased it as a gift for my Grandmother . A friend of mine purchased two of these , and I thought it was quite odd when she told me that she wanted to get one of them reshaped . Amazon clearly has a quality control issue , as the bracelet I received was very deformed . I looked like it was flattened from what should have been a circle shape into an oval . I could wear it , but I would have to concentrate on how I held my wrist all night long . Any motion of the arm at all made it fall off!On a topic I know people do n't approve of , the packaging was horrid . The bracelet was forced into a box that was obviously too small , as it was taped shut . Also , it barely fit in the velvet pouch it came in . Amazon should be relieved that this is not the only piece that I have purchased from them , because if it were , they would no longer get my business .
 I was seriously disapponted in this bracelet . It is completely unwearable . The bracelet should be in the shape of a C with only a small opening for the wrist to slip in and remain secure . This is not the case here - this bracelet is in the shape of a U and falls off with any slight movement . If you intend to sit motionless all day , then this is the bracelet for you . For the rest of us ... keep shopping .
 It was very pretty looking but virtually useless.It was open on the side which left no possible way to wear it without it falling off.I bought it for $ 18.00 but even at that price , it was no bargain .
 I chose 2 stars for my rating because I bought this to give to my sister as a gift and unfortunately it just feels too cheap to give it to her . I put it on myself and it is pretty - would be good for someone who likes bigger proportions/sizes in their jewelry -LRB- not particularly delicate -RRB- . And I would recommend it to you if you think it is pretty , you need a silver every day kind of necklace and you are going to be wearing it yourself . Unfortunately , as a gift , it just comes across as a cheap necklace - when you hold it in your hand the medallion and the chain make a tin-like sound against each other and the under-side of the medallion is hollow and not smooth . Again , it is pretty when it is on and the quality can be kept as your little secret if you do n't mind .
 I received this pendant today . The chain is nice and the lustre is decent , but there is one segment of the outer ring that is flat , not curved - so the circle looks like it has a big dent in it . This is so strange looking it is very distracting . Even though it was inexpensive , it looks so bad I think most people would rather receive nothing than this as a gift . I will be returning it .
 Okay , it was cheap , but it looked cheaper than I expected . Luckily , I do n't really like the person I bought it for . It might be nice for a child or someone who likes odd butterfly designs a lot . The chain was short , but I 'll take responsibility for being too lazy to get my tape measure out .
 I had read the reviews on this necklace and it seemed that it was what I was looking for . After receiving it , I was disappointed . The design and the size where fine but I felt the metal the medallion was made of was inferior-I would have been embarrassed to give it to my sister . I would be cautious in ordering jewelry in the future . I have used amazon many many time in the past and this is the only time I have returned an item because of the quality . The return process was easy and very efficient .
 This brand is rather cheap , however it is n't expensive so I should n't be surprised . The thing is taking the links apart , I dented them just taking them apart , so be careful ! The laser engraving looks great , I do have to say .
 It was much smaller that I anticipated . So small ca n't see guardian angel on pendant . Very disappointed . The pendant had to be magnified to be able to take a picture .
 From the way the pic look i thought that the pendent was going to be much bigger then a dime if not infact smaller tham a dime
 i was buying this as a gift for my youngest sister and i had it sent to my mothers house . when the box came i was so excited to give her the necklace , but when i opened the package and then the jewelry box it was EMPTY !!!!! i felt so ripped off and my little sister was heart broken because she got all excited . it felt like a bad joke or something . please take it from me and do not purchase this necklace because you wo n't get it !
 I should have read all the reviews . The person that said this was perfect for a 6 month old was correct . The cross is EXTREMELY SMALL and the chain is really thin . I purchased this for a 10 year old , so I am returning it .
 Got it , opened it , the chain broke as soon as I picked it up . The chain is so thin , it looked like the thinnist fishing line you could get . The cross itself is n't much better as far as being fragile . You would think jewelry design -LRB- advertised -RRB- specifically for a child would have some strength to it . Not this pendant .
 Terrible quality . Not worth USD 25 dollars . Probally worth about 2 dollars . Should be sold in a 99 cent store . What a rip-off . Amazon should perform a review of some of the vendors . I did not expect this .
 The ring arrived in a very nice American Pearl box with polishing cloth , velvet bag , and guarantee policy . Presentation was very good.The good
 These earrings looked beautiful in photo , but when I received them in the mail , the chain was very thick . I expected a more delicate look , but could not return them because I opened the package and it was against the return policy . They are also not the same length . When I put them side by side , I noticed one pearl hangs lower than the other ... probably not noticeable when you wear them , but it still bothered me .
 This choker can be slightly bent / adjusted , but it did n't lay right on my neck . I tried adjusting it to different widths , but it did n't curve around my neck no matter what , just kinda dug into the sides of my neck near the back . It also fell off quite often . Maybe b/c my neck is on the larger side , around 15 inches , but I 'm not sure . The ends do n't really curve around the back of the neck as pictured .
 I think they should have taken a picture beside a person 's ear . This was too small , like a kids jewelry ! I had to return it .
 The locket looks really cheap ... almost fake . I did buy it as costume jewelry for my stepdaughter ... but I expected something of a higher quality ...
 Seller was poor at communicating . Did n't respond to message 's both voicemail and email.Product sent was not what was requested or purchased . Actual ring was of lessor quality and value and sapphire was a darker blue than shown.Very dissapointed with purchase and extremely annoyed that I am now out of pocket approximately $ 400 NZD dollars in tax , duty and freight costs for receiving an incorrect product from one of your merchants.This will affect decisions to purchase through Amazon again .
 I did n't expect the treasure of the sierra madre , but these are about as cheap as you can possibly get . They look like they came out of a little kid 's toy jewelry collection .
 It 's okay . Not bad enough to return , but not what I was expecting . It 's slightly bigger than I wanted . It 's very thin . It looks cheap to me.One of the problems of shopping online for this type of item . You need to be able to see in person.The chain broke before it was even unwrapped . I was ' t planning on using that chain anyway , so no big deal . I would have been upset if I was planning on using - but it probably would have broke on the first wear!This pendant is going to my 10-year old niece . I do n't care if she loses it .
 I bought this necklace for myself a while ago ... and I do n't wear it anymore , because the silver `` chipped off '' and tarnished . It 's really disappointing . I think I threw out the charm because it disappointed me so much!Is it worth your money ? I do n't think so .
 I bought this , and it was n't very good . The chain is incredibly cheap and the pendant looks cheap also . That said , it still carries a good message .
 The shamrocks tarnished within a week and one fell off . Not the best made body jewelry I 've come across - not sturdy material .
 I liked it til it broke like the second week . The links should be a bit stronger ...
 The necklace arrived exactly as it was shown and described . Attractive , colorful yet it generated feelings of coldness rather than warmth for me . In fact , my body rejected the energy which the necklace emitted.I contacted the seller , explained the situation , and had absolutely no problem in returning the item . The seller was polite , cooperative and honest .
 I order this ring size 9 the one I received was size 11 ! I already paid $ 5 for shipping it to my mailbox in the states then it was shipped to me in the Middle East for $ 8 so it is n't worth returning it back because ill have to pay for the shipping from the Middle East to the seller .
 I was not happy with the item , sent me the wrong size even . I sent it back for refund , they sent the wrong size again . Now refusing to give my money back after I have spent more sending it back then it 's worth .
 Many places especially on the wings and seal , it is alot black and it makes it look very dirty . I did not like this dragon necklace and I think it could be better because it looks like it is made by an amateur . I am not impressed.It did come with a standard chain and a pouch for the necklace though .
 I bought this ring because I wanted something I could wear all the time and not worry about losing it or damaging it . The design is a good idea and had potential but the center stone is too big and it is set in a way that makes it look like it came from a quarter machine . It has a `` childs ring '' look to it . It 's sparkles beautifully I just do n't like the way it sits . It just looks fake ! They also do n't fit `` together '' as closely as I think they should . Maybe it 's just my taste , but I do n't like anything about it . A lot of others think it 's perfect . Just depends on what you like .
 Looks better online than in person.Very disappointed with the lack of sparkle.Stones look really cloudy / fake.Did come in a very nice ring box.Should have spent a little more to get a little more .
 This ring is so pretty , I got so many comments on it . But it 's not very sturdy or strongly made . I slipped my hand into a file cabinet and the ring caught on a file folder and snapped right in half ! I was so upset because it 's so pretty and I loved wearing it . So my advise would be - wear when you 're not working !
 I purchased this ring only to return it . It 's a beautiful ring , but the quality is not very good . It says it is adjustable , but when I tried to tighten it , it sounded like it was cracking . I thought it would break in half . It felt like a plastic ring , rather than sterling silver .
 Shipping was fast but when i gave it to my girlfriend for her birthday there was a big knot it took me over an hour to get it out .
 The picture of the necklace makes it appear much thicker than it was . I know it says it was 1.3 grams , but I am not a jeweler so I relied on the picture .
 not bad for the price , the closure good be better but remember 35 bucks aint bad
 STONE FELL OUT AFTER I BOUGHT IT WITHIN 2 WEEKS OF NORMAL WEAR/CAN ' T WEAR IT NOW/DISAPPOINTMENT BEYOND BELIEF !!!!!
 Ring arrived after three days , does not state caret size . stone very small no light refraction , seems small and dull . design is good , stones unremarkable , reflect very little light
 My wife and I were both quite surprised when we received this . It is really , really thin . She is afraid that it would be easily broken if one of the grandkids hooked their fingers in it . It is so thin that it is hard to see the detail that makes it a box chain . It is not easy to judge how jewelry will look from the photo on the computer screen , and will probably stop us from ordering any more over the internet .
 These earrings are much larger than most studs and look awkward in the ear because of it . When held next to a pearl earring , for example , they are considerably larger .
 The bead 's paint job ? Not sure what to call it , but . . it immediately starts to chip off as you wear the ring , causing painful stabbing with the sharp edges . I ended up taking it out after a week . : /
 I was very excited to get the necklace because it had decent reviews and the price was perfect . I put it on as soon as I got it a gave a slight pull on the chain to make sure it was on and it immediately broke ! It is very disappointing , especially because I was planning on wearing with with my husbands dog tags while he deploys ! The heart pendant itself is cute , but now I have to go buy another chain !
 This necklace is very attractive , but the catch is not functional . I was disappointed to see there is no return policy . Now I have to have it repaired before I can even wear it .
 I just purchased the unit and followed the instructions to use it . All the steam just flows out of the top from the cap . I sent the manufacturer an email . Well see what happens next . Good luck to all new buyers .
 I gave this as a Christmas gift to my Mother . The funnel was missing and the tweezers were not where they should have been for a `` new '' purchase . For the price I am very disappointed .
 We used this product no more than 30 times before it broke ... first the red ready light went out , then it stopped working all together ... after emailing the jewel jet company , I was told that I would have to buy a new one ... NOT , I will give another company a try ... other than that it cleans good ...
 The user instructions provided with the Jewel Jet Steamer caution against steam cleaning most gemstones except rubies and diamonds . After some online research I learned that steam cleaning is not recommended for tanzanite , emerald , topaz , etc. . You can read more about this at http://www.andrewberry.co.uk/gemstones_care_of.htm . Although the Jewel Jet cleans most diamond and ruby jewelry , you will need use the `` soapy water and soft brush '' method for everything else . If I had known that steam cleaning was so limited , I would not have purchased the unit . That 's probably why there is no warning about steam cleaning jewelry in the product write-up . I should have done my research before ordering .
 This Product came in ok standards was not what I thought and the Chain was so short it would fit around a babys neck
 I loved this necklace at first ... but after a few months it has become badly tarnished and no polish can remove this . I 'm very disappointed .
 Very hard clasp to close - nearly lost the earrings twice - they are cute but beware !
 MAYBE THE PRODUCT IS OK , BUT THE ONE WHO SHOULD MAILED ME THESE ITEMS IS NOT OK .
 I did not like the quality/style of the earrings , nor the packaging it came in . Plus , I did not get any resolution from the company when I complained way before this and another review were posted .
 I bought this with the highest hopes , but was rather disappointed when I opened the package only to find the front scratched and the hoop -LRB- that connects to a necklace -RRB- bent at about 45 degrees . Luckily -LRB- or maybe not so luckily -RRB- the metal is VERY pliable , so I was able to bend it to its correct setting . I do n't think I 'll be wearing it as often as I had hoped .
 The first thing I see is a swastika . My eye then adjusts and i get it is a nice star of david.However it reminds me of a swastika . I 'm Jewish so maybe I see that too quickly ... but still . It looks like a swatika for the 1st 5 seconds before seeing it fully.Maybe it will look better in different light .
 It turned black in 1 mth , in my opinion you get what you pay for , otherwise its pretty when new but if you deside to where it , it turns black .
 Although this necklace is very dainty and pretty , it arrived with one stone loose at the bottom of the nice blue velvet gift bag . Upon inspection I discovered bent prongs , which must have happened before it shipped as there was no damage to the box and it was very securely packaged . This truly is a very delicate and fragile necklace ; I would only recommend it for special occasion wear by someone with the most careful and gentle hands . I recommend that it be stored in the small gift bag , away from other jewelry , to prevent any damage to the prongs -LRB- which should be inspected upon receipt , and before each wearing to avoid losing stones -RRB- . Speaking from half a century of experience , you may wish to consider another , more substantial item as a gift , as the fortunate recipient will surely want to wear your gift with pride and pleasure for many years to come . An item of fine jewelry , broken and languishing at the bottom of a jewelry box after perhaps only a few wearings , would not make wonderful memories . I hope this review was helpful to you , and I wish you the best of luck in finding just the right piece for that special person -LRB- especially if that special person is yourself ! -RRB- .
 I got these earring as a amazon deal of the day . Took out the diamond tester to test if they are real diamonds . One of them beeps to signal it is a genuine diamond . The other earring says it made out of some other material . It give off the sound of metal . I did the test numerous times on these earrings as well as check to see if the diamond tester was working ... I think its a classic bait and switch . Im going to take it to a diamond expert to double check
 Arrived with at least one overt defect
 extremely disappointed ... order this item as a christmas gift already knowing that black diamonds are much smaller than white diamonds , however , these are more like 1/4 carat each not even close to 1/2 carat each . do not waste your money on these earrings they are not at all worth it ... will be sending them back for a refund ...
 A bit disappointed with this item , the backing is a bit loose and on several occasions , it fell off easily . Furthermore , I do not see much sparkle in this item . Does not do justice to the amount spent .
 I think Amazon needs a &#34; life-size &#34; photo when they offer these deals . Even though they clearly stated .5 cttw I was n't prepared for just how small that would be . Looking at the photo in the ad it appeared they would be an acceptable size.I returned the item .
 Did not like the Black Diamond Earrings . They are supposed to be 14K but did not look like it . Returned them .
 I purchased these for my wife but was really disappointed . She expected diamonds of any kind to be translucent but these have none . The could be a couple of chunks of obsidian . Not sure I will buy jewerly on-line again .
 The earrings were shown to be a little larger than they really were , so in the future know what a carrot really looks like .
 When I ordered these I noticed there were negative reviews regarding customers not getting what they ordered and payed for . However because Amazon continues to do business with this vendor and continues to stake their reputation on selling this product I thought I would take the chance and order these earrings.WRONG DECISION !!! DO NOT ORDER THESE EARRINGS !! DO NOT TRUST AMAZON !! RUN AS FAST AS YOU CAN TO ANOTHER STORE !! Amazon knows they have bad reviews and they know this vendor is cheating people and stealing their money and yet Amazon continues to do business with this crooked vendor and continues to help cheat consumers.Amazon SUCKS AND THEY ARE NOT TO BE TRUSTED !!!
 I was very disaponted in these earings . They were very small and not worth the price . They listed that they originally soldfor $ 715 . If that was the case , they should have had a certificate of authenticity . Needless to say I have returned them.Anne C.Warwick , RI
 Does anyone really realize what they 're buying here ? Black diamonds are really crappy diamonds that have been placed in a nuclear reactor . The black color results from the diamonds being bombarded by intense neutron radiation . This makes the diamonds radioactive , and have to be stored until their radioactivity dies out . Only then are they sent to market . The main point here , however , is you ca n't make a silk purse out of a sow 's ear -- in other words , `` Garbage in , garbage out . ''
 I was excited to receive these earrings at such a great price and with such great reviews . However , I was filled with disappointment once I received them . One of the diamonds is chipped on the side and the other has a hazy water spot stain right in the middle of it . On top of that , the diamonds have hardly any luster or sparkle . Needless to say , they are being returned .
 I was a bit concerned about buying jewelry online but decided to give it a try . I had originally purchased some smaller diamonds and was satisfied with them , but returned them because they were too small . I decided to go with larger diamonds and was extremely dissapointed when they arrived . The clasps were both bent and scratched . The stones themselves were severely scratched and worn . I swear it looked like someone went to an arts and crafts store , bought some supplies and threw together some cheap earrings . I will never be ordering jewelry online again . Complete waste of time and money .
 I was very excited when I found these but when I received them I was dissappointed as the -LRB- 1 -RRB- earring had a large inclusion on the surface . Posts were nice and the settings as well . Had it not been for the inclusion in the -LRB- 1 -RRB- earring I would have given this 5 stars all the way.I did return the items and re-ordered . I will update as I am VERY excited about these earrings .
 I did not expect high quality stones due to the price , but I certainly did n't expect such horrible quality.Both stones and dull and extremely cloudy . They also have huge inclusions right on their surfaces . They are gray in color -LRB- not close to black as shown in the picture -RRB- . One is darker than the other . Even though their color would hide most flaws , the quality is so obviously poor it would be embarrassing for anyone to wear them.I also would like to note that the white gold settings are not as shown in the picture . The stones are propped up on top of settings so the white gold can not be seen on the perimeter when viewed directly from the front.I ordered them a couple of days ago but now when I view the item , it says `` Item under review '' due to customer feedback . I 'm guessing other customers have complained about being sent two lumps of coal too !! Returning immediately . Not worth more than $ 10 . You 're better off buying something made of plastic from a bead store .
 I have already sent these back to the seller . When I received these earrings , they looked like they had been scratched and along the prongs it looked as if there was glue , or maybe they were just really dirty . Either way I returned them within 10 minutes of receiving them . I later found out that Black Diamonds are just that way , unless you buy high quality , basically flaweless , this is what you can expect to see . With that said , these earrings were too flawed for me to give to my wife . I thought for the price it was a steal , but turned out to be too good to be true . On a positive there was n't any hassle with returning these .
 I was able to take advantage of a deep discounted sale on these . I knew not to expect much , but I 've never seen a black diamond before , so I was intrigued.When I got the earrings , they looked ok -LRB- I plan to add some diamond jackets in the future -RRB- , but way smaller than anticipated . I really do n't think the `` 1 cttw '' is accurate . 1/2 ct stones are larger than these . In any case , you do get what you pay for , and they seem to be a fair value at the price I paid . At full price , these babies would have taken a round trip !
 The edges of one of the two stones has fractures in the surface that are detectible by both sight and touch . Both stones have visible hairline scratches in the surface , indicating poor polishing technique . Total cost in this condition should be sub 30-40 dollars.I am willing to accept that these may not be absolutely 100 % tip top perfect , but the cut needs to eliminate any and all obvious physical occlusions and cracks from the outside surface . In this case the cut speaks to poorly trained/motivated diamond work . I will be returning these and making a second attempt for a new set before giving up , just in case I received a bum set .
 The table of each earring had multiple inclusions -LRB- inclusion is a characteristic enclosed within a gemstone -RRB- , I returned one set as they were so bad the inclusions dominated the table - the 2nd set was a bit better but far from what I would classify as &#34; good &#34;
 I brought this item as a gift.only 2 months old from gift date . The diamond fell out when the person wore it the second time . Now it 's impossible to get it refunded or swapped for another pair . Where is the contact information ?
 The price was too good to be true . One of the earrings had a chip in it and the other had a cloudy stain on it . They also lacked brilliance and sparkle . I returned them , sorely disappointed .
 The coin is very nice , but the chain is entirely too `` fine '' to support such a heavy piece . In fact , I have never been able to hook the clasp because it is too small . If you buy this , plan to buy a new chain for it .
 i know a little about Egyption hieroglyphics and i know that the pendent says mother not mom . i know that some people r like so what it means the same thing but i feel that when u spend that much money on something u should at less have the right translation.so for anyone who is still reading this i will tell u about the symbols i know
 I loved my ring when my hubby gave it to me earlier this year . Its BEAUTIFUL . then all of the sudden -LRB- after having my ring not even a whole year -RRB- I look down and my diamond had fallen out !! Very upsetting and I could n't find it anywhere !! When I called amazon to try and get help they said since we did n't get any warranty on it that they could ' t do anything for me . So now I have a ring with no diamond . I am very unhappy with amazon for not helping me ! They should n't sell jewelry that falls apart after only a year . Wish they could have helped me more .
 The Yankees symbol came out of the belly ring without me even noticing it and I had only worn it for a week .
 The picture of the pendent on Amazon looks much larger than the actual pendent . It is difficult to see the diamonds at all . I returned it .
 I ordered this item to match the earrings also offerred . Again , this product was such a disappointment ! I love Swarovski crystal , so I expected the same quality one would expect , given the reputation . However , it looks like a very poor imitation . It is so ugly that I could not even give it away without embarassment !!
 Unhappy with purchase . I should 've known by the price . I collect Swarovski crystal . The disc looked good in the pictures but ...
 I owned a beautiful necklace with a pendant that was exactly like this one , only larger and very well built . My necklace was stolen and I ordered this one , thinking it was the same pendant , but it was n't , it is very small , does not stand out .
 Ok where to start lets go over the pros and cons of this productpros - it comes with a nic . . err black rope where you can adjust the lengh size of your pendent ... and um nothing else sorry ... CONSturns black on you in just 2 weeks off usethe rope will leave a stain on your neck and shirtstoo pricy i saw this item AFTER I bought it at a small thrift shop for 4 bucksthe only shiny thing on this is the fake onixsmells like pure metal and will wear of youAll in all get yourself a sterling sliver one on ebay better prices and better over all material ...
 This is a beautiful ring but the stone fell out within 6 months of having it & the silver is light weight . Buyer beware !
 This is a very flimsy and breakable peice of jewlery ... you could not tell from the photo .
 I bought this ring as a gift for a niece who likes turtles . I was charmed by its appearance , with little movable legs and head . I was very disappointed that those charming appendages fell off when I tried to open `` the locket . '' Do n't waste your money and time like I did .
 My local jewelers has this exact bracelet for $ 450 . They offered to discount it to $ 360 . Hoped to find it for less on the internet . Well , not on Amazon anyway .
 why did this happen to me i never got my item i have been waiting its passed the date it said it would be here
 It broke the star from the piece that holds the string after only 24 hours . It arrived on time and looked very nice but the total quality was weak and soft so it would not hold up to wear .
 the picture shows a bright shiny star of David right ? Well it so is not the case . It does not even look like silver !
 This picture makes it look better than what it looks in person . Its darker -LRB- I guess antiquing is what its suppose to be ? -RRB- Definitely for A man .
 While the pendant does have a nice , unique look that we were looking for for my daughter 's boyfriend , I am remeinded after reading your reviews why we should n't stray from stronger metals for jewelry . Thank you for preventing me from making a mistake .
 the star was huge i thought it was going to be a necklace but the star was more of a big keychain .
 I bought Ear Lifts and honestly , they are lousy . They do n't stick well to the back of the ear and therefore , they do n't work for the purpose intended . Lobe Wonders , on the other hand , are fantastic . They stick very firmly to the back of the ear so they really do hold up the earring instead of it falling into the torn earlobe . I will never use Ear Lifts again . Lobe Wonders are superior .
 This product is hard to put on if you have multiple piercings in your ear . It hurts a lot when you try to remove it - feels like you are ripping the skin off of your ear . Ears remain sticky . Definitley do n't recommend .
 I started with Lobe Wonder and when my retailer switched to Ear Lift I switched too ... The Lobe Wonder is so superior to Ear Lifts . I will not be without Lobe Wonder as long as Amazon makes it available !
 The Silver is paper thin and the setting has little cracks which cause the ring to hook on fabrics . Poor customer service , I returned the product and they never issued a refund and they never responded to my email inquiries .
 Cheap quality and it shows in the clarity of the diamonds or rather the lack therof . The old adage is right > You get what you pay for .
 I have always been 100 % satisified with Amazon but this item was low quality and we returned it . My first bad review for a product from this nearly perfect online shopping site.Diamonds very low quality and just looked like it came out of a gum ball machine.Amazon gladly refunded money and paid to ship it back .
 If you want to impress someone with a thoughtful and small jewellery , this is not it . My wife didnt like it , didnt event look like -LRB- real -RRB- diamonds . Dont buy it
 I should know from the price . too light , too small and looking like child jewelry . Tried with a chain but too light to look nice on your neck .
 Bought this for our 20 year old son for x-mas . I was very disappointed with the quality of this $ 85 pendant and returned it the very next day . The chain looked and felt like plastic . My initial reaction when I took it out of the box and felt how light it was in my hand was that it came from a bubble gum machine.Went to a Christian bookstore the next day and found a beautiful sterling silver cross pendant for $ 28 that was 1,000 times better than this $ 85 one .
 I really thought this necklace looked good in the picture , and then I recieved it today wow ! it is so light and the quality of the chain is terrible . I have bought this for my boy friend for Christmas and now im wondering whether to even give it to him . It should cost 20 bucks maybe .
 After a few years of wear , the finish wore off and started to iritate my skin . To my knowledge solid titanium would not have done this . The description did not indicate that the necklace was plated . Simply , metal
 This did not look like the picture . Nothing on the necklace or packaging stated this was titanium . The clasps were loose and there were visible bronzish color welds . It actually came in tape , so it was sticky ! I do have to say that the return through Amazon was very easy and they also returned my shipping .
 I try to accustom myself to items not looking as impressive in reality as they do in advertisements . However , the titanium necklace was a total let-down . It is just a dull-looking little , and I mean Little , chain . Wish I had n't fallen for it .
 I bought these to make my order qualify for free shipping . They were worth that ... but not for wearing . The glue connecting the earring to the finding did not hold , so they were broken in the bag . Oh , well ... I got my free shipping .
 The ring looked beautiful in the photo . When I received it I was happy with it . I put it on , went out , and when I came back the zirconia from the ring was missing . I was frustrated and angry . I threw the ring away along , of course , with the money I paid for it !
 This is a nice-looking necklace . However , the clasp broke when my husband first took it off so now it sits broken on his dresser . This was a Christmas present to him . Usually Amazon sells high quality items so I was surprised . We paid $ 150 for it . I have to stop procrastinating and check Amazon 's return policy or take it somewhere for a new clasp now .
 When it arrived , most of the black design was chipped off.Also , The box it was shipped in was huge and I had to struggle to get it from the mailbox .
 I loved the bracelet , but it was very fragile . The bending made it break . I only lasted for about two months .
 Although this bracelet looked beautiful online , I was disappointed in it when I received it . It did n't look as impressive and the peuter is so soft that it easily bends out of shape . I really wanted to be happy with it because I love the celtic design . Alas , it was not what I had hoped for . Would not recommend it .
 Was disappointed all around , sorry to say . The bracelet was not formed with the bias of the wrist ; The metal was not thick enough or formulated with enough base metal to withstand body heat so it constantly lost shape and loosened - the design could be seen from the underside/inside . But more importantly it quickly cracked and broke from the edge to one of the star 's because of the above reasons as well as , apparently , from not having a thick enough border/edge . Also , upon arrival even one of the star 's had already lost it 's blacking . However , I liked the idea ; If manufacturer recalculated the design I 'd try to purchase it again ...
 I was amazed when I received these earrings , thinking that they would look like the picture online . They are the cheapest-looking earrings -- the silver was tarnished in certain places , giving a `` patchy '' look ; the posts were n't soldered on correctly , so they stuck out at weird angles . DO NOT BUY from this company ! You will regret it . Amazing they can get away with it .
 I was very disappointed with these earrings . They were so lightweight and seemed like tin . The color was dull and looked cheap . Do n't bother .
 The rings I received were not like the ones in the picture . They were dark and dingy . The silver was very thin and weak . The tops of the rings were extremely thin . They look like cheap dime store rings . If this is the quality of the rings this company sells , I will not be placing any more orders . The pictures are beautiful . The rings look thick and shiny . Not at all what I received . The only thing that was want I wanted was the size .
 In all honesty , I have nothing good to say about this bracelet . I never , EVER saw pewter that would bend so easily and literally split into . The packaging was less than adequate and it arrived damaged . I tried to straighten it , and it just fell apart in my hand.I wo n't purchase again and ca n't say I recommend .
 the actual gem on the nose ring was nice looking , very shiny . however , I ordered a gold ring , and got one that was silver in color - the seller never got back to me about exchanging so I used it anyway . It fell out within a couple of days -LRB- even though I bent it pretty good inside my nose -RRB- and I wound up needing a new one . If you buy this , make sure you check it often because it will fall out !!
 I bought 16 of these since I knew they 'd be weak and I 'd need spare parts.The hinges will break instantly and you 'll have to replace them . I suggest labrets or brads with solder . I really do mean instantly . The very first time you bend your finger , the hinges will pop . Be prepared.The tips are too sharp to get into most clubs so you 'll need to dremel the tips.Pewter is so weak that a few scritches will bend the finger tip grips out so you 'll have to bend them back . Doing this more than a few times will break the tip along the line of the beautiful pattern.For a $ 4 each costume piece -LRB- what I paid -RRB- , they are fine for a little while . I feel very sorry for anyone who paid $ 30 for just one of these.I receive lots of complements on their beauty .
 It more than 12 days for product to be delivered , even though it was 4to 6 day shipping time . The ring broke in the first few days.The company did not return calls or e-mails . Piece of junk , horrible customer service . I will never order from them again .
 Hardly fits to your finger , and limited mobility makes it painful to wear.Do not buy .
 DETAILED PATTERN Design Silver Tone Pewter FINGER Ring SPIKEFast service but the wrong item was shipped .
 Do not purchase ! I never received item - but did receive a letter from Australian Customs to say it is an illegal item for import and has therefore been seized ! Not happy Amazon !
 I ordered this item and I instead received a watch . I returned the item 2 weeks ago and have yet to receive my refund !!! I am completely dissatisfied with the seller and would never buy from them again !
 Charged my account , and never sent the item . Took a bit to get my money back . A gift for my wife became a headache for her while i was deployed to the middle east ... Sad .
 At first this toe ring seemed sturdy , but once I started wearing it , it kept loosening up . I had to keep squeezing it tight so it would n't fall off , and finally it just broke in half . I only got to wear it for less than two months . Would definitely not buy anything from this brand again .
 The soft pewter clasp design is such that the bracelet would easily come off your wrist . The two wolf heads shown in the picture are the only wolf figures . Cheaper in appearance in RL than it seems in the photo .
 I was really excited to get this ring . I have been wanting a celtic toering that was n't cheap looking for a long time . I had it on for one day and it broke in half . I spent way too much money for a toering to break that easily . Very disappointed .
 I have been wearing this toe ring for a few weeks now without taking it off . I have had several toe rings and I have learned to choose them wide and thick so that I can keep them on all summer . Like the prior reviewer mentioned , when you take them on an off a lot , they wear and eventually break at the bend point . I can not wear thin toe rings because they slide and turn too much and dig into my toe , so a wide ring is best for me . I highly recommend this ring ! I have worn it through many showers and it 's holding up nicely!Edit - June 29 , 2011I wrote too soon ! Last Friday , I was walking and this toe ring split in two and fell off . I had n't been taking it off , so I was n't causing a bend impression in the ring . At most , I would tighten or loosen a bit , if needed . It lasted me @ two months . ; - -LRB-
 I thought this was a absolutely cute ring when I took it out of the package , I was later disappointed when I took it off and noticed the green ring left on my skin , I ca n't wear anything but sterling silver so I question if this ring is real or not . . still a cute ring but I ca n't wear it
 I PURCHASED THIS RNG , STERLING SILVER THIN STARS ! I ALSO PURCHASED STERLING SILVER MOON AN STAR RING ! I RECEIVED THEM JULY 15TH . I HAVE WORE THEM ONE DAY AN THEY BOTH HAVE TURNED MY FINGER GREEN !!!! I BELIEVED THEY WERE REAL SILVER ?? I HAVE SEVERAL OTHER SILVER RINGS THAT DO NOT TURN MY FINGER GREEN !!!!! SORRY I AM NOT SATISFIED ... THANK YOU FOR YOUR ATTENTION ...
 This bracelet looks better in the picture than it actually is . I thought it was going to be silver but it is more putty colored and of very rough quality . I probably wo n't wear it .
 Does n't even have a clasp -- it links by an S hook . No great loss if it fell off , though .
 I wish I would have read the reviews befor I ordered this item , Not happy with it at all , does not look like the photo.Was a waist of money and will never wear it .
 These earrings are very pretty , but they are NOT orange as described . They are yellow . I was very disappointed when I got them because I had gotten them as a surprise for my daughter who wanted orange earrings , and these are definitely yellow not orange !
 I purchased this item thinking it would look fantastic but , was disapointed when i saw that the pendant was very small and that it did not have the engraving design on both sides i wish i had never bought this pendant but , too late i am stuck with it .
 I ordered this product for everyday wear . The Bizet setting holding the stones overwhelmed the stones , they were dark , covered in metal , had no shine thru and no light could get to them to sparkle or show facets or colors ; it could have been dirty glass . The chain was too thin , ready to snap at the first hair snag . I returned it and found a CZ for less that looked much better .
 I fell in love with the picture . The ring showed to be sligthly brushed looking . When the ring arrived I was quick to learn the picture looks nothing like the ring . The ring is a bright polish and the yellow gold is barely visiable . I 'm very disappointed with amazon for the lack of description .
 I was very happy when I first saw this ring ! It fit , looked great on my finger , and then BLAM ! there was the defective portion . There was a very noticeable anomaly on the white gold part , a blackish smear that was obviously a defect in the process of dyeing the yellow gold to white . I thought about exchanging it for another one , but figured , `` You know , Amazon just recently launched their Jewelry department . If their Quality Control is so bad as to send the customer a defective ring , they do n't deserve a second chance ! '' Sorry Amazon , do better and you just might succeed .
 This ring is really cool looking and is exactly what I was looking for ... unfortunately it started showing scratches on it from the first time I put it on . There is no way to keep it from getting marked up . the simple act of opening a door with a metal knob will create a mark . I went with 14k gold because I figured the higher base metal content would help keep it from getting marked up but no luck . This ring will show wear and tear like you would n't imagine . I would n't purchase it again .
 Bought this 10K gold and silver wedding band because my original ring does n't fit anymore . It looks beautiful on my computer but now I wish I had gotten one in 14K gold . This one looks like brass.No luster at all.My fault I guess.Live and learn .
 I bought several items from Peora and this is one of my disappointment . This is a cute ring ; unfortunately the stone just does not do this design justice . The peridot is too small and it looks jammed into the triangle and has no sparkle at all . Very disppointed with this one .
 Nice ring for the price . I did have to do some alteration on the ring though . The wings are very sharp and pointy and jabbed into my finger . So I took some tweezers and bent the tops out just a little bit , then I took an emery board and filed the wings down , making them have blunt edges instead of sharp edges.All the alterations did not effect the look or fit of the ring at all , just the comfort level.I would recommend this product , just be aware you might have to do some adjusting yourself .
 Was disappointed in the bracelet . It had a flimlsy attachment to the ID panel and I think was likely to break loose and therefore fall off the wrist.I returned it , insured for a cost of $ 20 , for a credit to my credit card.Bonnie Campbell
 This ring looked pretty on line , but it looked fake in `` person '' . I tried it on , and it felt too `` chunky '' on my hand . I was disappointed , and sent it back . I still like products from this vendor , but this one did n't make the cut !
 I bought these for my mom but I did ` nt give them to her because to me they kind of look cheep . The way they sit in your ears the back shows . The back looks the same as many earrings do which is just fine if it does ` nt show . The front of the earring is nice it 's to bad they did ` nt continue with that on the back . I did buy other earrings for half the price from another seller and they where great . I guess you do n't always get what you pay for .
 About a couple weeks after i purchased this ring for my husband , the cross design on the inside fell out . He tried to put it back in but now it is soo loose that it just falls right back out . He has tried to wear it without the cross but he ca n't . When the cross is not inside the ring , the are where the cross is supposed to be is soo soft that it squeezes together and misshapes the ring . Please do n't get me wrong , this is a beautiful ring but his was apparently defective . Everytime he takes the ring off the cross flies to the ground . The cross itself is very sharp around the edges . Hope others have better luck !
 When I firs got this ring -LRB- earlier than the delivery date whichwas good -RRB- I noticed that it looked a little cheap and the inner cross was not connected to the ring and fell out . The ring was a little tight , even though I know I am a size 9 ring from many other purchases . I decided to keep it , being cheap and all , but was going to take it off because it matched nothing I currently wore . When I wet my finger and tried to pull the ring off , the ring broke . right down the center , right out of the box . Seriously , spend the 18 $ and get a tungston ring from world jewelry center ... they dont break .
 This ring arrived with poor stamping of the crosses . They were stamped with part of the cross hanging down inside . Took it too a jeweler and they hammered it back into the ring . My wife loves the ring and wears it all the time now .
 I ordered these earrings Nov. 15th , 2012 . By December 1st , when I had not received them I contacted the seller by email . I received no reply . On December 3rd , I cancelled the order . I still received no reply , even though I had emailed the seller approximately 5 times . I finally had to get in touch with Amazon 's customer service to have them cancel the order and get my money back . I will never order from Fred Meyers again .
 Pugster is a poor representative of Amazon . This item was ordered as a Christmas gift . The incorrect item was delivered . Not only did Pugster send the wrong item but they included the invoice with the price . Attempts to reconcile this mistake in a timely manner were unsuccessful . I am not sure that the correct item was ever delivered and I am much too embarrassed to ask the person and inquire about the quality of the product . The only part of the transaction that occurred immediately was posting the cost on my credit card .
 This ring was cheap looking when I got it . It was packaged well and fit okay . It just looked cheap . The seller was awesome . They refunded my money without any questions or hassle . I will buy from this seller again , just not rings like this .
 My wife saw this and LOVED the color of the stones . She was thrilled that it came in a size she could wear.She opened it Christmas Day ... and was really disappointed in the color . It 's nearly WHITE!If she had wanted a CZ white diamond , that 's what she would have asked for.It IS very nicely made , BUT she wanted the deep , lovely blue that was shown in the ad.We are checking into sending it back .
 Well , it seemed like a good idea and I wanted to love it ... . I purchased this bracelet for one of my son 's friends , who just turned 16 and loves the theater -- and I 'm decidedly disappointed . The drama masks are so small one can barely see them and the sterling silver feels featherweight . I could see paying $ 20 or even $ 25 for this , but , personally , I do n't think it 's worth $ 40 + . I wish I had time to look for something else . The image shown gave me the impression that , while not of significant size , the masks would at least be identifiable from a short distance . And they 're really not . Maybe it 's me ? Both of the prior reviewers gave it five stars and said they thought it was wonderful . But I have to say , for me ... not so much .
 Not worth the price.Hinges are loose due to stripped screw holes.Overall structure is not as pictured - top is not the tray top as pictured but flat.Front painting/design is not as pictured -LRB- and scratched -RRB- . Front drawer pull installed crooked.Paint on inside drawers has been scraped by hardware inside doors.I am expecting a complete refund as this is not what was ordered .
 I simply wanted a pair of medium sized silver earrings . I was tired of purchasing the cheap ones from the kiosks or pharmacies which would lose their shape after a few wears . Once I received these I was even happier as the post slides into the hoop so you do n't have to deal with clasps which wo n't catch or if they do catch , pinch your ear for that split second . Unfortunately , I believe the cheap ones would have been preferable . Note
 The picture of this product is misleading . The product delivered was cheap and gaudy looking .
 I bought this ring in November and in February the stone fell out . I contacted the seller and ask if this was the norm for their products or if I perhaps I received a `` dud '' ; sometimes it happens . I would have liked a replacement right but instead I was told the below . `` Most of the jewelries that are in this price range are most likely to last for a few months or a year or two and they are called fashion jewelry.That 's why they are not expensive.Right now we offer free shipping if you want to purchase another one.We are really sorry for this . `` I have a lot of different jewelry and this has never happened to me . Looks nice but does n't last .
 I ordered this for my wedding becuase we are very tight with money . Reading some of the reviews I expected it to appear to be `` real '' . It does n't so much but it is pretty.Update-Made it past a year of marriage and this ring looks horrible . It has broken my finger out numerous times and it is incredibly tarnished . The small CZs are n't shiny anymore , you can barley see them .
 I bought this ring for my wife so she could wear something in place of her wedding ring when she did n't want to damage her real one . First of all , the price of the ring is cheap , so I know that I ca n't complain too much , however , when I got the ring , it was for a Christmas stocking stuffer . The picture showed a nicely wrapped package with a bow . What I got was a tiny package that was wrapped so poorly with a generic computer printed label with no bow . I had to unwrap it to redo the wrapping , which was a good thing anyways because I wanted to check out the ring . The center diamond is very pretty , however , it is set crooked and looks like it is about to fall out . The side bands look much cheaper than the picture . I do n't think the small amount of money that I spent on this ring was even worth it . The nice thing is that the center band can be removed and worn as a solitare . Not exactly what I was going for , but oh well . I will probably return this ring .
 This is a beautiful ring however the rhodium plating wears of VERY quickly leaving the finish dull and very unattractive.I am really disappointed , this was going to be my ring while mine is being made but now it is just wasted money.As sad as it makes me because I do love the ring , I would not suggest you purchase this item as it will not last you long .
 i bought this ring less than 3 month ago and ! month ago the fake diamond -LRB- cubic zircona -RRB- fell off and i was about to pay more than what i paid for the ring to fix it so i put it in the garbage , dont buy this item ...
 Wow - and I thought only e-bay had the reputation of some sellers raping their customers blind ! I own the two pill boxes pictured on the left ... and they ONLY cost me approximately 4.99 -LRB- at Wal Mart or Walgreens - forget which -RRB- . And to buy these 4 , they want FORTY dollars PLUS 7.50 for shipping ?!?!?!?! Check out your local Wal Mart , Walgreens , Drug Mart , etc.etc . FIRST !! Especially around Christmas time - they stock a lot more for the holiday season.ps
 OK , I read the review calling this a `` Rip Off '' and I agree that they are too expensive . But I was willing to pay the price -LRB- plus shipping -RRB- for 2 sets of what appeared to be beautiful cloisonne pill boxes to give as Christmas bridge gifts to my friends . I am now embarrassed to give them . They are not well made , they are heavy , and they do not open and close easily . I will not be carrying one in my purse , which is what I intended to do . It will probably be another useless trinket to my bridge friends . Maybe I can make it up to them next year .
 Pendant looks as if it came from a gum ball machine . Very disappointed in the way it looks . . ''
 This bracelet is very cheesy , for the Price.According to picture you expect better quality . Than you email them to send it back and they do n't return your email . Remember when you order this product , you have to return it to the seller , not amazon !!!
 This case is disappointing . It is cheap plastic . The container does not even have a real lid that fastens . It is just a sheet of packaging plastic that you lift off . Way overpriced .
 I definitely liked these earrings when I first purchased them as they are dangly but light . After a while , the sterling silver began to turn to an orange color since they are cheap earrings . I 'm not too disappointed because they were relatively cheap when I purchased them , but now I ca n't use them anymore . Perhaps spending a few dollars more for better quality earrings would have been worth it .
 I bought this item because my friend has over 50 pairs of earrings so I figured it would be a nice gift but when I opened it , it was n't what I expected . Some of the holes are not drilled all the way through , so you ca n't put earrings in them , and the object overall is not in good shape . It 's ok as a cheap gift , but it 's nothing great .
 Pros
 The product itself is great . Held lots of different sizes , stored nicely . Unfortunately , however , the hinge broke immediately which I did n't realize until AFTER I hung up all of my jewelry . When I packaged the return , I noticed another crack in the acrylic . The package went from the mail immediately to my soft couch so it was n't from mishandling . I am torn , I would love to get this product again but I do n't want a product that I need to treat like delicate glass .
 I really like the way this organizer looks and the number of earrings it should hold , but it turned out to be a major disappointment . It is fine if your earrings are on posts , but if you have many which are on the u-shaped hook , they are very difficult to mount on the display . Between the small hole and the distance between the hole and the outside edge of the acrylic the U hook on many of my earrings could not be threaded through the hole . I ended up re-drilling some of the holes and enlarging them , which helps , but the screen is poorly designed .
 I found it so frustrating that this product arrived broken ! Evidently others have had the same experience with this product . It was cracked throughout and the hinges did not even work . My husband suggested it might still be usable , but then I showed him how sharp the cracked areas are ... not safe in the least . Perhaps it 's no coincidence that this item gets less expensive every time I go to the page where it is sold on Amazon . It 's horribly made . I paid $ 15 and now it 's being sold for $ 12 . It started around $ 30 . I think they should pay you to use such a bad product .
 The earring rack was so poorly packaged that it was broken into several pieces by the time it arrived . I then had to pay the shipping charges to return the broken item . My choices then were to either
 hi my name it torta , i still have n't gotten my package ands its been a long time and i would really like to have it .
 The earring rack was very poorly packaged , and it arrived broken into several pieces . Not worth the time and money to send it back , so I just threw it away and wrote it off .
 I really do n't recommend this product - it is quite bulky , so not really useful for travelling , big , and not very attractive -LRB- looks very cheap -RRB- , and does not seem very strong . I gave it away as soon as I received it , and ordered a normal one with less hole but which looks much better . I would advise not to buy this .
 Not thrilled . have to put the earrings on several times . They fall off too easily . I Would not purchase again .
 This is the most ridiculous earring holder on the market . I bought a two-screen holder many years ago and love it , but I 've since acquired many more pairs of earrings and need more storage space . I looked on the internet and in stores for months before buying this product . But what a disappointment ! The bottom set of holes on each row is too high to accommodate any earrings except posts . Notice in the photo that even the earrings shown do n't seem to fit right.So just when I was about to toss the thing , my engineer husband asked what would be needed to make the product work best . I said that the holes needed to be placed on the lower edge of the row so all earring could dangle . So he drilled new holes ! Now the product is perfect.If you do n't have a drill or a handy friend , do n't buy this poorly designed product . Keep looking .
 I was very disappointed by this item . Yes , it folds and appears to be sturdy , but in reality , it also unfolds and collapses quite easily . There 's something about plastic holding up over 120 pairs of earrings that now makes me nervous because you 'd be surprised how much 120 pairs of earrings actually weighs . When this unfolds and falls , earrings break . Also , the holes are drilled very close together which makes taking off post earrings difficult because not only are you trying to balance the holder , you also have to pull off earring backs in too small a space . This was what I was doing when my display unfolded and fell flat on my dresser , cracking one of my crystal earrings and dislodging a stone from another . I now use this display only for wired earrings and purchased one of the metal harp displays to hold my post earrings . The metal displays were so much more stable and cost only a few bucks more .
 I loved the idea that this earring tree folded . All the decorative ones take up so much space . But as other reviewers have noted , the constuction is shoddy and the design is poor . The holes are too small so it is a struggle to get earrings on and off of it . If I ca n't get a pair of earrings in a moment , then why not just keep them in an old fashioned jewelry box ? But worst of all , the thing tips over very easily and the first time it did , it broke . Taking my earrings off to return it , it tipped again and broke in another place . Waste of time and money !
 Nice idea . Unfortunately , the hinges broke quickly on mine even though I gently used . I would not waste your money .
 Looks to be a great product if only it arrived in one piece . Every single hinge was broken off each of the panels . Amazon would not do an exchange . I had to do a complete return and new order which is an additional 2-3 week process just to get the item I want . So much for this being a Christmas gift ... thanks Amazon !
 I was very disappointed with this item , as 50 % of my earrings will not fit on on the holder due to either size of the earrings , or how they are held on the ear . It seems to be fine for most earrings with posts . I will use it for those earrings that work , and find something else for the rest .
 I think I would have liked the product but it arrived damaged . I requested a replacement but they would only give me a refund .
 I bought two of these to display my jewelry at craft shows . One arrived broken and the other one that I kept does not easily hold earrings . It is a MAJOR pain to remove them from the holes they designed into the product . My customers were always knocking it over trying to get the earrings out of the rack . I ended up purchasing two black metal racks that I LOVE and trashing this one .
 I 'm not crazy about this product . It 's tight fitting and just nnot what I thought it would be . I 'm not actually using it . I wanted to display some earrings but I 'm not sure this is the right display for me .
 With a collection of so many earrings scattered in several containers , I need a way to organize them all . This is n't it ! It only holds studs and a few of those for pierced ears that are shaped the right way to hang on the rather wide dividers . I suppose some of those old clip-on pairs would work on this too , but I do n't use them anymore , so I do n't need to display them with the current ones.On the other hand , this item is cheap , cheap , CHEAP ! Mine arrived with the inner package slightly dented , and when I pulled the item out of that package , the hinge of one panel was completely disconnected from the next panel 's complementary hinge parts . When my husband tried to set the two parts parts back together , the other hinge holding it snapped and broke -- cheap plastic ! -- and the panel completely broke from the other three . Now I have a single panel and a separate three-panel set . Very cheap ! On the other hand , even the single panel can stand while I 'm working on it , and I can fold it and store it in a drawer with the three-panel set . But this item , in one or two pieces , is n't strong or good-looking enough to be displayed ! Still , I can use it till something better comes along ! And it would cost me more to return it , so what the heck !
 I bought this ring and was so anxious to receive it . When I opened the package , it was just as it said very beautiful . Unfortunately within 2 days the `` Rose '' coloring started to come off and by the 3rd day the stones were all clear white ! I am very disappointed and would NOT recommend this product to anyone looking for a `` Rose '' colored Swarovski ring ... you may as well color yours in at home for free .
 I was disappointed with the quality of this product the minute I opened the envelope . This is actually the first time I 've ever been unhappy with a product that I have ordered from an Amazon vendor . I based my decision to buy this product on the photos made available during my search and I feel that the actual charm looks very little like the photo used . The charm itself looks cheap and scarcely resembles the photo . I 'm not convinced that it is sterling silver . It also failed to include a clasp to connect it to the sterling silver charm bracelet that I bought from a different Amazon vendor . -LRB- Btw ... I am very happy with the bracelet itself . -RRB- I paid more than $ 25 for this product and I feel that the quality is worth about half that . This is the first Amazon vendor that has let me down .
 dont waste your time go to walmart and buy a a whole jewelry set that is better quality for this price .
 Ordered this item for Mothers day , gave it to wife . Now , a month later , the `` silver '' is coming off , revealing cheap plastic underneath . Amazon website says it it outside the window for returns , and can only get a `` partial refund '' . Do not do business with My Jewel Thief , their products are cheap plastic.Love , Grandmother , Forever Silver & Crystal Expressively Yours Bracelet
 You pay for what you get ... The bracelet is of a dollar store type quality , so if you are purchasing this as a primary gift , I would advise you not too . But as an add on to a better gift , then ok . The quality is very low . I think it would be more for sentiment only and would be ok . I doubt the person I bought it for will wear it , and I wo n't blame her . Maybe hanging it from her rear view mirror would be nice.I had gotten one of these before and the quality was great . Heavy silver with beautiful beads . So I expected this one to be the same , but it is just light metal -LRB- almost plastic-ish , spray painted silver -RRB- , and the beads are plastic . I was disappointed but considering what I paid , I should have known better .
 I bought this as a birthday present fo rmy mother in law , and was quite dissapointed upon receiving the bracelot . The quality is very poor . I am not even sure if I will still give this to her whereas it seems like its made of plastic . I am now off to purchase her something else .
 This belly ring looks so cheap ! It fell apart almost instantly and it 's definitely not as cute and colorful as it looks .
 This is the cheapest piece of junk I 've ever had the pleasure of getting as a gift . My daughter gave me this for Christmas and spent her own money on it and I felt so bad I gave her her money back . Unfortunately we bought it from another online source and the cost to return it is n't worth the hassle . It DOES NOT CLEAN . It loosens dirt ... . same effect could be had by just soaking your jewelry in a liquid jewelry cleaner . You still have to manually brush behind stones and in crevices to get your items clean . Waste of cheap plastic . Waste of time . Waste of MONEY !! I do n't care how cheap you can buy one of these for ... . DO N'T !!! If it was at all possible to give it NEGATIVE STARS I would have .
 The top disappeared withing 10 minutes of me putting it in . The belly ring is still cute , but now worthless
 Bracelet is strung together on strecthy band type string . Found it to be very bothersome to wear due to it expanding on wrist with any kind of arm movement . Finally on about 3-4 time wearing while at work and moving arms it stretched too far and broke and the piecec went flying and some shattered . I would n't buy this again . I recommend something more strung together with wire type string .
 I believe that this item was advertised at the wrong price . If I remember it was offered at $ 9.99 ... unbelievable of course and it was . I got an email to say that the product had sold out and they were n't sure when it was going to be in stock again ... Not sure why they did n't just say it was a misprint .
 i bought this ring for my girlfriend when came the color was great but in less than month loose all the color now the ring looks very bad without gold color look like another metal .
 The ring is charming and pretty , but the plating wears off fast . This is , apparently , not a ring to be worn every day , I have a gold heart with two nickel leaves and a barely visible cz . It was a gift , so I still treasure it , but I 'd rather save for a better one next time . For the price , its about what I expected . However , its disappointing when the plating wears off .
 This ring looks great , but it turned my finger black ! I have bought other black hills gold rings without problems . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 The round amethyst 4 prong earrings cost too much at half the price . The stones were not translucent but solid -LRB- unlike the photo -RRB- , very poor example of amethyst . The only real value was in the 14K mounting , not enough to justify the price -LRB- Gold Box or not -RRB- . Amazon standards are normally not that low .
 False advertising , this is not Onyx , I verified this with a jeweler and it even looks like some kind of plastic or epxy . I own Onyx and it looks and feels nothing like it very obvious . I guess I should not have expected mych for the price but again issue after issue with ordering jewelry thru Amazon from every single seller and vendor . In the photo the black looks inset into the cross , it 's not . It 's actually glued on the top of it ... . another let down .
 I believe that this item was advertised at the wrong price . If I remember it was offered at $ 9.99 ... unbelievable of course and it was . I got an email to say that the product had sold out and they were n't sure when it was going to be in stock again ... Not sure why they did n't just say it was a misprint .
 I will never order anything from this company again . I found out several days after I ordered this item , that it was unavailable . I did finally get a refund after much headache between contacting this store and contacting Amazon . What got me the most was that there was no communication between this third-party and Amazon . Nothing was correct on my account . And worst of all , nobody ever changed this item to show that it was unavailable ! I worry about some one else making the same mistake . Seeing as anyone could go in and order the same ring -LRB- same size too -RRB- as what I was told was out of stock !
 I wish , I could have read the Karen 's review before I placed my order . I got an intimation after a week that the product is not available.Why are they listing the product if it is not available for delivery ?! I wish I would have given a negative star rating instead of a rating of one star .
 I believe that this item was advertised at the wrong price . If I remember it was offered at $ 9.99 ... unbelievable of course and it was . I got an email to say that the product had sold out and they were n't sure when it was going to be in stock again ... Not sure why they did n't just say it was a misprint .
 I will never order anything from this company again . I found out several days after I ordered this item , that it was unavailable . I did finally get a refund after much headache between contacting this store and contacting Amazon . What got me the most was that there was no communication between this third-party and Amazon . Nothing was correct on my account . And worst of all , nobody ever changed this item to show that it was unavailable ! I worry about some one else making the same mistake . Seeing as anyone could go in and order the same ring -LRB- same size too -RRB- as what I was told was out of stock !
 I wish , I could have read the Karen 's review before I placed my order . I got an intimation after a week that the product is not available.Why are they listing the product if it is not available for delivery ?! I wish I would have given a negative star rating instead of a rating of one star .
 I will never order anything from this company again . I found out several days after I ordered this item , that it was unavailable . I did finally get a refund after much headache between contacting this store and contacting Amazon . What got me the most was that there was no communication between this third-party and Amazon . Nothing was correct on my account . And worst of all , nobody ever changed this item to show that it was unavailable ! I worry about some one else making the same mistake . Seeing as anyone could go in and order the same ring -LRB- same size too -RRB- as what I was told was out of stock !
 I wish , I could have read the Karen 's review before I placed my order . I got an intimation after a week that the product is not available.Why are they listing the product if it is not available for delivery ?! I wish I would have given a negative star rating instead of a rating of one star .
 I will never order anything from this company again . I found out several days after I ordered this item , that it was unavailable . I did finally get a refund after much headache between contacting this store and contacting Amazon . What got me the most was that there was no communication between this third-party and Amazon . Nothing was correct on my account . And worst of all , nobody ever changed this item to show that it was unavailable ! I worry about some one else making the same mistake . Seeing as anyone could go in and order the same ring -LRB- same size too -RRB- as what I was told was out of stock !
 I wish , I could have read the Karen 's review before I placed my order . I got an intimation after a week that the product is not available.Why are they listing the product if it is not available for delivery ?! I wish I would have given a negative star rating instead of a rating of one star .
 I believe that this item was advertised at the wrong price . If I remember it was offered at $ 9.99 ... unbelievable of course and it was . I got an email to say that the product had sold out and they were n't sure when it was going to be in stock again ... Not sure why they did n't just say it was a misprint .
 the ring was Beautiful when It showed up Within two weeks all the gold had worn off .
 It is a very pretty bracelet , but I did not notice any difference in my arthritis pain . I wore it for about a month , night and day . In the end , I took it off because it did not seem to make any difference for my arthritis . It was a disappointment , as I was really hoping it would work .
 I will never order anything from this company again . I found out several days after I ordered this item , that it was unavailable . I did finally get a refund after much headache between contacting this store and contacting Amazon . What got me the most was that there was no communication between this third-party and Amazon . Nothing was correct on my account . And worst of all , nobody ever changed this item to show that it was unavailable ! I worry about some one else making the same mistake . Seeing as anyone could go in and order the same ring -LRB- same size too -RRB- as what I was told was out of stock !
 I wish , I could have read the Karen 's review before I placed my order . I got an intimation after a week that the product is not available.Why are they listing the product if it is not available for delivery ?! I wish I would have given a negative star rating instead of a rating of one star .
 I believe that this item was advertised at the wrong price . If I remember it was offered at $ 9.99 ... unbelievable of course and it was . I got an email to say that the product had sold out and they were n't sure when it was going to be in stock again ... Not sure why they did n't just say it was a misprint .
 I believe that this item was advertised at the wrong price . If I remember it was offered at $ 9.99 ... unbelievable of course and it was . I got an email to say that the product had sold out and they were n't sure when it was going to be in stock again ... Not sure why they did n't just say it was a misprint .
 I believe that this item was advertised at the wrong price . If I remember it was offered at $ 9.99 ... unbelievable of course and it was . I got an email to say that the product had sold out and they were n't sure when it was going to be in stock again ... Not sure why they did n't just say it was a misprint .
 It tarnished quickly , cleaned poorly . After a month i threw it away . Its a waste of money .
 Be careful of these . They show to be silver in color , but came through as yellow gold tone . Seller stateddifferent shipments come through in different finishes . His site should state that . Otherwise cheap dine store quality
 I will never order anything from this company again . I found out several days after I ordered this item , that it was unavailable . I did finally get a refund after much headache between contacting this store and contacting Amazon . What got me the most was that there was no communication between this third-party and Amazon . Nothing was correct on my account . And worst of all , nobody ever changed this item to show that it was unavailable ! I worry about some one else making the same mistake . Seeing as anyone could go in and order the same ring -LRB- same size too -RRB- as what I was told was out of stock !
 I wish , I could have read the Karen 's review before I placed my order . I got an intimation after a week that the product is not available.Why are they listing the product if it is not available for delivery ?! I wish I would have given a negative star rating instead of a rating of one star .
 I will never order anything from this company again . I found out several days after I ordered this item , that it was unavailable . I did finally get a refund after much headache between contacting this store and contacting Amazon . What got me the most was that there was no communication between this third-party and Amazon . Nothing was correct on my account . And worst of all , nobody ever changed this item to show that it was unavailable ! I worry about some one else making the same mistake . Seeing as anyone could go in and order the same ring -LRB- same size too -RRB- as what I was told was out of stock !
 I wish , I could have read the Karen 's review before I placed my order . I got an intimation after a week that the product is not available.Why are they listing the product if it is not available for delivery ?! I wish I would have given a negative star rating instead of a rating of one star .
 I will never order anything from this company again . I found out several days after I ordered this item , that it was unavailable . I did finally get a refund after much headache between contacting this store and contacting Amazon . What got me the most was that there was no communication between this third-party and Amazon . Nothing was correct on my account . And worst of all , nobody ever changed this item to show that it was unavailable ! I worry about some one else making the same mistake . Seeing as anyone could go in and order the same ring -LRB- same size too -RRB- as what I was told was out of stock !
 I wish , I could have read the Karen 's review before I placed my order . I got an intimation after a week that the product is not available.Why are they listing the product if it is not available for delivery ?! I wish I would have given a negative star rating instead of a rating of one star .
 Beware image shows to be silver tone , delievered in cheap gold tone . Seller stated can not always control what comes in . Seller should state that colors may veriy
 I will never order anything from this company again . I found out several days after I ordered this item , that it was unavailable . I did finally get a refund after much headache between contacting this store and contacting Amazon . What got me the most was that there was no communication between this third-party and Amazon . Nothing was correct on my account . And worst of all , nobody ever changed this item to show that it was unavailable ! I worry about some one else making the same mistake . Seeing as anyone could go in and order the same ring -LRB- same size too -RRB- as what I was told was out of stock !
 I wish , I could have read the Karen 's review before I placed my order . I got an intimation after a week that the product is not available.Why are they listing the product if it is not available for delivery ?! I wish I would have given a negative star rating instead of a rating of one star .
 I was sent the wrong size ring and can not fit it on my finger ... I lost the return info . So I have not worn the ring .
 i was pleased when the item arrived , until i wore it . the aurora finish came off after only a couple hours wear now it 's just a black ball . i love body candy products but will stick to the metal jewelry in the future
 it is ok , but one of the hearts broke not long after i got it .
 This item is coated , if you are looking for a clear crystal as it DESCRIBES , you will be fooled like myself . Very disappointed .
 Well the ring in the picture looked alot bigger than it was , way bigger . So am returning it because it was a gift for my wife and she could bairly see the diamonds in the ring .
 I was disappointed with the size of the stone . This ring was a little nothing .
 It has a tag on it that is bigger than the charm that says Made in China . Probably worth about 3 dollars not anywhere near the listed price .
 These stones are miniscule , teeny-weeny cheap-looking things . Much too small for a teenager or adult . The photo on the website is deceptive . The backing may actually be larger than the stone . Planned to present them as a gift , but would be embarrassed to give them to anyone . They are so tiny , they 'd be lost in a jewelry box . Back they go to Amazon . Lots of trouble and expense for something so trivial .
 I was very happy with the look of these ear rings BUT one of the clasps was laying insde the jewelry box and would not work i.m sure Amazon is not to blame but it was like some one had opened these before I did .
 I wore this on and off for about 2 years , then one day when I woke up , the tanzanite had fallen off . I looked but never been able to find it . One of the prongs was slightly bent . So even though it looked pretty , it 's very flimsy and definitely not worth it . I had to sell it along with a bunch of other gold .
 so , this tribal sun design is just beautiful . i really love it . i only wish i could wear the darn thing . it 's hinged , which on the surface is a great idea . except the hinge is n't particularly sturdy so the weight of the sun pulls the ring down out of the umbilical area , making it appear and feel `` wrong '' . so sad . i 'm disappointed .
 This ring is just beautiful , works very well , but the stone popped out the 2nd time I wore it and I had to superglue it back on .
 When I ordered this pendant , I did not see the small football like grooves in it . It looks very weird in person . I went back to the picture and see it now . It totally distracts from the volleyball . Also , it tends to turn around a lot and since it is hollow you often find yourself looking at the inside of it - not too pretty !
 I purchased this `` necklace '' believing I was getting a black cord with a silver slide -LRB- as pictured -RRB- , but the item being sold is the cord only . The description is no help either , it 's one sentence , and does not mention anywhere that the charm pictued is not included .
 THE BOX STYLE CHAIN ON THESE IS THICK AND I HAD TROUBLE GETTING ONE OF THEM INTO MY EAR . I HAVE TO SAY THAT ONCE I GOT THEM ON THEY DID NOT SLIP LIKE LIGHTER CHAINS DO BUT IT HURT AGAIN WHEN I TOOK IT OUT OF THE SAME EAR . FOR ME I WOULD LIKE THEM A LITTLE SHORTER BUT THAT IS JUST AN OPENION . THEY ARE NICE AND I AM KEEPING THEM BUT I DO N'T THINK I WILL WEAR THEM VERY OFTEN DUE TO THE CHAIN .
 OK earrings , but the design on the glass beads on the pair I received was very different from the photo . I would n't have minded if they had stated in their description that the designs varied , but they did n't . The pair I received was much less blue than the photo and had a few tiny , different-colored flowers .
 This ring I would n't recommend , because it tarnish 's which I purchased for my husband for a birthday gift . Very disappointed.Would not recommend to my friends .
 I just bought one and thought that it would be as sophisticated as the one in the picture . It actually looks more like the shiny coated plastic toy rings that I buy in the dollar store for my daughter . The finish is not well crafted and is actually clumsily done upon closer inspection . Not worth the price.Doesn ' t seem to be real silver either .
 It is a cheap piece of jewelry that broke on the shank in the first week I had it . I will never buy from this vendor again .
 I never bought a puzzle ring before , and I never will again . It was a pain to figure out and the website does NOT have a solution . The ring was already tarnished , especially in the spots where the rings overlap . If you take off the string -LRB- which you eventually will -RRB- , the rings easily come apart when you take it off your finger -LRB- or when you need to polish the rings -RRB- , which is very inconvenient b/c then you have to `` reassemble '' it again.I was n't expecting this much trouble , and it would 've helped if it came with instructions . I plan on returning this ring .
 I was very unhappy when I got my ring . It was extreamly tarnished and left black dust all over my hands . The picture makes it look shinny and clean and it is anything but . The metal it is made from is extreamly frail and is easily bent out of shape . Also , once apart , the ring never sits right again even though I have put it back together correctly .
 Well after the long wait i was excited to finally have my ring . And when I open the box I was more than a little disappointed with what i received . The picture makes the ring look like it is n't smushed pieces . I am very disappointed with my ring .
 this ring is not sterling silver . its made out of this black type of rock ? I do n't even know , it 's for my girlfriend so its a smaller size , not like other puzzle rings where they 're bands of silver these are like each individual rings connected like a puzzle ring . I 've searched the site that the receipt is marked for ; silver insanity to no prevail of finding the ring on the site to look what they price it as . Out of all the things I have bought for the holidays this year this is what i was really looking forward to to have some mineral covered in silver makes this a straight lie to sell as `` sterling silver '' if planning on buying this for someone i say do n't do it . I look at reviews and decided to buy this for all the positive reviews this ring has received but it sucks . This ring is honestly a piece of junk compared to some puzzle rings I 've seen and I do n't now the prices so i ca n't say it may good for the price but i would have rather spent the extra money .
 This was a huge disappointment . The Advertisment says it is solid gold , it is hollow.The gold also was n't gold , it seemed more copper colored , and it did n't clean up well . I returned this before I even got it home .
 The leather broke away from the silver as soon as I tried to open the clasp . The bracelet is large -LRB- probably should be labeled as men 's -RRB- , the clasp is very difficult to open so after I had it fixed and the leather cut down , I do n't take it off . Too difficult to get on and off .
 Bracelet does not look like picture . The picture makes the bracelet look as if it is a smooth silver surface , but when the bracelet came it was not smooth , it was lumpy . Also , very flimsy and felt as if it would be easily bent out of shape . If you are looking for a high quality bracelet this is not it .
 I was very disappointed when I received these earrings I ordered from Amazon . They are very small and the `` turquoise '' background is actually plastic with a small piece of turquoise mounted to the metal -LRB- not silver -RRB- . When I purchased these , they were advertised as sale priced from $ 40 to $ 18 . Now they 're advertised at $ 13.50 . These are not the quality I expected , and I wo n't be ordering jewelry again .
 Watch out with these . I bought them for my wife and after less than three -LRB- 3 -RRB- weeks they started falling apart . The center turquoise is glued on and it just fell off . They are useless now . Also , the picture is somewhat deceptive . The back of the earring is a flat separate piece of plastic and is not connected to the metal part of the earring so it flaps around.These are cheap and fall apart quickly .
 Before I purchased these earrings , others had commented on their poor quality . These are cute but not really a very high quality .
 My earrings were defective . The metal is thin and one of the diamonds had a HUGE scratch down the middle . I sent them back for a refund . Amazon was great about refunding my money .
 It was my mistake to not read the dimensions on earrings . They are extremely small i dont even know if i am going to give it to my wife . One the dimounds is not fine cut it has no pattern looks shattered and the other one looks fine cut equailly cut in porportion . You get what you get for low price ...
 I ordered these for my Girlfriend . They stones BOTH had large defects -LRB- I 'm no expert in diamonds , so I dunno what it 's really called -RRB- . By defects I mean both stones had HUGE black flecks in them . At least they were symmetrical . : / Anyways ... other than that ... they were great ... at least I did n't make this mistake with an engagement ring .
 I would like to warn everyone who purchases this item to measure them when you get it!I probably would not have been able to tell the difference if this was not a replacement set for a lost earring ... but they sent me a 1/10 carat when it should have been this -LRB- 1/3 carrot -RRB- I did some research when I opened it and found the dimensions it should have been and it was exactly .10 X .10 inches and 3mm X 3mm for you metric folk.BUYER BEWARE !
 the pendant was way too big , the pewters bends very ealsiy and eventually it cracked . I had to throw it away.DONT BUY ITNow it is 20 words for this rdiculous review system
 I was very disappointed in the ring . The color is grey not sterling bright . I was looking for the somerset mesh ring but it was not available in size 9 so ordered this one which looked the same but was NOT i plan to return the ring .
 This is a nice ring . I thought it very pretty when I first received it . Over time it seems to have faded in color and I no longer wear it .
 this is a piece of crap i ordered my about 2 weeks ago and the only good thing about it was that it came about 2 days early which was good but the necklace broke the second day i got it .
 Yeah , so I was suckered into buying this product after seeing Josh `` LIAR '' Beckett wearing this during one of his pitching outings . Lem me just say THIS IS A PIECE OF CRAP !!! No way does this thing relieve anything . I think its all in your head because when I first bought it I too believed it was working . But now MY BACK HURTS !!!! LIARS !!!! ARGH !!! PS Josh Beckett is currently injured ... On the other hand , it does look nifty so if youre just buying it for the look then go for it . If not , go to an asian massage parlor or something .
 Come on , people ! If these products really worked , everyone would wear them ! The manufacturers want you to think they work , so they can sell them and make $ $ $ . I have tried the phiten , and the balance bracelet , and magnetic therapy . I have noticed no change in my myriad aches , pains , and stiffnesses . I have worn a phiten necklace for over a month , just to give it a chance . If anything , I feel worse with it on , so I am giving up . Save your money !
 This bracelet does n't contain any `` ions '' , `` technology '' nor `` energy '' which would noticeably affect the human body at all.Magic bracelets with different metals and magnets in them have been LONG PROVEN USELESS . Do you know who first debunked these things ? * BENJAMIN * * FRANKLIN * did , two hundred years ago!He found out that it did n't matter whether he put metals or magnets or pieces of painted wood in them , people could n't tell the difference . He told people they would increase strength , eliminate pain and cure all sorts of diseases with mysterious `` energies '' . Of course it was nonsense but most people who bought them nevertheless claimed that they `` worked '' . It 's just a bracelet . No ions . No technology . No energy . No magic.Buy this bracelet only if you want to show the world that you do n't have a clue .
 My necklace broke within a few weeks of purchase . -LRB- The bracelet I bought with it was too small . I wore it anyways , and it fell off within days and I lost it . -RRB-
 I do n't know who the hell thinks this works , but it does n't . Nice necklace though . I have n't stopped wearing it just because I do n't have any other necklace to wear .
 Very , very , very dissatisfied with this order ... NOT the correct size . NOT the item pictured . Not the item titled . Says 18 '' , but it came as 22 '' . I have a small neck ... However , it shipped/arrived extremely quickly . ONLY good thing about ordering this item . I could have gotten pretty much the SAME EXACT item for $ 4.99 from another seller on Amazon . Stole $ 10 from me .
 Well , I got what I ordered . Does it work for me ? No . Besides wearing it as a fashion item this necklace serves no other purpose . If you are having pains in your body try stretching or heading to the gym . I promise that will work better than some gimmick .
 I ca n't believe there are so many gullible people out there . These necklaces do n't actually do anything . Look up phiten and pseudoscience.Like David Hannum said , `` There 's a sucker born every minute . ''
 Bought the 22 inch Navy Blue one . Should have bought a longer one as it can still be seen when I wear formal shirts at work.More importantly , I dont see any benefits with wearing this.I will give it a couple of more weeks and if I still see no benefits , I will write it off as one of my many frivolous purchases .
 After 2 days it broke . I contacted phiten and they told me since I did n't buy it from them I 'm screwed . I was able to fix and improve it I like it . Just poor craftmanship
 The necklace is unattractive and doesnt lay right on your neck . It 's made of rope and magnets and the rope is too thick and twisted . I returned it asap.Phiten Star Necklace , Black , 22 ''
 the neckless is ok but the company i bought it from are very rude would never buy an ite fro the again.EVER
 The necklace was way to big and it was not the hot pink that was shown in the picture it had a more faded look .
 We have several Phitens - all of which are in the blue or black family . My daughter wanted an orange one , since her team colors are orange and white . In the photo , this looks like it is truly orange - and bright ! The reality is that it 's not . It 's a very dingy color , nearly brownish , and it almost looks as though it 's gone through mud and then someone attempted to wash it . Suffice it to say , I bought it for her for xmas , and she has n't worn it yet . I 'm thinking it will stay on her bureau . It 's too bad .
 I have used one of these for a month , and I have observed myself , my general wellbeing , and my backpain with and without the necklace , while sleeping , while doing sport , while at the office ... and I have not noticed any difference at all . For this , and because , in my research , I have not been able to find a even a single scientifically justified reason for these to work , I am giving it one star . I only hope that others read this review and think twice before spending their money .
 I have also seen many people wear these . I workout a lot . I decided to order two braclets and measured my wrist at 71/8 and order 71/2 . I could not close the clasp . I sent them back only to have them returned !!! They told me it was custom - I order one black and one orange - how is that custom . I talked to two CS reps with the same answer - non-refundable !! They could have saved one customer by giving the correct size and sending back , instead they go to the expense of writing a letter and postage to send back the braclets.I have many people ask me about these in the gym - I can now tell them - DO NOT BUY , THE CS SUCKS . I guess I will find some kid in Middle School with skinny wrist and give it to them . I 'm blown away .
 I personally used the tape and the e-water lotion together and the combination effectively subdue my neck-shoulder ache which I have for many years . I applied the lotion daily after bath at night and replace the tape every 2-3 days . I am convinced with the technology that I decided to try their jewellery products since having the tape seen on body is not a pretty sight to public eye . Before I make any haste/impulse purchase , I googled for the product reviews and realised it is a mixed reviews - ~ 50:50 positive and negative . As I am convinced with what I have experienced with the tape and lotion effect , so I decided to trust my gut feeling to get the bracelet . I take it as the 50 % negative reviews could be because the users do not have any pain/aches to begin with so they do not experience any `` miracle '' . For example , if you have a flawless skin to begin with , you will not expect any miracle effect even if you apply La-mer/SKII/Lancome / Estee Lauder expensive skincare product daily . That 's the logic . I seriously ALMOST buy this product until I turned over the package and saw this
 I have the wrist phiten and it works great . I expected tension relieve in my neck but got more from wearing this neck one . They might be fakes . Buyer beware and check things out .
 I wore this for approximately 2 months , and hardly noticed any change . Maybe , I need to wear it longer , but I have noticed almost no improvement with my back pain .
 I wore this necklace several times and now realize that I wasted my money . I ca n't even tell the necklace even has any titanium ... there is no magnetic field . If you want true titanium -LRB- no clothe cover -RRB- and that does seem to work ... stay way from the ` cloth ' covered ones since you ca n't verify what is underneath unless to disassemble to necklace . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 I wanted to make a chain of this necklace 2 inches longer because it did n't fit , so I went to a jeweler . And to my utmost surprise the jeweler said that the metal of the chain is n't silver . I went to 2 other jewelers and they all said the same thing . So be careful , it may look great , but it is n't really what they say it is . Besides that it arrived almost 2 months later after their shipping estimate . Due to my location -LRB- Ukraine -RRB- it is n't so easy to send it back , and I ca n't even explain how angry and disappointed I am .
 I was very surprised and how small , thin and lightweight this was in comparison to the picture vs. the price . This is definetely overpriced for this item and the other charm I purchased .
 they are a bit small for an adult so i gave them to my daughter . the blue topaz is also not the same shade as in the picture - a bit darker and smaller .
 Ordered this item for a performance costume . The first copy came with a broken strand and the pearls rolling around in the shipping bag . We used the Amazon return process to return it and had a replacement within days . The second copy arrived in the exact same unusable condition . We ca n't try again , it would n't be available in time . Quality control on this product appears to be very bad .
 This company is a sham . I tried numerous times to contact them BEFORE they shipped my item to cancel . They would not respond . They took over two weeks to ship it and in that time I repeatedly asked them to cancel my order . They would not . When I received the item , I once again contacted them to let me know how I could return it . They would not respond . Save your time and money and DO NOT purchase items from them .
 This product was very disapointing - I had to return them -
 The image really looks much better than the actual product . Stones are quite brownish , not red as one would expect of garnet . I would n't recommend anyone purchase this .
 they ship really fast . . which is nice , but ultimatly , this item reminds me too much of something that would come out of a 25 cent machine ... it is a piece of crap and it looks a lot dinkier in real life then it does in the pictures , plus the stone is not `` garnet '' it more so resembles the color brown ... like a turd .
 It took over a month to get my product from this company.I will not order from them again . When I did get the ear rings , they were much smaller than they seemed in the picture . It would be nice to have some sort of picture scale to see the size of the item being purchased .
 I had received the earrings I purchased on Amazon and they were supposed to be RED garnets . But their color is far closer to Amber than red -LRB- as was pictured -RRB- and I was very disappointed . I wrote my problem to Amazon and to date have had no response . I had asked back then to either send replacement pair sent -LRB- at NO additional shipping charges to ME -RRB- that someone actually CHECKS the color or I would send these back for a full refund . The style is very cute - I even like the accompanying necklace and ring designs - HOWEVER ... I then wrote to 6 different departments at Amazon asking for help with an exchange -- to this day , WEEKS later , None of the departments has responded . The holidays are now passed - I have a gift I could not give.Disappointed .
 I just got this bracelet for Christmas . I have small wrists so it fits great , most bracelets are just too big for me . There are no sharp edges at all on the bracelet so it 's great for wearing all the time , it wo n't catch on clothes or scratch my babies . The reason I only gave it 2 stars is that the pearls are not pink , they are peach . I got the matching earrings & necklace which both have PINK pearls so hopefully Amazon will exchange this bracelet so my new jewelry will match .
 I bought this bracelet with the intention of giving it to my 23 year old daughter . When I received it , I felt it was more for a young teenager . It is small for the average woman 's wrist . The quality was disappointing.I thought it would be a more classic bracelet . Too young on an adults wrist
 I purchased this pair of earrings for my 5 year-old granddaughter to wear as the flower girl in my niece 's wedding . When the purchase arrived , they were too small for my granddaughter . Therefore I had to return them .
 Do NOT order this item from Home and Living . The item they send is NOT the one in the picture . And if you do not like it , you will have to pay shipping for to get a refund , and then they will charge you for shipping the wrong item to you in the first place . The customer service on their end is completely ridiculous , and Amazon 's A-to-Z guarantee is unresponsive and impersonal , and does not help you take care of any problems with this seller .
 Packing was not damaged but when my Granddaughter opened it on Christmas it was broken . Her father was able to glue it together but since outside of packing was not damaged at all , it had to have been packed for shipping already broken . She is using it but top drawers do not open at all . VERY disappointed with this for the money !!
 I received this necklace tangled and it took me 30 minutes to untangle it . The acutual necklace feels harsh against the skin . I know ... you get what you paid for but the picture looks so different than the real necklace .
 I know , what do you expect for diamond studs that are so inexpensive , right ? Well , I expect them to look like a matched set , no matter how mediocre the quality . One earring was clearly smaller and narrower than the other -- more of a rectangle than a square . I have resorted to wearing one in my second hole on one side only , because they look dumb as a pair .
 Very Very Very upset with this order . I loved it when I got it , but it fell off my wrist three times the first week I had it on . Then it finally fell off and stayed off . GONE ... so what the problem was is that the clasp was cheap , and it wouldnt stay on my write , so Im pretty annoyed that I spent the money and I lost it in a week or two . Wasted my money , and loved it . I wont order off this company anymore , because they have to know how cheap the clasp was , they are selling them to alot of people . I for one , use Amazon so much , its crazy . I spend hundreds and hundreds of dollars every month . This is the only piece of jewelry that I ever purchased that I had this problem with , so that tells me that most of thier jewelry is like this , and that is why It was the price that it was , because it was cheaply made , problem is you can sell cheap stuff , but for gosh sakes , does it have to be so cheap that it falls off all the time , in the long run the money just falls off your wrist .
 I love this bracelet , but when I tried it on right out of the box
 quality of this product is horrible , its was breaking apart in less than a week . the materials used to make this product were very cheap !!
 Was very dissapointed in the overall look of the product . The silver was very dull ... clasp sticks - hard to open ... Not sure if I 'm going to keep this ...
 bracelet is too small and too thin . Does not look like a high quality piece of silver . Do n't waste your money .
 This bracelet is very poorly made . The clasp looks like cheap bent metal reminiscent of children 's jewelery . It going to cost me $ 4.95 to send this back , which I am sure is more than the bracelet is truly worth . Do n't waste your time or money !
 The bracelet arrived in a timely manner . The silver looks very cheap and the bracelet is very , very thin , which I hated . I wore it a few times and put it away . I will not be wearing it again : -LRB-
 Shittttay , not even close to good craftsmanship , made in Italy my butt . Came with a tag that says Honduras . Waste of money .
 thought it wuold be a little more glamorous and wider . Not as big as I hoped . Heading out to get a small gift to compliment it as its not enough for XMAS alone .
 I was totally disappointed when I received this bracelet . The photo makes it look like a very classy and quality item when in fact it 's very thin and looks and feels very inexpensive . I probably will never wear it .
 I ordered this item and received a gold cross instead . Returned it for a replacement of the correct item and received the same exact cross again . Canceled the order and am now waiting on a refund . I will write again if the wait for refund takes longer than it should .
 Sterling Silver Children 's Double Heart Pendant , 14 `` The heart itself is adorable . The minute you unhook the chain it starts to tangle . I purchased three for christmas presents and all three tangled once unhooked . I had to run out and quickly buy three presents . In my opinion ... this is badly made and if I could give this a zero rating I would . When this arrived and I opened the first box , I thought it odd that the chain was set behind the bottom pad ... holding a little velvet pouch with the heart inside ... now I know it was to prevent tangling .
 This toe ring could have come from a very cheap . It 's too small for the price . Looks like fake.Was so disappointed . Go back ... unfortunately .
 I have used one of these for a month , and I have observed myself , my general wellbeing , and my backpain with and without the necklace , while sleeping , while doing sport , while at the office ... and I have not noticed any difference at all . For this , and because , in my research , I have not been able to find a even a single scientifically justified reason for these to work , I am giving it one star . I only hope that others read this review and think twice before spending their money .
 I have also seen many people wear these . I workout a lot . I decided to order two braclets and measured my wrist at 71/8 and order 71/2 . I could not close the clasp . I sent them back only to have them returned !!! They told me it was custom - I order one black and one orange - how is that custom . I talked to two CS reps with the same answer - non-refundable !! They could have saved one customer by giving the correct size and sending back , instead they go to the expense of writing a letter and postage to send back the braclets.I have many people ask me about these in the gym - I can now tell them - DO NOT BUY , THE CS SUCKS . I guess I will find some kid in Middle School with skinny wrist and give it to them . I 'm blown away .
 I personally used the tape and the e-water lotion together and the combination effectively subdue my neck-shoulder ache which I have for many years . I applied the lotion daily after bath at night and replace the tape every 2-3 days . I am convinced with the technology that I decided to try their jewellery products since having the tape seen on body is not a pretty sight to public eye . Before I make any haste/impulse purchase , I googled for the product reviews and realised it is a mixed reviews - ~ 50:50 positive and negative . As I am convinced with what I have experienced with the tape and lotion effect , so I decided to trust my gut feeling to get the bracelet . I take it as the 50 % negative reviews could be because the users do not have any pain/aches to begin with so they do not experience any `` miracle '' . For example , if you have a flawless skin to begin with , you will not expect any miracle effect even if you apply La-mer/SKII/Lancome / Estee Lauder expensive skincare product daily . That 's the logic . I seriously ALMOST buy this product until I turned over the package and saw this
 the neckless is ok but the company i bought it from are very rude would never buy an ite fro the again.EVER
 The necklace was way to big and it was not the hot pink that was shown in the picture it had a more faded look .
 We have several Phitens - all of which are in the blue or black family . My daughter wanted an orange one , since her team colors are orange and white . In the photo , this looks like it is truly orange - and bright ! The reality is that it 's not . It 's a very dingy color , nearly brownish , and it almost looks as though it 's gone through mud and then someone attempted to wash it . Suffice it to say , I bought it for her for xmas , and she has n't worn it yet . I 'm thinking it will stay on her bureau . It 's too bad .
 this is a piece of crap i ordered my about 2 weeks ago and the only good thing about it was that it came about 2 days early which was good but the necklace broke the second day i got it .
 Yeah , so I was suckered into buying this product after seeing Josh `` LIAR '' Beckett wearing this during one of his pitching outings . Lem me just say THIS IS A PIECE OF CRAP !!! No way does this thing relieve anything . I think its all in your head because when I first bought it I too believed it was working . But now MY BACK HURTS !!!! LIARS !!!! ARGH !!! PS Josh Beckett is currently injured ... On the other hand , it does look nifty so if youre just buying it for the look then go for it . If not , go to an asian massage parlor or something .
 Come on , people ! If these products really worked , everyone would wear them ! The manufacturers want you to think they work , so they can sell them and make $ $ $ . I have tried the phiten , and the balance bracelet , and magnetic therapy . I have noticed no change in my myriad aches , pains , and stiffnesses . I have worn a phiten necklace for over a month , just to give it a chance . If anything , I feel worse with it on , so I am giving up . Save your money !
 This bracelet does n't contain any `` ions '' , `` technology '' nor `` energy '' which would noticeably affect the human body at all.Magic bracelets with different metals and magnets in them have been LONG PROVEN USELESS . Do you know who first debunked these things ? * BENJAMIN * * FRANKLIN * did , two hundred years ago!He found out that it did n't matter whether he put metals or magnets or pieces of painted wood in them , people could n't tell the difference . He told people they would increase strength , eliminate pain and cure all sorts of diseases with mysterious `` energies '' . Of course it was nonsense but most people who bought them nevertheless claimed that they `` worked '' . It 's just a bracelet . No ions . No technology . No energy . No magic.Buy this bracelet only if you want to show the world that you do n't have a clue .
 My necklace broke within a few weeks of purchase . -LRB- The bracelet I bought with it was too small . I wore it anyways , and it fell off within days and I lost it . -RRB-
 The necklace is unattractive and doesnt lay right on your neck . It 's made of rope and magnets and the rope is too thick and twisted . I returned it asap.Phiten Star Necklace , Black , 22 ''
 After 2 days it broke . I contacted phiten and they told me since I did n't buy it from them I 'm screwed . I was able to fix and improve it I like it . Just poor craftmanship
 I do n't know who the hell thinks this works , but it does n't . Nice necklace though . I have n't stopped wearing it just because I do n't have any other necklace to wear .
 Very , very , very dissatisfied with this order ... NOT the correct size . NOT the item pictured . Not the item titled . Says 18 '' , but it came as 22 '' . I have a small neck ... However , it shipped/arrived extremely quickly . ONLY good thing about ordering this item . I could have gotten pretty much the SAME EXACT item for $ 4.99 from another seller on Amazon . Stole $ 10 from me .
 Well , I got what I ordered . Does it work for me ? No . Besides wearing it as a fashion item this necklace serves no other purpose . If you are having pains in your body try stretching or heading to the gym . I promise that will work better than some gimmick .
 I ca n't believe there are so many gullible people out there . These necklaces do n't actually do anything . Look up phiten and pseudoscience.Like David Hannum said , `` There 's a sucker born every minute . ''
 Bought the 22 inch Navy Blue one . Should have bought a longer one as it can still be seen when I wear formal shirts at work.More importantly , I dont see any benefits with wearing this.I will give it a couple of more weeks and if I still see no benefits , I will write it off as one of my many frivolous purchases .
 I have the wrist phiten and it works great . I expected tension relieve in my neck but got more from wearing this neck one . They might be fakes . Buyer beware and check things out .
 I wore this for approximately 2 months , and hardly noticed any change . Maybe , I need to wear it longer , but I have noticed almost no improvement with my back pain .
 When I bought these earrings I did n't realize they would have words and little plastic eyes glued on to them . They are much more childish then I expected .
 the earrings were cheap made except the wire was silver . A sticker placed on a teardrop piece of metal I suppose it an steel alloy . One was off center and had a buckle in the sticker . It was n't laying straight . Looks pretty in the picture but was n't what I expected .
 I was sorry to find it looked cheap . The gold was n't a nice color , the gem stones much smaller than I expected . I sent it back .
 The rubies in these earrings are very dull , and my pair looked crusty like they were not cut properly . I sent them back .
 I guess I did not realize they were SO big . They are almost 2 inches in diameter .
 They did not look as good as they did online . They were also supposed to be for non-pierced ears , but the clasp was extremely painful and dug into the earlobe . I bought these for my wedding and will NOT be wearing them .
 Even though the picture shows two earrings you only get one earring when you order so you have to order twice to get a complete pair . Also the barbed wire closure had to be pried off to put the earring on and now noone can put it back on .
 I bought this necklace to replace my sister 's old one that I broke ; and she was disappointed when she found out that the clasp did not work . It did n't snap back like it should , and she was surprised because this necklace was a $ 7.99 one , not a 1 dollar one . The silver tone looks a little too fake , but the heart is very pretty , she says .
 The thin , tiny bracelet that arrived does not match the description of , ` heavy sterling silver ' at all . I have bought many nice pieces of jewelry from Silver Insanity , so was not expecting such a poor quality bracelet .
 it is much more beautiful in the picture , so do n't buy it and just enjoy it on the webpage . Just some cheap products , it is apparently over priced .
 This bracelet looked so delicate and elegant on the website , but when it arrived it looked tacky , tacky , tacky . I have n't worn the bracelet yet , and when I took it out to wear it a few days ago , it had already tarnished ! Unfortunately , I 'm already past the window of time in which I can get a full refund . I 'm not pleased with the quality or look of this bracelet . Very disappointed .
 the item was not worth $ 3.99 on wraping . also it was not really in good shape . i had to fix some parts of the item before I gave it for gift . Also since the wraping was horrible , I had to unwrapped the item and wrap it myself .
 This jewellry looks like something that a gum-ball machine would dispense . A five year old might be impressed , everyone else is left thinking `` this does n't look anything like the picture '' and wondering just how mis-leading your advertisments are allowed to be . The clasp is small and flimsy , and the roping texture of the band evident in the picture is non-existant .
 I do n't know why they call it Swarovski Crystal . There is no brand on the bracelet . The so called silver is unpleasantly coarse and rough to the touch . I do n't ' like it at all .
 I 'll need to change the clasps on these to a lobster claw ; the size on these is huge because the kind of clasps used gives the bracelet -LRB- must be -RRB- an extra 1/2 '' or so . So , it will not hang JUST loosely on my wrist ; it slides all the way to the middle of my palm . And my hands are not small ; I have average-size hands . I was very close to returning the item until I thought of the lobster claw modification , which is a great idea because it 'd be a shame to have to return a sparkly bracelet that looks so nice .
 It is very shiny , but it looks fake because it has a strange coating on it to make it shiny . Swarovski crystal does n't coat their products like that . Theirs catches lights naturally not like this one which depends on the coating . I have real swarovsski jewelry . When I wear them together , you can see great difference .
 I have to say that the crystal is a beautiful color and well represented by the picture . I was expecting sterling silver -LRB- especially for this price -RRB- but it looks like nickel . I am returning them because of the metal .
 They must use great photography because the picture looks NOTHING like what I recieved . The bracelet came completely tarnished and discolored . It does n't even look silver , it 's brown and rusty . The beads look a lot cheaper than what the picture shows . I was excited to buy this bracelet , but was completely let down when I opened the box . This was supposed to be a gift for someone and I am embarrassed to give it to her now . Sorry I wasted my money .
 The ring was not What I expected . The ring is not sterling silver but plated . When I re-read and parsed the description very carefully , it had legally covered itself . The jeweller I took it to resize the ring told me this . Also , he refused to confirm that the stone is , Red Garnett . In his opinion it could be just a piece of colored glass . Taught me a lesson not to buy jewellery on the Internet .
 my husband and I ordered this ring for our wedding bands . I can only wear sterling silver because of skin sensitivity ... this ring IS NOT STERLING SILVER . My finger turned green after wearing it for only a few hours . there was no `` 925 '' stamp on the ring either like they said.I 'm very disappointed .
 My husband gave these earrings to me for Christmas . They are attractive in box but upon close inspection they are poorly made . I wore them less than two months and the post broke completely off when removing from my ear .
 I bought this ring to replace my wedding ring after I broke my ring finger and my old ring did n't fit . When I got it , the ring seemed like cheap aluminum . I guess you get what you pay for . My daughter wears it now and likes it . That is why I gave it 2 stars .
 I purchased this item as a thumb ring and thought it was very cute . When I opened the package I noticed it was much thinner than I expected by looking at the picture , but it was n't a big deal , it was still very pretty and I liked it just as much . I was also very pleased that I had received it earlier than the estimated date . Unfortunately , the next night I took it off before going to bed and my thumb was green . I am very disappointed because it was such a nice ring and I was looking forward to wearing it all the time . I have bought several rings from this particular seller in the past , -LRB- 7 all together to be exact -RRB- , and wear almost all of them everyday . This was the only one that has ever turned my finger green . Very disappointed .
 I got this as a gift for my daughter . First , it came in a cheap cardboard box and bag , not the promised packaging on the website . Second , the links between the flowers are so small that the necklace kinked and was hard to straighten - it would be a nightmare every time you tried to put it on . Finally , the lobster claw clasp is so tiny that it 's almost impossible to open . Do yourself a favor and pass this one by - I 'm surprised that Amazon , whose products I order routinely , would carry such an item , and thankful for their return policy since I returned it after seeing it within five minutes of the package delivery to my house .
 I agree with the previous reviewer that it was a little hard to get unkinked and came in a tight bag that I was aghast to see such a big necklace stuffed into . However , my main problem with the necklace , that while pretty , looked like something you 'd buy for $ 5 at Claire 's and not an expensive Zina necklace . If you need a gift for a young girl it would be pretty , but it 's way too expensive for what it is -LRB- even at the $ 99 I paid -RRB- .
 Very disappointed with the ring . Turned my finger green . Ca n't wear it accept on a chain . Beautiful ring but poor quality silver .
 i bought this 6-size ring , the flower looks too big and too coarse , and its color is not exactly as shown in the picture.it 's just not refined at all . both my sister and I dislike it . i bought it for months , and it still sits in my draw . it just does n't look nice on a finger.don ' t buy it .
 Disapointed when I first got the ring in my hand.The flower is much more flat compared to the vivid look on the picture . The color is way different from what it looks on the picture as well , much brighter . This makes the ring looks un-balanced and cheap.I wo n't order it if I had ever a chance to put it on my finger.Won ' t bother to return though as I 've already paid $ 5 for S&H ; .
 I originally gave this ring an excellent review . My fiancee bought me this ring @ 1 year ago . I loved it . Then , suddenly the stone fell out . I tried to contact the company , sending them several emails which were never replied to . Yesterday I took the ring into a business that repairs jewelry and they told me 3 of the 4 prongs of this ring were garbage . My stone had been held in essentially by one prong . To repair my ring was estimated at 300 dollars !!!! Do not waste your money on this ring . I loved it , but now i am left with a stone and an empty setting ... not what I expected !
 This is a Genuine sapphire solitaire ring.Pros : - You do get a really large sapphire , which is great.Cons : - Setting prongs are not very symmetrical - not too much care was taken to set the stone.-Setting is shown on the photo at the most flattering angle . In fact the setting -LRB- actual metal ring -RRB- is very thing , and much thinner than on the photo . I 'll estimate it is 1-1 .5 mm wide and 1-2 .5 mm thick.-The stone is very dark . Very dark indeed . I have looked at the sapphire in very bright daylight , and only then was able to see the blue colour as clearly as on the product photo . More often than not , the stone looks black.-With sapphires , the darker the stone , the cheaper it is.Overall : The manufacturer of the stone has pictured it at the most flattering angle and setup . In reality the stone is very dark -LRB- dark-dark blue , almost black -RRB- , and the setting is very thin . Unfortunately this is not a good deal . It is not a ripoff either , as you are getting a large stone . You do get what you pay for , and it 's by far not a bargain .
 I really liked the rings design but it rusted after about 3 days of use . . Due to the price , i was expecting it to be good quality . . Do not recommend at all
 it 's ok . found something similar at red envelope but , they were out of stock . had hoped this would be a little `` more . ''
 I bought this as a Valentine gift for my bf & it came in time but after wearing it for a party , when he took it off , his finger was literally green . I would absolutely not recommend to anyone .
 i canceled my order of this product because the company palm jewerly took to long to shipped the product , two weeks had passed and it was processing.crystal
 received this today . 2 prongs were completely broken off and 1 already cracked . stones were crooked . other than that , it was a beautiful ring , but i am returning as it is visably noticable of the damage to the ring with a great risk that the stones will soon fall out . do n't know if this is due to shipping or company 's standard control .
 The 14k gold posts seemed to be good quality , comfortable for me to wear for weeks without causing any skin reaction on my super sensitive earlobes . The stones are lacking the sparkles , looks more like acrylic beads compared to the Amazon collection CZ stud earrings I 've purchased .
 I purchased these earrings for my daughter . They look cute in the picture , and it appears like the logo is inside the heart . Instead they appear to be plastic hearts , and logo is just pasted on . The `` diamond '' looking stones are just ugly . Very cheap looking earrings that went back the same day they arrived . They belong in the dollar store , and even there I would n't buy them .
 I decided to buy a gift for my mother , and I knew she would love this one , but when it arrived in the mail , I did not like it at all , it was too small , and four diamonds were missing , I just feel this was a waist of my money , and time . I have been buying on amazon for months now and everything that I have gotten has been up to my expectation , but this one .
 I do n't want to return this item ; however , I was a little disappointed - the quality of the chain was n't the best in my opinion . The chain was a little too large and not what I expected -LRB- even though it was supposedly copper or copper coated -RRB- . The Irish penny was very lightweight . I think the item would have looked so much better on a nice silver chain ... a little more streamlined . I 'm sorry to say , that I 'm not happy with this product ; however , it was given as a gift so I wo n't be returning it .
 You do n't indicated the color of the diamonds or the tanzanite nor the clarity . Unable to make a decision to buy .
 i ordered these earring and was disappointed with them . It was my fault as they had the dimensions listed . Not my style at all .
