 What was I thinking !? I saw the add for this in Gamepro Magazine and it looked great
 I really did try to enjoy this game but I just could n't . While the graphics are ok at best that is the only thing I like about this game . While it has many different weapons they weaken and break when you use them and are forced to fight without them . The game play hardly ever changes . Each element has the same type of enemies only with a different element . The game is also too short . Save your money for another game that is worth buying . If you are looking for a good action game this is NOT it . A game that I would highly recommend would be Dynasty Warriors 3 . If you are still interested in this game I recommended you rent it to be sure because I bought it and I am sorry I did . .
 Godai , Elemental Force is a joke . Do n't buy this purely by what you see on the back of the case . Considering the other games that look much better and have alot more to them , this game is nowhere near what it could have or should have been . I do n't know what type of storyline they were going for , but I can guarantee that the writers missed their mark , and if they did n't , they need to stop getting paid . The graphics and logic that govern your surroundings is the only thing good about Godai , but not enough to redeem the gameplay . If you are looking for a cheap PS2 game that 's good , this is the game not to get .
 This is hands down the worst PS2 game I have ever played . It 's probably also worse than any PS1 or N64 game I 've played as well.My girlfriend suggested it in a used game store because it had multiplayer , ninjas on it , and was like $ 2 . And for $ 2 I got completely ripped off . I could have got two wendy 's doublestacks for that.The graphics are horrible , the controls are terrible , and from what I remember of the only time I played it there is no save system . So I could n't have even forced myself to play through it one mission at a time , because it 's all or nothing . There 's a possibility that I 'm mistaken about the saving , but there were plenty of other problems to keep me from ever playing it again .
 If you want a basic idea of this game , think of everything that makes up a good game and what a game would be like if it had none of those aspects . That would be this game . The characters are the stupidest that I 've ever seen and their dialogue must have been written by a Devry institute dropout . Yes , it 's that bad . The story also sucks royally . Probably the worst thing about this game is the controls because they make no sense . The buttons are not custumoizable and game rarely responds to your commands . Its about as easy to control as sleigh pulled by hamsters . The graphics may not be that bad , but everything else about this game just really brings it down .
 Do n't waste your time . The other 3 -LRB- Madden , 2k2 , and Fever -RRB- are all MUCH better . This game looks like it was made for the Nintendo game system . It is just plain bad . Even the commentary is not that good . I played part of one game and have n't played it since .
 I have had this game for a couple years , it 's fun to play , I have always been interested in submarines.My only complaint is I am unable to save my game progress , I always have to start from the beginning , once I got to a poiny where there was some type pf fortress with some huge cannon , and could progress no farther.There is absolutely no support for this game , so if you have problems like unable to save games , you can do what I did , uninstall the game and toss it in the garbage , thats where my Steel Tide ended up after 2 years.All that effort wasted gets old after a while .
 I read the reviews on this game and it sounded like fun . I bought it and tried repeatedly to get it to run on Windows XP HE , but it keeps sticking or locking up ... I heard it was supposed to be a great FPS type , but , who knows ? If you really like gaming , do n't use XP ! Half my games that played on Windows 98SE wo n't play on XP , despite the so-called `` compatibility wizard '' ... I 'll keep trying to get this one to work as it has a lot of potential ... so I hear ... But , I 'll stay away from any Infogrames games after this ...
 I like most games from Infogrames -LRB- i.e. Tiger Hunt , Deadly Dozen , etc. -RRB- , but this game is horrible ! I bought it thinking it was an arcade version of Silent Hunter -LRB- Sub warfare in the Pacific -RRB- - boy was I wrong !! More of an altered universe around the same time as WWII ; -LRB-
 You can get a simple USB hub for a fraction of the price of this item . Why would you bother to spend 29.99 on this ?
 Instead of being called `` The Longest Journey '' it should be called `` The Longest Install '' . This 4 disk program was the slowest to install game I 've ever seen . It must have took 30 minutes to do a complete install.Once I started playing , I was shocked at the profanity . It seemed so out of place . The profanity did n't add anything to the gameplay.The third thing that I did n't like was the Lesbian land lord at the main character 's apartment . I did n't want to hear how fulfilled she was with her female lover.This game looks like just a nice adventure game but it 's pushing a hidden agenda.I 've only played this game for about 30 minutes and it has already become obvious that this game is not appropriate for children.It 's too bad that you ca n't even play a computer game without the -LSB- ... -RSB- agenda being slipped in .
 Cool graphics , but it 's so tedious and contrived that it feels like it 's taking forever ! It takes a long time just to run back and forth between the locations only to sit and listen to a lot of babble . When it finally comes time to solve a puzzle , most of the puzzling is done for you !
 -LRB- ... -RRB- P > I 've played some god-awful adventure games in my day , but I 've got to say that without a doubt , this is perhaps the most unplayable I 've ever attempted to endure . Game of the Year ? Best adventure game ever ? I 'm boggled by the reviews . I 'm a world-class cheapskate , and I 'll finish any game just to say I got my money 's worth , but this thing is just insufferable.Let 's take a look at the blow-by-blow :1 . But it 's got gorgeous graphics -- Ok , the scenery 's pretty . Know what ? So was the scenary in Myst , and that suckers a good 5 + years older than TLJ . And let 's keep in mind that when people are raving about the graphics , they 're referring to the SCENERY ; if it moves in the game -LRB- i.e. the characters -RRB- , then its blocky and clunky . I 've seen better quality in full motion video games than the character models in this thing .2 . The voice acting -- Yeah , it 's good , which indeed is a rarity these days . I must confess that I found the main character annoying after a while , but the voice acting was certainly top-notch . But what good is voice acting when ... 3 . They never shut up -- That 's right . Never . Never ever . And every time you meet a character , you 're going to find these enourmous dialogue trees , with layers on layers of their childhood , their sexual proclivities , their hopes , their dreams , blah-blah-blah-blah-blah-blah . And , in true adventure game style , you never know which little bit is going to yield that crucial bit of information that you need to progress the game . So you sit and you listen and you pray for death to come .4 . The story is just lame -- Maybe I just have a chip on my shoulder , but what kind of hippie , new age , gobbledy-gook is this ? What was the writer smoking ? I 'm quite forgiving , particularly in the realm of sci-fi and fantasy , but this thing is just trite and uninspiring . My favorite thing about the game is that it 'll put some outlandish rule out there , which normally I 'd just accept without thinking , but then they try and EXPLAIN it , and it makes no sense . For example : * Crazy outlandish rule -- So there needs to be a new Guardian every 1000 years . * Me -- Gotcha . 1000 years . New Guardian . Check * Expository character who ca n't stop rambling -- Oh but there 's a good reason for the 1000 year cap
 Some Windows XP systems -LRB- such as mine -RRB- will experience constant crashing . As in every couple of minutes , or every time you save . I can still manage to play by saving -LRB- it usually crashes after you save , luckily -RRB- , quitting if it did n't crash , and restarting , but that gets old after a few hundred repetitions . Funcom does n't seem interested in releasing a fix for the problem or acknowledging that it exists.It also sometimes stops responding to the mouse if you switch to another application -LRB- such as an instant message popping up -RRB- , and the textures always get hosed if you switch , so that also is effectively a crash.Also , saved games in the first slot can not be restored , so you may find yourself confused at the very beginning.It 's a bit long-winded ... sort of the longest-winded journey , and you may want to use subtitles so you can read parts and then right click in the dialog or hit escape to skip to the next audio segment . Similarly , you 'll want to use escape frequently to run instead of walking , or double click to move to run .
 I 'm torn with this game . Like many reviewers have said , the voice acting is terrific and the background scenery is very beautiful . And it is capable of holding your attention . However , the storyline and gameplay are not that good , and I think the developers tried to mask this by including a lot of characters and endless conversations to extend the game and make it seem better.First , my thoughts on the storyline . The storyline in games like this is crucial , because there 's not much action and the story is really all that a point-and-click adventure game has to fall back on . However , I think the developers were trying to go for a really original story and ended up making one that does n't stand out among other adventure/fantasy games . The premise of two worlds -- one of logic and one of magic -- and the battle to restore the balance between them was interesting , but it soon loses its zest when the game devolves into the standard `` collect the four magical artifacts and open the tower , blah blah blah '' . It really seemed like the game 's creators were trying to make this game out to be more than it really was . The game tries to present itself as some truly majestic adventure/big mystery , but it ultimately turns out to be nothing more than a standard plot where the protagonist is the Chosen One who must save the universe from the Evil Guy who wants to rule it with the magical MacGuffin -LRB- crystal , sword , book , or whatever object the writers choose -RRB- . Hell , it even includes various characters who comment on how clich&eacute; certain parts of the game are , like the bad guy saying something like , `` Is this the part where the heroine coaxes the villain into explaining all his plans ? Very well , I 'll tell you . '' The game is riddled with such hackneyed plot devices , and I think the writers believed they were distancing themselves from these clich&eacute;s by merely using characters to point them out . But what they were actually doing was drawing attention to the very clich&eacute;s which they seem to dislike , but which they nevertheless included in their game.The gameplay is also not quite up to speed . Many of the scenes are shot from very far away -LRB- probably to disguise the poorly-rendered characters -RRB- , and as a result it will take you about a minute to traverse from one end of the screen to the other , like in the abandoned junkyard scene . Though you can skip the often tedious conversations , you can not skip the character movements , like if you finish talking to a character and he slowly walks offscreen , you will have to sit there and watch him meander his way to wherever he 's going . Also , the game will occaisionally break into a pre-rendered cinematic cutscene , but they take about ten seconds to load and because they are so much better than the rest of the game 's graphics , they seem horribly out of place and usually make for a very distracting interruption.On the bright side , if you like adventure games this one should keep you entertained . The magic wears off quickly , however , and the negative aspects overshadow the positive ones .
 I tried running this game on a PC with Windows XP and it worked , except the graphics were splotchy -LRB- for example , her clothing was invisible so all I saw was a head , hands and feet -RRB- and the saved games would n't load . I ca n't play the whole thing in one sitting and therefore I have n't gotten past the first hour or so . I emailed the company and looked online for a patch ... they never returned my email and there is no patch . The game might be great ... but it does n't look like I 'll ever know !!
 I had high hopes for this game but was severely disappointed . I must have forgotten to look at the rating when I bought it because I ended up throwing the game away after hearing the F-word over 20 times . I also had to go and download a complete walkthrough because I was having such a hard time finding my own way through the game . It would have helped if there were some sort of clear checklist to follow in the game .
 ... does n't run with WindowsXP . Folks should know this if they have that OS and are thinking of buying this game . I learned this the hard way . In lieu of zero stars , I 'm forced to give it one star , as one can not post a review without stars .
 This is a short review . I hated the cussing , I may have been able to get through the whole game if it had not been for that and , blah , blah , blah ... blah , blah .
 The language in this game is appalling . I do n't see the necessity of vulgar language in any kind of computer game . Also , the game is slow and boring . I gave up trying to enjoy it and decided I had just wasted my money . If you are thinking of purchasing this game , do n't . There are many more games out there which are more enjoyable .
 This furturistic tale is neither uplifting nor reflecting of good values . I read previous reviews about it 's graphics , which are good however the content is not . It has a lot of profantity and touts adult situations that do not reflect good christian values . If you are a parent do n't get this software for your child since it is written as entertainment but is really a reflection of the writers morals , ethics and mindset . I bought this software thinking that it was a good adventure like the kinda kooky Syberia which was actually fun . This is not fun and does n't reflect wholesomeness . I am offering this review for only those of you who like me would buy this software without knowing before hand that it is NOT for everyone and certainly not for children .
 It 's mentioned in many other reviews but just in case you are thinking that it will work fine of your XP machine think again.I can play the game but everytime I save , the game crashes when i try to return.The conversations do get long winded . I probably would not have become so frustrated if the game did n't crash so much and leave me going through the conversation again .
 I was really looking forward to a new game and purchased this based on some awards and positive reviews on the cover of the game . What I wanted was an interesting adventure game -- and while there are points of interest -- I found it very dull . I had hoped that April , the female protagonist , would be kick-a -- , but instead her voiceovers were incredibly irritating and I began to loathe her mannerisms . I also disliked the end bit of narration that you get after completing each little task . Long conversations that you would love to skip , but that might contain a clue . Urgh.Maybe I 've turned into a curmudgeon , but I felt that the dialogue was geared at very young people , while the game was being marketed towards adults . The graphics are pretty poor , which I know is to be expected of pc games , and I might not have minded if the game 's overall pace felt faster . Of course , the pace is somewhat dependent on you -- each scene is a mystery that you have to uncover -- a slightly Mystish premise , but not nearly as well thought out or scripted . The clues in Myst were smart and fit together in well constructed puzzles . The situations work your way through in The Longest Journey are not as rewarding and often make much less sense . When you finish one of the puzzles , you ca n't help but shake your head and say , is this really what they meant ? Frankly , this is a game I would skip .
 I had heard such great things about this game but in all reality I found it very boring . WAY too much talk , most of it irrelevant . I finished the game , but skipped most of the really bad dialogue . I would recommend Syberia and Syberia II instead .
 It is incredible how I was suckered into buying this game from all the hype . Hell , it even comes as the `` Game of the Year Edition '' ! What a joke.Problem 1
 I bought this game because of the high rating in PC Gamer . I love to play PC games ! Most of the time you spend ` playing ' The Longest Journey is spent reading -LRB- if you have sub-titles turned on -RRB- or listening to the long-winded characters describing the plot . You get to choose from multiple questions to ask , and if you do n't ask the right question you ca n't continue the game ; therefore , you have to ask all the questions and listen to the ever-long responses . Yak , Yak , Yak ! The other time is spent watching April getting from here to there . The graphic scenery is incredibly beautiful and the voice-acting was the best I 've heard . The plot was interesting and so were the characters . `` Crow '' was my favorite . But I wanted a game to PLAY and something to do - not listen to or watch . Some of the long video-scenes began after the long-winded commentary and you just sat there and watched for what seemes like an eternity . It drove me bonkers ! Buy a good book to read or rent a good movie to watch - but for a game with some play value , look elsewhere .
 This seemed like a good game at first but later it became clear that it 's more like a boring movie . Conversations are SOOOO LONG that I wanted to tear out my hair - and I like the more story-oriented games ; but this is waaay too much . It starts out pretty interestingly but slumps down quickly and never returns . Graphics and music are really good -LRB- that 's why I gave 2 stars instead of 1 . -RRB- The game is also unbelivably unstable - it crashed so many times that I stopped counting after 50 . I must admit , I have n't finished it yet , so it may even turn into the best games ever evetually , but since it crashes all the time , I just do n't see that happening . The patch is worthless , I could n't even get it to install -LRB- I 'm not sure if I have the latest version and can not find out . -RRB- Avoid it .
 I do n't feel too bad , really , about getting this game , I only spent 9.99 for it . After all I was dupped into spenting much more for games that were extremely bad . With this one , at least the graphics were very good , simular to Syberia -LRB- which was far superior to this one , save the distracting cell phone conversations that had nothing to do with the plot -RRB- . Why I hated this game ? They talked too much , they talked more then my ex-wife , her mother , one of those boring late-night shows on PBS , and a parrot on speed rolled into one . They ran their mouths so much that I hated running into other characters . I played for a little more then an hour and still had n't advanced much . Not because of having any difficulting in playing , but I could stand all the boredom . I hated the characters , a bunch of Bohemian weirdos that make your spinchter tighten with talks of free sex -LRB- hetero and homo -RRB- and other forgettable nonsense . If you bought it and liked it , let alone finally got to the end of it , you 'll see why it 's the Longest Journey . The longest part is being able to stand the BLAH BLAH BLAH !!! I 'd sit through a Woody Allen film festival with a bottle of No-Doz before I 'd ever play this game again .
 I 'll make this short
 I thought I 'd enjoy this game based on some of the glowing reviews it has but it has turned out to be a big disappointment . I liked Syberia , Darkfall , The Black Mirror - all of which had compelling storylines and great atmosphere.The Longest Journey has neither . I find the atmosphere bleak and even depressing in this game . Worst of all , the conversations are TOO LONG . By the time the plot of the story was revealed I was nodding off at the keyboard.When the dialogue is n't rambling on about restoring the `` Balance '' and how it got all messed up it 's often crude and obscene . Lots of `` f '' words and offensive sexual remarks which are really unnecessary . Whoever wrote this storyline has a very adolescent mind.Annoyingly , at one point I saved the game and when I returned I found that all of the work I had done was lost -LRB- even though the picture which shows where April is at indicates the new save -RRB- . That is maddening.I 'm glad I paid only ten bucks for this game . It 's so slow and vapid that I 'd be annoyed if I wasted any more money and time on it .
 First of all , I got really impressed with the ratings and reviews this game got . But when I play it , I always double check to make sure its the same game ! . First of all , I live in Kuwait where pirated copies are only a few bucks and you find them everywhere . But I respect the time and effort put into the game , so I ordered it from outside . Original are hard to get in Kuwait . I received a box with plain two CDs without a proper pack or even a manual . Its like when you receive a free CD with a magazine . Thats really a shame for a start.Second , I started playing the game and not so impressed with the graphics resolution and neither the animation . But thats OK I said , its kinda old game perhaps . The mysterious story may be the good thing about it . The cursor itself , environment movement , and overall playing experience is one of the worst I have faced in adventure games.Third , the unlimited bugs who are seeming to be more difficult to beat than the game it self . I am only in the second chapter and this is the second time I am forced to repeat from an old save . The first save for some reason is not loading . The second time I moved on , I got stock somewhere where I can only move my cursor , and can click nowehere else . i.e. , I have to close and repeat.Despite our all hopes , it seems adventure gaming ages are really over . I rarely accept any single hint in an adventure game , but with this one , I already started reading hints just to move on and see where I end up ... and then there was the bug that stopped me . I really doubt I will ever continue the game , and even though its only 10 $ , I regret them .
 I did n't really like this game much . I found it rather too verbose , frustratingly verbose and boring . There is so much mindless blabber to wade your way through , and wade your way through you must as the clues are all in the speech.But worst of all was the ending which made a complete mockery of the entire quest and left me feeling drained and depressed.I say forget this game and buy Syberia instead , which I found so much more interesting and fun to play .
 I was really looking forward to this game . The first hour was great ... graphics are cool , April has witty , sharp biting things to say , then characters kept talking and talking and talking . And once they start you ca n't pause until they are done . I missed a big chunk of one explanation because the phone was ringing . -LRB- you can look in your dialogue log after -RRB- And the puzzles are way too easy . I would n't even call them puzzles , rather simple tasks to get you to the next long conversation . The story is pretty cool , I might keep playing just to see where it goes , but do n't think of this as a game , think of it as a long movie where you get to click the mouse every once in a while .
 -LRB- I would n't consider this review `` spoiler-ish '' , but there are some specific references to moments in the game as well as some solutions to simple problems . -RRB- As long as you 're considering buying this at Amazon , you might as well pick up a good book to pass the time while playing this game . For the 5-6 days it took me to get through it , I would estimate about 90 minutes of that was actual playing time . The rest was walking from one end of the screen to the other or waiting for minor animations to finish -LRB- you 'll come to curse the arrival of Crow as every time he appears , it takes about 30-40 seconds for him to finish hopping around , preening , and flapping his wings before you can do anything -RRB- . For the sake of brevity , adventure films and games often cut out some of the tedious details -LRB- such as a character walking from his front door to the car , fishing his keys from his pocket , opening the door , getting inside , adjusting the mirrors , etc. -RRB- to get on with more exciting and involving aspects , but The Longest Journey will have none of that.This is perhaps the only `` adventure '' game in which you 'll not only spend about twenty minutes figuring out what requisition forms you need to procure to convince some union laborers to cut short their lunch break , but also waste 30-40 minutes in a library , asking a librarian to get you about a dozen books , one at a time , reading them , and waiting for him to put each back before getting the next one.Many of the reviews here talk about the lush , beautiful graphics . They are certainly right and , fortunately , you 'll have plenty of opportunity to appreciate them as April has to run from one end of the screen to the other in just about every scene , leaving you nothing to do but stare at the landscapes for about 40 seconds . Considering , for example , that she has to run through four different scenes to get from the subway to Flipper -LRB- and back again whenever she 's done -RRB- , you 'll find yourself much less impressed with the shipyard background on your eighth visit than you were on your first.While the 18-or-so hours of pointless , non-game related small talk between characters adds a level of reality and humanization many other games lack , it gets tedious FAST , especially since you may be reluctant to skip through it for fear of missing a vital two word clue amongst the three hundred words of gibbering . It 's particualarly frustrating when the game requires the small talk before it will let you move on to the next step . For example , in one situation , you need to figure out the birthdate of a policeman 's wife . The conversation goes something like : `` Hey , how 's your wife doing ? '' `` Why do you ask ? '' `` I was just wondering . '' `` Seriously , why are you doing this ? '' `` Doing what ? '' `` You know what . Why would you go and bring that up ? '' `` I was really just asking to be friendly . '' `` What are you thinking ? '' `` I was just asking how your wife is doing . '' `` Do n't start this now . What are you doing ? '' `` I was thinking of getting her a birthday present . '' `` Why would you do that ? Are you crazy ? `` Blah blah blah blah blah . You have to make a point of asking about three or four times , even after he makes it clear he does n't want to talk about it -LRB- `` I 'm not discussing this with you ! '' Select `` So ... about your wife . '' -RRB- and sit through five minutes of pointless drivel to find out her birthday is tomorrow.I understand the creators ' desire to create a rich and full history for the lands of Stark and Arcadia , the Sentinel and the Vanguard conflict , and for each of the many cultures encountered . However , so often the writing plan seemed to be `` never say in one sentence that which can be said in twelve paragraphs , especially if you can add some animations in the middle , negating the ESC button 's ability to move things along . `` Oddly enough , there is a scene where April has to listen to an old sailor tell tales of the sea and gets bored enough to fall asleep , as if anything else anyone says in this game is worthwhile.As for the actual gameplay , the problem solving is either so simple its a little insulting -LRB- in the requisition form scene , there is a woman sitting at a desk with a wall of form-filled cubbyholes behind her , yet you have to spend a good five minutes or so talking to the union guys before they `` reveal '' where you can get the form you need ; in another scene , you spend a few days tracking down a navigator , then meet a captain who needs a navigator , then have to go have a conversation with the navigator in which she explains how difficult it is to find work before you shockingly put two and two together and realize she 's ... wait for it ... a navigator ! -RRB- or so ridiculously difficult , there is no logical reason anyone should solve it without a walkthrough or just by randomly clicking stuff . There is much more of the former than the latter and practically nothing in between.If this was Adventure Game of the Year , I 'm curious what other horribly lame games must have been released that year .
 I purchased this pad and the down arrow stopped registering within 3 days . I contacted the company and was promised a callback . No callback , no contact.The combination of a poor quality product and an unresponsive company means that I will never buy another product from this company again .
 I am a big DDR fan , and was very dissapointed with this mat . On the third day of recieving , my down arrow was broken , and Naki 's telephone and website are out of service . My friend owns a Konami mat , and they are very good , but I have to save up for one , which is a pain . That might sound sad , but I am only 14 and they cost 50 bucks !
 Within a couple weeks the down arrow started failing . Amazon quickly replaced the pad with the same results . Then we had to return the 3rd pad for the same reason . Something is seriously wrong .
 This pad works great for a couple hours , and , just like everyone else , the down arrow stops registering . Do n't waste your money on this pad . I am so mad that I did n't read the reviews before buying this product . Also , you ca n't feel with your feet whether you 're stepping on an arrow or another button . And , where are the lights ? Oh , and Naki 's phone number and website are out of service . I 'm not buying a Naki product again .
 I bought this pad for my daughter with her new XBOX and DDR software . The pad died in two hours . The back arrow would n't work anymore . I pulled out the instructions and it said to contact nakiusa.com - When I entered the website I received a page that said my account was suspended per an earlier email !!! What account ? What email . I 've never heard of this company until Christmas ! I saw Naki 's US address is on the west coast near where I live so I looked up their number through an on-line yellow pages site and called the number - guess what it is no longer in service . End of the road for Naki . End of the road for me and this product . We upgraded to a $ 99 product from RedOctane - unfortanately that one quit after two days ! Wish I had better reviews and luck . Good luck !
 My down arrow works fine
 This pad works very very well , for one day ... After the first night the back button went out . I read a few other comments and apparently its not just me haveing this problem . Dont blow your money on this pad . There are plenty out there that work better . I just got a $ 19 cheepO pad that works better this this PoS
 I need to send this product back . I used it once and it was great . Went to use it the second time and something is wrong with the pad . When I go to the menu to choose a program it keeps running up and down the opinions and will not allow me to click on just one program . How do I exchange this for a new pad that works ? Thank you , Sandi Polllpeter
 Hi , I got two of these pads for my birthday . One pad worked for about a week . The other failed overnight . I was very upset , my dad , he got me two different pads . Its called Ignition , it may be expensive , but dont waste your money on this pad , it sucks
 Hey J. Baer , sorry this response is so late , but I noticed you were asking about a good dance pad for the X-box . I wholeheartedly recommend the RedOctane.com Ignition Pad -LRB- Dual Platform Edition -RRB- . The cord is split at the end so that it will work with either PSX/PS2 or X-Box . Its quite a bit more expensive -LRB- $ 109.95 -RRB- than the pad listed on this page , but it is well worth your money . I 'm an officer for a DDR club at a university and we 've bought these pads for our club with money from dues . Most hardcore members -LRB- including myself -RRB- own Ignition pads themselves because they are the favorite softpad among the DDR community . We also have 2 Cobalt Flux pads , which are incredible , but not very practical for your purposes -LRB- $ 300 each -RRB- . Check out the RedOctane website and see what you think . They are definitely worth your money . We have been having problems with one of our pads lately , but thats because they get so much usage by all our club members . If it is just for your home and you take good care of it I 'm confident you will be very satisfied .
 This pad is simply horrible . I 've only had it for 3 weeks and already the down arrow does n't register . When I hit the left arrow it thinks I 'm pressing B . It often gives boos and almosts when I hit the arrow directly on time . It is a much better idea to buy the Ultramix and dancepad bundle when you get the game then to buy a different pad afterwards .
 This looked like a good buy from walmart . Got it , and all the moves dont ' register . I contacted Naki and they never got back . Called them , never got an answer . Walmart refuses to take it back . This was the biggest mistake I made with buying this mat !
 This is a pretty good pad UNLESS you are using it on xbox live . It will not show up on xbox live as a dance pad , so people think you are using a standard controller and do n't want to play against you.Naki has been totally unresponsive in answering my questions about this.We have two of them and they both exhibit the problem .
 I could n't wait to get playing . I played for a couple hours and it was `` good '' . But after that , the down arrow would n't work . You would hit it and it did n't do anything . I got three words for you Do n't Buy One . My cousins have Konami brand ones and they work great .
 I picked up this pad and , just like everyone else , the back arrow stopped working after a while . By all means , avoid this one .
 This was a great dance pad for about two days . After the second day , the down arrow would not register any button presses during a song . It would work fine every for every other use , except when pressing it in order to clear a song . Also , Naki 's phone number provided at their website -LRB- nakiusa.com -RRB- is out of service .
 I bought two of these , and the down arrow stopped working on BOTH within two days . I noticed this long before I read all the reviews that told of the same problem , but when I saw the reviews I realized that it was the product itself . Amazon took it back -LRB- I think , because it 's been 5 days and I have n't gotten a refund yet -RRB- , but my friend has the wireless pad and says it 's terrible . I do n't want to spend a crazy amount of money , and I want to buy new pads from a reliable dealer . What should I get that works for Xbox ? And do the simple Intel Dance Pads work for Xbox ? If someone could write a response review , that 'd be great .
 Down arrow key stopped sensing after 1/2 hour of use . Ordered replacement of same through Amazon . -LRB- Return process on Amazon was a snap and we had a replacement pad in 2 days . Thanks Amazon ! -RRB- Second pad worked for 1/2 hour and then down arrow stopped sensing . This time I cracked open the circuit board and was able to verify that the board electronics were working but the pad refused to sense . Clearly Naki has some manufacturing bugs to work out . Went over to Best Buy and picked up two MadKatz controllers last night and they seem great . Ca n't speak for other pads , but this one is a 0 star .
 I 've bought 2 of these and both of them are broken . Like several other reviewers , my rear buttons lose connection . Mine work for about 3-5 minutes of play .
 I bought two of these pads , and they both failed after just a day of use . Some of the buttons just stopped working . I had to return both . My daughters love the game . It 's one video game that gets them to exercise , so I 'll probably fork out more money for some better pads .
 I picked up this packed , having enjoyed the two Mummy movies , and thinking it would be cool to play a game where you can either be O'Connell or Imhotep . Unfortunately , the game was just poorly designed . Graphics collision errors abound , resulting in your character being able to partially go through certain objects , or stand in empty space without falling . These things detract from the game and make it frustrating to play . I really did try to look past the downsides , as I am generally easy-to-please video game-wise , but this one just was n't as much fun as it should have been . The basic concepts were ok ... you are exploring an underground temple , your son gets trapped and you must free him , amongst other quests , but the design was likely rushed to coincide with the DVD release , resulting in bugs and design flaws galore . I 'd recommend buying the DVD by itself , or at least renting the game before you plunk down all that money for it .
 The movie included with this pack is an excellent action flick that will show of your home theatre system nicely . It is n't a movie that should be criticized on plot , etc. because in the end it wasnt going for an oscar award and simply trying to be a good action movie which it is . the special effects are very well done and the sound is also above average . Where this movie really shines is the picture quality . The widescreen edition 's picture quality is perfect . i cant imagine how good the pan and scan version looks . However this pack does have its down side . and that is the poor quality of the video game of The Mummy Returns . Lets face it there arent that many good video games out there made after movies -LRB- exceptions being Goldeneye N64 , possibly The World is not Enough N64 -RRB- . So in the end the high price on this pack probably isnt worth it , you should just get the DVD alone and save yourself the money
 I love Mahjongg but this game would n't work on my computer . I have Windows XP and I can only play for about 60 to 90 seconds before the game freezes up and I have to stop . If I want to continue playing , I have to restart my computer , and , even then , I can only get about another 60 to 90 seconds before it happens again .
 I loved Unreal . I bought it for the PC about the same time I played Half-Life . Both game 's graphics and storyline were unbeatable at the time , only to be beaten by Halo . Halo is now the standard.So now I have an Xbox . I have played both Halo and Halo2 . I have beat the game muliple times and we play huge deathmatches as well . Face it . Halo is the standard and this is now what you have to measure up to.Enter Unreal II . I find it sluggish and buggy . It takes too long to load and there is a lot of extra cut scene mumbo jumbo that just wastes time . The character build up is pointless , and the voiceover of John , our hereo , sounds more like a pharmacist that a space warrior.The graphics are pretty good , but they all are these days . i mean , why do you play ? To kill , right ? Plus , I have found that the weapons -LRB- at first -RRB- all look alike . The grenade launcher looks like the shotgun looks like the flame thrower -LRB- etc. -RRB- . But soon yo figure out the subtle differences.But hey , I only paid a few bucks for it at gamespot . I am glad I did not pay full price . Half Life 2 was a great positive step up . Unreal seems like a step backwards .
 Yes folks , it 's sad but true , but this game is a very poor port of the PC version . I wonder how the programers could waste the potential this game had on a machine that delivered us a firt gen game like Halo . I was excited about this game ; although even the PC version is a less than fantastic game , i kind of liked it . Than comes the time for the Xbox version , and what a disappointment . The graphics are a mere shadow of the PC version . Like the other reviewer said , the cutscenes are terrible , i could n't beliave my eyes . The graphics are bad for even those who never played the PC version . Not that i do n't think that Xbox can recreate the graphics of the PC version , because a machine that can deliver us games like Halo and the wonderful `` PC port '' of Return to Castle Wolfenstein certainly can do that . Ok , the graphics are bad , but the gameplay is still good , right ? Wrong , it feels like the programers did n't pay much attention in porting the gameplay to the Xbox control , because it 's very jerky . At least the sound is still good , but that 's it . I am a huge Xbox fan and i had high hopes for this game , but all i can say is to avoid it .
 I loved Unreal ! I loved Unreal Championship ! Unreal II SUCKS ! It 's on the XBOX , so why such bad graphics ?! The video outtakes are toooooooo long ! Why bother with them , after we 've played the game once they just get in the way of replayability . -LRB- is that a word -RRB- Buy it used , if you just have to have it , or better yet borrow it from a friend and do n't watse the money .
 unreal 2 the awakening has a lot of problems the graphics suck the weapons are very ordinary the mission objectives are at times nearly impossible to complete and the thing that puts it over the top is its poorly written plot line the cut scenes are boring and you have to sit through them avoid this game and get halo or halo 2
 I do n't even know how to start this one . Pretty much , you want to be Master Sergeant , but are n't good enough to be him . Number two is the game is not long . I got bored and the game only took 9 hours to beat.Worthless , have n't touched it since that day.Worthless , in one word.Worthless , get the drift ?
 I will start this review off by telling you how wrong the description of this game was.First it said it 's vastly popular . I had never heard of this game untill I saw it at Blockbuster . It also said it has stunning graphics . Unless you 've been playing Pong all your life , these graphics will NOT stun you at all . Actually , it will stun you at how bad they are . The enemies are like 2 frames per second.The ups and downs : Ups
 This game just had so much potential . Sweet graphics , cool storyline , gameplay like Halo , Xbox Live Play . What the hell happenned then ? I popped the game into my xbox , started a Single Player game and was immediatly greeted with an ugly cutscene that looked like it was programmed for the Atari Jaguar . I thought `` Well ok ... the graphics will get better ... and the gameplay will kick ass ... right ? '' WRONG ! I got into my first battle and I thought I had a slow mo cheat on . I mean , the game was chugging at about 3 frames per second . To make matters worse , the monsters have 2 frames of animation . And no , I am not exagerating - the monsters literally look that pathetic . As the game was pretty much unplayable at that point , I just gave up `` playing '' -LRB- more like watching a flip book -RRB- and sold it as fast as I could . Not having Xbox Live , I could not test the online component of the game ... but it has to be better than single player . Overall , I would stay far way from this and go buy Halo or Halo 2 or Brute Force or pretty much any First Person Shooting game out there . If Atari had actually taken the time to iron out all the bugs , Unreal 2 actually has some ass-kicking potential . As it is , the game is an over-hyped piece of junk .
 This game looks worse and plays worse than old PS1 games , now I played this on the PC and I wanted to play it on xbox . Boy was I mistaken , the game looks horrible , and it just feels wrong . THe single player is just downright boring because of how it plays . And the mulitplayer , I played XMP -LRB- which is what the PC version was -RRB- and it was a lot of fun , but on Live with more than 8 people it gets super laggy . And the maps are for probably 16 people at least ... They are HUGE . Overall this game sucks , I ebayed mine .
 I played this game for 3 minutes and it didnt take me long to realize how horrible this game was . The first enemy I incountered I shot down and it had two frames of animation . Doom 3D had better graphics and animation than this steaming pile . There is nothing about this game that merrites a $ 40 price tag . Stay away from this game ! I use the word game only becuase it is only playable by a gaming system . This is just one of the horrible games that came into existince since the first Halo came out .
 I do n't want to repeat what the previous two reviews have said . I agree with it all , except the parts that say it is an okay game . It 's not . The single player is simple , boring , graphics below average , too much dialogue , and takes way too long to load . The multi-player has some cool ideas and concepts to it , yet takes forever to load and the gameplay is slow . Why is it so much slower than Unreal Championship ? Why does the PC version have so many game modes and the XBOX only has one option?Bottom line
 Miserable game that uses atrocious checkpoint type saves since the designers apparently lack the imagination it takes to make the game challenging otherwise . This is even worse than most games that use checkpoints due to lack of creativity in that it can set you back very far in your progress . Beyond that , there are several other aspects that make this game pretty crummy : The story and characters are almost like something from one of those made for tv sci-fi movies . There is the sensitive , but tough main character - the hot , almost super hero type chick in a sexy outfit with a bad attitude - an alien companion who is there just so that there is an alien companion - and the weeny little mechanic that shows that he can still contribute despite being a spineless geek.The enemies are much less impressive than most other games of this type and seem to run around wildly sometimes for no other purpose than to be a rapidly moving target . And I do n't mean this in the tactical way either . They just run back and forth like idiots.Although there are gobs of weapons , none of them are really impressive except for maybe the grenade launcher . And when playing games like this on a console , too many weapons can sometimes become a pain.I have not tried the online game for this , and from what I understand , that is all most Unreal games are worth in the first place . What makes the single player even more disappointing is that a lot of the things available for the online game are not available such as vehicles and even the ability to run.The upshot is , unless you want it for the online game or you really like doing the same thing over and over again via brainless checkpoint saves , avoid this game .
 I bought this game for the Xbox about a month ago , and have regretted it . Unreal II does n't have much going for it . The graphics are average.What it does n't have going for it
 Warning
 I dont know if any of you guys remember the first doom on Super Nintindo , but this game is similar to it and that is sad ! Today games should be around the level of high-tech . For example halo 2 , games need to stay in that level or continue to get better which they are , -LRB- PS3 , Xbox 360 , Wii , and future game systems to come -RRB- . Back to the reviewGraphics
 If this is anything like the PC version , then give it a miss . The PC version was undoubtably the worst FPS I 've ever played !
 This DVD remote -LRB- manufactured by Pelican -RRB- is defective by design . It only works if you are sitting 4 feet or closer to your XBOX 360 . I am certain that this is because of the cheapness of the product but why would Pelican even bother selling a DVD remote at all if the user must stand so close to their XBOX 360 that they could actually push the buttons on the console instead ? This kind of defeats the whole purpose of a `` remote control '' in my opinion . I contacted Pelican to see if they would give me a better product , however , their customer response was completely unsatisfying . Basically , Pelican customer service told me to pay to ship it back to them and include $ 4 to cover the cost of return shipping - then they would send me another of the exact same remote . Do n't buy this !!!
 I 'd give it 0 stars if I could , although it 's small and black it is completely useless unless your directly in front of the Xbox and even then it 's glitchy . I bought the actual Xbox remote the white one I do n't believe it 's made by MS but that one does n't work any better I recomend stick with the controller or maybe the actual MS brand one works better
 Jeopardy 2003 is a huge WASTE OF MONEY ! First of all , the program is flawed because it periodically shuts down . And it will do so in the middle of a game , so be forewarned . Second , all of the questions are exactly the same as the Jeopardy 1st edition game ! I thought I was buying a whole new , fun Jeopardy game -LRB- because after much play on the 1st edition , my family and I had memorized most of the answers -RRB- . Instead , I got essentially the same thing as I already owned , only the computerized Alex does n't have a mustache this time . Furthermore , the `` Tournament of Champions '' ... totally bogus . It is mostly questions from the regular Jeopardy rounds mixed up to make you think they are the more difficult T.O.C. questions . Overall , this game gets a big fat ZERO with me . The price I paid was NOT well worth it for what I received . Alex and Merv should have thought twice before putting their names on this game ...
 Game is ok by itself ... and would have gotten a 5 star rating from me if it could be played online or at least via LAN . Since it can not it does not warrant that high of a rating . As a matter of fact I would not recommend anyone PURCHASING this game for anything over $ ... There are plenty of other online trivia games . Wait until Infogrames reaches the technical level of true multiplayer gaming instead of having bored gamers huddle around one keyboard -LRB- which is meant for use by one person , by the way -RRB- .
 I purchased Jeopardy recently - started playing it - also played with friends - we are disappointed - it is not the quality of fun that playing along with the TV - Having adjusted the controls on answering found Jeopardy pays no attention , on several occasions correct answer and correct spelling having been given - we were told we were wrong and then told the correct answer - which turned out to be EXACTLY what had indeed been answered - this is frustrating and takes all of the joy out of the game - and it does not recognize the players ringing in when it wants to include annonymous - just ignores fact that one of our players has rung in first . Sorry I purchaed it - will not consider purchase of updates as offered.P . Sandler - Florida
 Among its major design faults you MUST always run the game with the CD-ROM in the drive and it does n't tell you the correct answer if you get it wrong !!! As a traveler with a laptop with a seperate CD-ROM drive , I do n't want to have to take it with me . Why cant the program work on its own?It is also stupid that it does n't tell you the CORRECT answer if you get it wrong or do n't answer . This is what makes it interesting !!! There are also a lot of bugs such as overlaping audio tracks which make this less than adequate .
 After being addicted to the second edition of Jeopady I was very excited to play the new Jeopardy 2003 . Unfortunately , I found out quickly that not much has changed with this newest edition . I was so disappointed when I found even some of the questions were the same ! If you want to see Alex 's new look and want to play the higher stakes dollar amounts , then run right out and buy the new Jeopardy 2003 . If you 're looking for a game that challenges you more than the previous one did , this is not the one to buy .
 In this day and age I assumed all vidio games , exspecially a game like jeopardy or wheel of fortune would have online multiplayer capabilities so you could play with friends online . I was wrong . . that would have made this game a 5 star to me . ...
 The `` explanation '' for why one does n't get the correct answers in a solo game -- that `` solo mode is practice '' -- is simply unacceptable . One of the benefits of most computer games is that one can play a full-fledged game against a virtual opponent . It is unlikely , having learned this , that I will purchase this software.However , I do n't understand what Douglas Gardner 's problem is with the Forest Hills commentator 's playing while traveling -- playing a game with the audio low or with headphones is not the same thing as yelling into a cellphone -- so long as s/he 's on public transit and not driving a car !
 Of all the video games that come out each year for the various consoles and platforms , the subgroup of movie based tie-in games are quite possibly the most feared and most dreaded , due to the constant low quality of many titles . Transformers , regrettably , is another example of a game based on a great franchise , yet for the most part does n't succeed in creating an enjoyable and fun game.As a game based off the extremely successful movie , Transformers follows the plot of the film . You play as either the Decepticons or the Autobots and wage a campaign to obtain the Allspark , the mythical object that gives life to the transformer race . Along the way you take on hundreds of Autobot/Decepticon drones and get into enormous fights with the main robots of the opposing side , such as Bumblebee , Starscream , Jazz , Blackout and of course , Megatron and Optimus Prime . You 'll fight , shoot , and drive/fly through several stages on your quest to either destroy the world or save it . And while the idea of giant shape shifting robots running around and beating each other up sounds like a surefire concept ... the game , incredibly , disappoints on almost all aspects.It seems almost inconceivable that such a sure-fire franchise can be so simplistic and disappointing when developed for a video game , yet Transformers the game does exactly that . How to begin ? Well , perhaps the worst aspect of the game ... moving around as a vehicle . An essential part of the Transformers mythos is their now famous ability to become a vehicle such as a car , truck , jet , etc. . And sure enough , this ability makes it into the game . With a simple touch of a button you can change from robot to vehicle and vice versa . The first time you do this it 's pretty much guaranteed that you 'll be giddy with excitement . The speed and agility at which it happens -LRB- usually less then three seconds -RRB- is exciting enough to watch that one never gets tired of watching it happen . Yet ... the moment you start moving around and driving , you realize that something is wrong . Driving around as a car is difficult ... very , very , very difficult . When your car is swerving around the road and close to crashing at any given second , you realize something ... the driving controls for this game are HORRIBLE . They are , without a doubt , the worst I 've ever played in a game . It 's not the controls themselves that are bad , but rather the responsiveness . Driving a car , thanks to the over-responsiveness and loose feeling , feels like you 're always driving on ice . A simple tap to turn left will have you veer left at such an angle that you quickly tap right to correct , only to swerve so far to the right that you immediately press the left button to try and correct , etc. . As a result , you end up swerving back and forth almost endlessly as you try to get to whatever your destination is . A simple over-tap of a button and you 'll be swinging around in circles while your enemy is speeding away -LRB- and much to your disgust , navigating the roads perfectly -RRB- . One of Bumblebee 's missions inside Hoover Dam is rendered almost impossible by the controls -LRB- You have to hunt down security drones before they sound an alarm -RRB- , leading to many , many restarts and shouted curses as these drones that drive perfectly through the roads.The controls for flight aircraft -LRB- such as Blackout in helicopter mode and Starscream as an F-22 fighter jet -RRB- are , shockingly , even worse then the driving controls . When you take to the air , things get even worse as you frantically try to control your jet or helicopter , wobbling up and down so much that an observer would think that the pilot was dead drunk and close to passing out at any moment . These controls are ATROCIOUS , so much so that at times it 's virtually impossible to complete what should be a simple mission . For example , at the end of the first Decepticon mission , you have to shoot down twenty jets in six minutes while flying Blackout around as a helicopter . It sounds so simple , yet due to the over-reactive controls it borders on next to impossible to complete . While going in a straight line and turning is simple , aiming your craft up or down is a nightmare . You 'll move the mouse down to tilt down , yet nothing happens . You move the mouse harder and then you tilt ... but at a much steeper angle then you wanted . Now you 're plunging towards the ground and frantically move the mouse up . You tilt up , but your nose is now pointing at the sky and you 're heading up like you mean to head up into outer space . The problem with the flight controls is that when you want to go up or down they are under-responsive , seemingly not registering a simple control movement to make a small adjustment , forcing you to over-react to compensate and as a result , you take on the appearance of a drunk pilot . Things only get worse when you 're being hounded by dozens of planes that are trying to blow you up.When in robot mode , things get better in game play terms . Transformers the game uses the now immortal WASD control scheme . You use the W , A , S , and D buttons to move around , using the mouse to control your direction and the camera movement , as well as the mouse buttons to fire your guns . Thankfully this part of the game does n't have any problems with controls , but it does have another issue ... the fighting system . To sum it up , it 's too simple and too repetitive . You have a main gun , a secondary gun , and your melee attack . The problem is that the melee attacks consist of a single button -LRB- or mouse wheel , depending on how you set the controls -RRB- that you tap over and over again to do the same three hit combos . Virtually all battles are fought by running up to the robot and hitting it until they die . Sometimes you 'll have to consist with a shield , a spinning crane that you have to disable , or some other barrier or obstacle that you have to deal with before knocking the enemy robot into rubble . So it boils down to running up to your foe and hitting him until he 's dead . Rinse and repeat . While it 's okay at first , it does get repetitive and disappointing as time goes on . It especially becomes disappointing when most of the boss fights consist of attacking the bad guy until he runs away , then you fight his henchmen for a while , then attack the bad guy again until he runs away again , etc. . Even the Prime vs Megatron fights boil down into this disappointing pattern . It would be great if there were multiple combos to use in the game , or perhaps a few choices in fighting styles , but sadly the combat remains simplistic and ultimately disappointing . And on the issue of combat , many people have pointed out how your robot may be equipped with powerful guns , yet over half the robots you encounter have impenetrable shields that make them completely immune to your high powered laser gun/cannon . Even mighty Megatron 's enormous gun ca n't penetrate the shield of a simple drone . It gets exceptionally annoying when you have a powerful gun and ca n't use it because your foes can instantly raise a shield and keep it up indefinitely , even when they are getting thrown through the air and getting onto their feet.The campaigns that you go upon , whether it 's the Autobot or Decepticon , will take you to various locations seen in the movie , such as the Qatar military base , the suburbs that the Whitwicky family live in , the inside of Hoover Dam , and a big city where the final showdown between Autobot and Decepticon takes place . Every level is basically a big , free-roaming stage where you drive to various points to get your next mission or objective . For the Autobots , most of these objectives and missions consist of , A. Destroying Decepticon DronesB . Driving somewhere within a time limitC . Doing both A and BD . Fighting a Decepticon Boss.Decepticon missions are roughly the same , with the exception that they involve much more destruction and chaos then the Autobots . While most of these missions are serviceable and generally okay , you eventually wish there was more variety . For example , I 'd like to see some autobot missions where you have to save humans in trouble or do a few stealth missions . Or perhaps some Decepticon missions where you have to smash into a heavily guarded base to get some fuel for the Decepticons and then have to contend with an unexpected Autobot invasion , or even an attack on an Autobot base of operations . There are some creative missions and some very fun moments -LRB- one of the best is when you 're playing as Megatron and your only objective is to cause as much destruction as you can -RRB- such as Jazz 's final mission , but these are few are far between , with most of the missions being `` search and destroy '' . Despite it 's flaws -LRB- and they are serious ones -RRB- , Transformers the game does have it 's good points . If your system can support them , the game does offer some great graphics , especially on the robots . The environments are huge and detailed , offering a lot of things to look at -LRB- and blow up -RRB- . If you look closely , you can even see the inside of buildings , such as rooms and furniture , especially when the walls have been blasted away . With regards to the robots , it 's fun to simply rotate the camera and marvel at the incredible amount of detailing on each robot . And as said earlier , it never gets old watching the robots switch back and forth between vehicle and robot forms , so much so that you wish there was an option to slow the process down so you can get a better look at how it 's done . As another bonus , the game is very cheep compared to most movie tie-in games , available for purchase at most stores for only twenty dollars , so it 's quite cheap . And as a final bonus , the final movies at the end of both campaigns are great fun as they showcase the true powers of both Optimus Prime and Megatron -LRB- and the final cutscene for the Decepticons is great ! -RRB- . If you like destroying things in huge bouts of want and destruction , you should greatly enjoy the Decepticon campaign , which focuses exclusively on destroying things.A special note has to go to the voiceovers in the game . Shia LaBeouf , Megan Fox , and Peter Cullen reprise their roles as Sam Witwhicky , Mikaela , and Optimus Prime from the film . Furthermore , possibly the best addition to the game is Frank Welker returning to voice Megatron , reprising his role from the original cartoon series . All the voice acting in the game is excellent , but hearing Cullen and Welker is simply a joy , especially with Megatron . Though you can tell his voice has aged since the cartoon , I now wish that Mr. Welker voiced Megatron in the film as his distinct voice is a delight to listen to -LRB- `` Where are the Autobots to protect you now Fleshbags ?! '' -RRB- . Furthermore , there 's plenty of bonus material to unlock , ranging from artwork to comic covers to toy shots , trailers for the film , and even some generation one skins/repaints . So if you work hard enough , you can finally play as Megatron in his generation one form -LRB- though he flies around instead of turning into a gun -RRB- and you can play as Optimus in his original cab form -LRB- though why he shoots bullet and grenades from his wrists instead of guns I have no idea -RRB- , which should please fans of the original cartoons . Sadly though , those are the only skins that are unlockable . It would have been great to see other characters such as Starscream , Jazz , and Bumblebee get their original forms to fly and fight in , but perhaps that 's something that will be put in a future patch . Most of the content is unlocked by completing skills such as doing circles while driving , going very , very fast , not being hit by combat , jumping while in vehicle mode , etc. . There are also challenges to complete , such as pushing all enemies out of a cirlce in a time period , hunting down objects , etc. . Sadly , due to the terrible vehicle controls , completing some of these challenges are almost impossible , especially when you have to hunt down vehicles and destroy them.In the end , Transformers does have a lot of very serious flaws . The controls for driving and flying are awful no matter how you put it , the combat is very simplistic and repetitive , and the whole experience is a bit shallow and disappointing . Figuring that many of these problems could be fixed in a massive patch is disapointing as well . Let 's hope that Activision does release a patch to fix them , especially with the controls . However , the generally excellent graphics , excellent voice work , unlockable G1 skins , and being able to destroy lots of stuff -LRB- the environments are VERY destructible -RRB- does give the game an appeal that is best suited in short bursts , rather then very long sessions of play . If I would recommend this game for purchase ... I really would n't recommend it unless you 're a die-hard fan of the transformers franchise and the film itself . You should be able to put up with the game 's flaws and enjoy the game , but others wo n't be so forgiving . So if you 're a die-hard fan and have about twenty dollars to spend , you can have a good time . If a patch is released , even more so . But everyone else should generally just leave this game alone.Final rating
 I bought this game at ****** for my boys and installed it right away . From the get go , you could tell the graphics and sequences are choppy -LRB- despite my rig that runs Company of Heroes without a hitch -RRB- . The controls are probably some of the worst for any game out there ... the flying and driving sequences are nearly impossible . Some of the missions that you have to accomplish ca n't be done in the time alloted . In one of them , you control Scorponok and have to wipe out five communications rigs in 2 minutes ... and they 're scattered all over the map . Unless I have a teleportation ability that I do n't know about yet , I ca n't figure out how to do it ... all the time fighting the controls to get him to do what I want . The targeting system is the worst I 've seen in a 3rd person shooter game . All in all , I would hope that the console versions are better , because I 'm glad I only spent twenty bucks on it . My kids are disappointed because they wanted to progress through the game and see the different missions and characters . The only reason why it gets zero stars is because I ca n't choose it . Unless a patch comes out , this will sit on my shelf .
 Where to start.You only get to play certain transformers on certain levels , you hardly get to play Optimus prime at all.You 're cannons are pointless as must enemies just shield themselves and most characters need to be hit with something , like a tree or a brickbefore they stop being invincible.Some levels are so frustrating you 'll scream , e.g. - Theres a level here where Megatron can be kicked around by `` invincible '' Autobot characters , which is just weird . - When you 're Blackout fighting Ironhide he 's hard to control , easy to kill and trips over everything . - Many levels are 20 minutes long and if you die you start again.No replay value , barely any play value.Stay miles away unless you 're a hardcore Transformers fan why is n't bothered by anything .
 This game absolutely horrible . It was a poor game on the consoles and they did n't even make a slightest effort while porting it to Windows to make it more PC like or increase texture resolution since PCs are capable of better graphics than consoles . For a 2007 game it has 2001 graphics , the controls are horrible , mouse panning even at highest sensitivity is dog slow , driving and flying is impossibly frustrating . What this game has plenty of is bugs . Do yourself a favor and spend your money on something else .
 Buggy stages design.They made the driving part of the game difficult by simply making the handling of the car modes of the robot extremely twitchy and hard to control instead of the stages itself being difficult.Lame enemy attacking and counter-attacking mechanism . Beating the bigger enemies only involve throwing vehicles or objects towards them at specific time . There is no other way to beat them , it 's the same from Barricade to Megatron . It gets boring after a couple times.Save your money for other Transformers Toys or for the Transformers 2 movie tickets , just do n't spend it on this game .
 I 'm a 100 % transformers fan . That 's the only reason I bought the game after reading all the bad reviews of it . -LRB- I think there were 98 bad reviews for every 2 good ones . -RRB- All the reviews were right . It 's the worst , most unimaginative , hardest to control , most frustrating , most repetitive , stupidest piece of junk out there on the video game market . Unless you want to be banging your head against the wall every time you play it and wishing you 'd spent the money on a couple of deluxe line transformer toys instead , do n't even think about buying it.If you really really really have to try it , rent it for $ 5 . Then see how quickly you get frustrated and sick of it.By the way , every level is EXACTLY the same as the last stupid level . No development or originality or thought put into it whatsover . Just the same impossible to control chases and poor excuses for fights over and over again . And bumblebee is by far the worst of the autobots control-wise , which is really annoying because you have to start with him .
 Simply a waste of money . It uses Codec iv50 video driver which is not installed in MS XP after Service pack 2 , vista or W7 . You can get it to run with a lot of messing around but you will still be disappointed . The computer players can Trade and Build houses out of turn which is just irritating and makes to play slow . Poor graphics , it is hard to tell where your token is on the board . It has some animation and voices assigned to the tokens ; I played it on mute because it was so annoying . While Version2 has the same codec issue , it plays much better .
 This game does not even attempt to bring back the atmosphere of the original Monopoly game . It has several design flaws ; the computer plays out of turn , the animations are not synchronized , and , worst of all , the `` voices '' in the game quickly become annoying.Another quirk is that the game fails to offer any method of changing the level of difficulty -LRB- e.g. , there is no difference in `` easy '' or `` hard '' -RRB- . Also , please note that this game was not written by the true Atari company ; instead , Infogrames have changed their name in order to establish a different reputation ... I think , however , that they are ruining Atari 's reputation !
 This game has several design flaws . For one , the computer constantly plays out of turn . This can be annoying when trying to make buying decisions . Secondly , the `` voices '' in the game quickly become old . You have the option of turning both this and the music off , which you may as well do , because both are of low quality . The music is that of redundant piano music ; in other words , annoying . Additionally , the difficulty options that allow for easy to hard playing do not differ ; I found no difference in difficulty when I chose easy or hard.Also , please be aware that this game was not written by the true `` Atari '' . Infogrames have changed their name to Atari to sound better , but it is still the same old French company that make bad games like this .
 While this game is top of the line fun when playing other people , I 'd have to recommend not playing against the computer . While playing the AI , my friends and I have noticed that the game cheats incessantly . The game allows the AI to build on your turn , but you can not build on theirs , It almost never lands on my property , but I land on it 's almost every go-around . the game allows the CPU to buy land -LRB- both for sale and on auction -RRB- even though it has NO cash and it offers outrageous trades . For example
 All in all , there is actually very little to praise in Monopoly 3 . The music is dull and after a few minutes begins to grate . The voices are annoying from the very start . The game , as noted in other reviews , cheats incessantly ; making it a game not worth having.The only reason to actually own this game is to play online with others . If you wo n't be doing that , and will only be playing against the computer , do n't bother . The game cheats to the point of absolute frustration .
 The 3-D effects and music quickly become annoying . The overall layout does n't work very well either . With the older version from Westwood , all the players and their property titles are easy to see and assess , and any trades allow you plenty of time to decide on whether you want to approve it or counter offer . When a trade is proposed by a computer player , there 's barely enough time to gauge what 's going on before the program moves on.If you enjoy Monopoly for the strategic aspects and do n't need all the special effects , get one of the older versions . Even the AI players are n't much different in the way they play , and if you 're not going online to play , you need AI players that are less predictable and more creative .
 Will not run correctly . Can not load the game . Called the help line and they could not solve my problem .
 I could not decide on one or two stars - decided on one . - Graphics : Marginal . - Game play : The characters talk almost in slow motion - annoying.The character vocies are low and the music is loud . - Irks : Ca n't save your progress , so you and your child must go through the beginning of the game over and over each time you play it.Hit the escape key by accident and the games quits - does not ask you if you want to - just quits ! - Dumb .
 It would be a good game if it was licensed by the MLBPA so , you can have the real players names . Baseball Mogul is better because there are the real players there .
 I enjoyed the original Operation Flashpoint and expected an even more satisfying experience with the sequel . But some annoying aspects of the game led me for the first time ever to quit a game before completion and uninstall it.The lack of the ability to save more than one game has been cited as a drawback by other gamers . That 's an irritant , but what finally pushed me over the edge was when the game arbitrarily ended my mission because I had supposedly strayed too far from the defined battlefield . The inadequate radio warning I received of this was simultaneous with the ending . In this case , the game fails you for the mission and erases your save , requiring you to start from scratch . I had already invested considerable time in the mission -LRB- `` The Alamo '' -RRB- , an especially frustrating one , and was not willing to start over . There are simply too many other good games out there competing for my limited free time.I 'm philosophically opposed to game designers trying to exert too much control over how purchasers use their gaming time . It 's fine to make a game challenging , but not artificially difficult simply by making the interface cumbersome or the save mechanism capricious . I have played through a number of notoriously difficult games without losing patience , and this review is not written in the heat of frustration . Looking back , I wish I had stopped with the original Operation Flashpoint .
 I 've had this game half a day and can already tell I do n't like it . It 's boring , unoriginal , uninnovative . Pac-Man is set loose from his maze to eat pellets in a hap-hazard course in which he is difficult to control . The graphics are fine , yeah , but the guy is a SPHERE ! I expected more out of the course.There are two ways to play - with the computer or with other humans . Both use the same boring settings and levels.Waste of money .
 This is one of the most difficult games to control . Very boring game play .
 how can you get the engine to work on the main game all I can get is for them to work on the explore route section
 Who runs Windows 98 or ME anymore ? Nobody . This software will not run on ANY NT-based OS , including 2000 and XP . I 've tried . -LRB- . . -RRB- For Atari to continue selling this -LRB- I do n't care who they bought it from -RRB- is criminal.Do not buy this title unless you 're running a 9x-based machine . Better yet , do n't buy it at all or anything from Atari until they sell software that will run on operating systems that are not five years out of date . -LRB- . . -RRB-
 I 've got a dual boot 98/2000 system . It obviously would n't work under 2000 but neither would it run under 98 . The furthest I 've got is the end of the intro movie and it hangs . I went as far as reformatting the OS drive and reinstalling 98 and 2000 so they were both clean but it still does n't work . Working for a games developer myself I know how little work is involved in ensuring a game is compatable with new OS 's and more recent versions of DirectX . Releasing a patch would n't be too painful . But then Developers have a different agenda to Publishers . Do n't let the Atari monika fool you . This is the same old Infogrames under a new name to try to disguise their past from newbies . Despite the fact this game is still appearing in the shops they wo n't support it . I do n't know what their excuse is . The BBC has at least put in writing why they refuse to upgrade their games past win98/directX 7 . Because -LRB- apparently -RRB- most game players do n't use Win 2k or XP . Most game players use 98/ME . Excuse me ? Any games player who knows anything about getting the best from their gaming experience will be using 2k/XP , certainly not 98 or the abomination that is ME.In short ... if you 've recently bought a computer for your child , do n't expect this or other games in the series from the BBc or Infogrames/Atari to work without a considerable amount of effort .
 Santa brought this game to my 3 year old and let me tell you it sucked . I couldnt get it to work on any of the three computers I have -LRB- one of which runs Win 98 -RRB- . He stills cries almost daily to play the game and it has been over two months . I will not buy from Atari again it is not worth the nightmare of watching my Thomas fanatic son cry .
 From difficulties installing it , to zero instructions -LRB- paper or online -RRB- , bad graphics , awful gameplay -- this game hits upon the worst . I can see why it is sold so cheaply . This is n't even worth a $ 1 , which is what I paid for it . This really seems like something a kid programmed at home . I really have seen better shareware programs better than this . Pay for what you get , stick with Warcraft , Age of Empires , etc. .
 Do not waste your money on this game if you want any semblence of realism in a racing game . This is one of the poorest games I have ever played . Cautions are complete and utter chaos , with cars running over each other and stopping for no reason . The patch to fix it causes sever graphics problems with the pace car and does nothing to fix the cautions , and if you go over 70 % race distance in season mode , your car no longer uses fuel or tires . The races are also one lap shorter than the real races . If you want a racing game , there are far superior choices on the market
 I 'm a big fan of turn-based resource-management strategy games . I 've loved the MOO -LRB- Masters of Orion -RRB- series up until MOO-III . My biggest complaint about MOO-III is the lack of control I have over the planets in my Empire and the forces I control -LRB- or really do n't -RRB- . This is primarily the result of a bad interface . However , the interface is so bad that I returned the game , because it was no fun to watch what horrible things the computer AI -LRB- Artificial Intelligence -RRB- would do for me since the interface prohibited me from controlling my own units.In a nutshell , MOO-III is the successor to a popular series of turn-based resource-management strategy games . What made the MOO series more attractive than many of its ' competitors was an easy-to-use interface , charming graphics -LRB- art -RRB- , and a good storyline . For instance , in MOO-II , whenever galactic events occurred , a robotic news anchor would read the report -LRB- often with a little bit of humor -RRB- while background news music -LRB- the sounds of teleprompters -RRB- played . I loved it and it greatly added to the charm and feel of the game . Star ships were highly customizable and researching new technologies to get the latest gadgets was a lot of fun.MOO-III lacks those fun news reports . Starship design is a droll affair conducted on a menu system that Apple Computers must have long ago rejected . Choices are limited and the auto-build function tends to do most of the work . Researching new technologies is now a bore since I do n't do much more than allot money to each area of technology being researched and wait for the results . In addition , social unrest factors in my empire constantly delay new projects since the `` people '' are against orbital mines or some such . I tried out many different empires before realizing that this problem was game endemic rather than empire endemic.The Galactic Council is one of the few game details that are improved from previous MOO games . There is a voting process similar to MOO-II and , of course , the powers-that-be -LRB- the New Orions -RRB- in this game have something like 1,134 votes to your 2 as a new player . Trying to get a diplomatic measure through the new council is near impossible as well -LRB- even after some 200 turns into the game -RRB- . It seems as if only the New Orions can propose really cool new measures such as Galactic Space Port Tariffs . Unfortunately , the other empires tend all do have a chip on their shoulders -LRB- or alien parts I guess -RRB- so all that really happens is you get constantly condemned at the Galactic Council . It 's sort of like a replay of the USA trying to get anything done at the UN . Never the less , this was one of the few aspects I liked on MOO-III . The story line and game fluff are also outstanding . I enjoyed reading them very much . If only the game play was as well done as the story background.Documentation was very weak . There is no graph that shows the strength and weaknesses of various government types . There is also no documentation for the various planetary specials -LRB- want to know what `` ancient battle damage '' means ? -RRB- in the manual -LRB- By the way , `` ancient battle damage '' means that a planet is easier to terraform -RRB- . Much of the games ' necessary information is in an attached document that must be printed out using some 60 + pages of printer paper and ink . The Prima clue guide is a bygone necessity to even try to understand what 's going on in the game and the Prima MOO-III clue guide did n't help much either.What turned me off most to MOO-III is a poor game interface . The designers must have realized that they put an awful lot of detail in the game -LRB- can allot zones of development on a planet 's surface -RRB- so rather than make it easy to control these aspects of the game they designed AIs to do it for you . You do n't even get a choice of whether to turn these AIs off -LRB- as most people did in earlier titles in the MOO series -RRB- . You can guide them slightly buy choosing policies that will direct the AIs , but they seem to do whatever they want to anyhow . I could n't figure out how the AIs made the choices they did and neither could any of my friends . If I could understand how the AIs made decisions for my galactic empire then the game might have been playable . As it currently stands , in MOO-III , the player is more like a galactic CEO than a galactic leader . I make decisions , but I have no idea what 's going to happen with them . Space combat is much the same with ships being very difficult to control and doing stupid things when under control -LRB- such as ships with long range weapons closing to short range -RRB- . I ca n't recommend MOO-III . Its ' poor game interface and unwieldy AI makes the game more of a core to play than a pleasure . It 's simply not too much fun . MOO-III minimizes its ' fun parts with a poor interface . I only give it two stars for its ' awesome story line -LRB- too bad I did n't get to see much of the story line since the game play was so bad ! -RRB- . I recommend Space Empires IV Gold by Malfador Machinations instead of MOO-III . Review by
 If you are like me -LRB- interested in the next MoO title , skeptical that people who hated this game are either stupid or too impatient -RRB- , you 'll likely buy it anyway . When you do , you should know the following :1 -RRB- The manual is useless . Worse than useless , it 's often wrong . The only way to learn how to play the game is to hit the discussion forums at the quicksilver website and read the newbie questions . It will take a couple of days .2 -RRB- The game as published is buggy and almost crippled in some aspects . There are two patches available from MacSoft ... download and install them immediately .3 -RRB- It 's a terribly slow game . I do n't mean , slow like RTS games are `` slow '' because there 's a long startup period . I mean , slow like by the time you get well into a game , the turn processing takes > 5 minutes in a large galaxy , and it starts to get boring to play it .4 -RRB- There 's an open-source version of this game being developed , called Free Orion . Check it out ; offer your help if you can ; these people have the right idea.I wish there were a `` perfect '' or `` definitive '' game of galactic conquest out there that was optimized for the modern OS 's , but there 's not . This one is n't even close .
 Initially I wanted to pick up this game from the local Apple Store -LRB- Mayfair Mall - MKE -RRB- , but weeks after it was released I gave up and ran out to CompUSA instead . My excitement was overwhelming and unmatched since the release of Warcraft III.Both games represent a third generation of a best selling title , but where Warcraft improved their game , MOO attempted to Redefine it . This is no longer the beloved MOO we all were waiting for.One of the reviewers remarked on the limited screen res -LRB- 800x600 -RRB- , at first this did n't worry me - the past titles made good use of 640x480 and it sounded like an improvement ... Unfortunately they have increased type size to the point where you get MUCH LESS information on the screen - even at the new resolution . The planet tab can only show 4 planets at a time -LRB- expect over a hundred at the end of a small game -RRB- . Star Names appear only when the Galactic Map is at MAX Zoom . You will be constantly scrolling around to find anything . The Sitrep -LRB- turn info -RRB- can display a max of 3 to 5 items per page . And the amount of info you must -LSB- peruse -RSB- is increased.Basically the screen resolution becomes the Achilles ' heel of this title , and plays a major roll in every thing you do , from reports skipped -LRB- i.e. read the first 10 pages - skip the last 30 -RRB- to scout ships sitting idle because because you ca n't find them on the map . And when the computer starts attacking you ... Your view of the map is so limited that it is impossible to see where your defenses are weak!The documentation also leaves much to be desired . All those specials that you find on planets are mentioned nowhere in the book or the online help . You must first colonize the planet and look at the infrastructure panel to find out . The diplomacy is also better but not great . How many trade agreements do I need/want , are they just being renewed , or expanded as economies expand ? How home I can have 2 `` Open Border TA '' for some races and only one for others ? None of that is in the documentation and there will always be a good degree of confusion when playing - even after several victories under your belt.It 's no longer possible to upgrade ships , a major step backwards in a tech based game where your ships are obsolete before you can build them.So what is good about the game ? Planets can progress on their own , you do n't need to keep putting things in their queue , they can also build things from multiple queues -LRB- Military , Planetary , and basic development -RRB- . Mineral richness effects mining output , not industry . The computer can colonize for you -LRB- if you select it in the Empire Panel -RRB- , just move your scouts on , and if there is anything good there it 'll be colonized with the best planets first.Conclusion : At -LSB- the price -RSB- this game needs a lot of work , and is a big disappointment . If a patch comes out to increase the screen resolution then I would give it an extra star . If you could upgrade ships one more extra star , but the game as is should be avoided until it 's in the ... bargain bin.Pros : Much improved AI , planets develop nicely , auto colonization , etcCons : Screen Resolution !!! Ca n't upgrade ships.Spy Queue is only 4 slots - you must keep checking back every few turns as they retire/die . Game is just not as fun as the past titles were .
 I have been an avid fan of the Master of Orion series . Now , I 'm going to seek other venues.Master of Orion 3 is flat . It is boring beyond reason . It is a series of pointless clicking of turns and hoping the AI does the right thing.Sure the graphics are neat , and the music is acceptable , but the interactive elements are weak . Playing the game is like driving a high performance sports car wearing oven mittens , ear muffs , and a maximum speed limit of 15 MPH.If you have a long life expectancy , no friends or family , and the need to fill in vast amounts of vacant time then this is the game for you.I am truly disappointed .
 I watched the developement of this game carefully for several years . I waited through the delays . I was worried by the reviews . I was terribly disappointed by the game.I love turn based space strategy games . I played Master of Orion II all night or all weekend more times than I can remember . It has to be my favorite game of all time . There are a lot of people like me , so when Quicksilver decided to make a sequel , a lot of people had very high hopes.MOO3 has more aliens , more tech , more planets , a bigger galaxy , more ships , and more customization options than MOO2 . It also has tools that are supposed to make it easier to manage , like viceroys , real time space combat that mostly runs itself , and auto play features . Yet the bottom line is , the game just is n't fun.There are a lot of numbers , a lot of spreadsheets , and a lot of bad UI . There is not the fun or light hearted graphics like in MOO2 , and even though a game a MOO2 could take 10 or 20 hours , a game of MOO3 can take much longer . Even with a small galaxy.If you have waited as long as I have waited , you will have to buy the game whether you have been warned off or not . I did . But you wo n't enjoy it . It is just too boring , frustrating , and tedious .
 Having been a fan of the first several MOO games , I had high expectations for this one ; unfortunately , this game disappoints . Severely.MOO3 has potential , but the game is unpolished in every respect . While there is a lot of depth to the gameplay , almost all of it is in the hands of the AI , with almost * no * user control over how the AI performs . Bottom line
 MOO2 is one of the greatest games of all time . This being so , I bought MOO3 . I was robbed . I almost never actually bother to write a review of any product here on amazon but I must do so now . I have to warn you ! Stop now if you are even thinking of buying this game ! I sincerely believe that some kind of class action lawsuit should be brought against the makers of MOO3 . There is so much wrong with it that I hardly know where to start.The fundamental problem is that the game is so complicated that you need AIs running practically everything to avoid the mind-numbing tedium ... but the AIs are idiots ! They absolutely ca n't get anything right . You can reset certain values to change how they act , but no matter , they 'll still screw things up and you just have to shut them off.Then there 's the interface problem ... even with the AIs turned on , the commands you most frequently need to give should all be accessible from 2 or 3 screens at most . Instead , there are at least 4 to 6 screens that must be accessed each turn for each and every planet you control . And that does n't include taking any diplomatic actions , viewing the reactions to actions , engaging in space combat , or designing ships.The graphics are as primitive as they come . Space combat looks more or less like triangles with lines extending between them -LRB- triangles = ships , lines = weaponfire -RRB- ... and that 's if you can even find the opponent.The documentation is almost worthless unless you like to read low-grade space sci-fi . You get one densely written booklet , most of which is uninformative . Yeah , thanks guys ! Even if this game had been fun , anyone who had n't already played MOO2 would probably never have bothered -LRB- or been able ? -RRB- to learn this one.Then there 's the really absurd stuff like the syntax generator controlling the computer 's diplomatic speech . You get things like the diplomat `` beseechingly castigating '' , `` threateningly imploring '' , etc.Finally , the game 's producers apparently eliminated the possibility of engaging in defensive intelligence . As far as I could tell , all spies had to be given assassination or sabotage missions . In short , when alien spies wreak havoc in your empire , assassinating and sabotaging , there 's basically no way to stop them ... the most you can do is try and `` get even '' . I 'm almost in disbelief about this one since defensive intelligence was an essential part of the last game -LRB- actually , it should be an essential part of this one too ! -RRB- . Maybe I 've overlooked something and there 's a way to do this , but if I 've overlooked it , that 's just testament to how nonintuitive the interface is.Anyone interested in artificial life programming , AI , sociological modeling , etc. might find some of the things in MOO3 amusing , but no one else will.I can imagine that in 10 or 12 years some descendant of MOO3 might actually make a decent game , but it will be almost unrecognizable from MOO3.Anyone who gives this game 2 stars is one of the above-named number-crunching types . Anyone who gives it more than 2 is almost certainly on the producers ' payroll and trying to slow the freefall of their reputation . Do n't believe a word they say . Some people are writing reviews making it out to sound like the trouble lies not with the game but with the game 's players who are just too impatient or too stupid to know any better . It 's a dirty stinking lie and anyone who 's played the game knows that .
 I have put up with many games long enough to beat them . I put up with Pikmin for god 's sake . This game starts out great . You get to create your character from a choice of many sweet looking aliens . I thought to myself `` wow , this should be a cool game . '' Was I wrong . AI is horrible . At times I wanted to fire a giant laser into my own team . Knock some sense into them by eliminating a few of their friends . But this did n't work . This game is so bad , I only played an hour , in which all I did was create characters . pPretty pathetic , yes ? I would n't recommend this game to anyone .
 I was so excited when I read that a sequel to Master of Orion II was being developed , but I am truly astonished at how bad this game is . MOO 2 was burdened by cartoonish graphics and limited diplomatic options in dealing with other players . What it has been replaced with is primitive graphics , a buggy interface , and a nearly incomprehensible game which is just downright mind numbing . DO NOT BUY THIS GAME until it lands on the bargain table .
 ... with a wonderful backstory . And boring gameplay . Such a shame .
 What a complete waste of time and money . Even with the patch applied , this game is terrible . It 's boring , the AI stinks , the graphics are terrible , and the fun parts of the game have been abstracted -LRB- particularly the space combat -RRB- while the boring parts of the game , including economic management , have been expanded on . It makes no sense . It 's as though they were intentionally trying to make the game boring and dull . If I was on the design team for this game , I 'd be ashamed.One and a half stars . That speaks for itself . Do not buy this game .
 The makers of the game -LRB- not MacSoft -RRB- had some good ideas for how to expand this game beyond MOO2 , BUT the implementation of those ideas was absolutely horrid . Win XP GUI programmers fired by Microsoft apparently built the user interface . It is the definition of ugly.The game has the user running the mouse around all over the screen like a mad scientist in a bad 50 's horror flick just to do simple things . It takes a minimum of 5 clicks strewn across the width and breadth of the screen just to get to where you can change what a planet is producing . In MOO2 it took 2 . If I want to mouse like crazy , I 'll play a first person shooter ; it 's much more gratifying.This game reminds me of Pax Imperia in many regards -LRB- ship design , fleet movement , planetary development -RRB- . Pax Imperia turned my stomach over a decade ago.The game is not complex - it 's cluttered and cumbersome.The automation in the game is a godsend , except that by the time you get the clunky parts of the game automated to the point of not having to deal with them , all that remains is click the turn button again and again like a trained ape . Boring.On the good side MacSoft did a great job of porting the game . Maybe that should be on the bad side - MacSoft could have improved it . The star chart looks nice as do the aliens , but those things are n't worth the asking price of this game . Do n't buy this game . In fact , the makers should recall the game and us all our money back . Or maybe just tell everyone it was really a cruel April Fool 's joke .
 So much hope based on Moo2 . Ugh * The AI can not win , does not attack , has no idea of strategy * You find yourself only being a spectator , your only role as `` emperor '' is clicking end turn * Graphics are appalling , it looks like Microsoft Excel with an Ugly Skin * Its no fun what so ever , lacks any soul . * The tech tree is full of useless techs . IE One there are a handful of techs that `` HFOGx .099 '' umm ok . . wut !? * Manual does n't explain anything , its just a story updating us from Moo2 * No tutorial in game . * Many of the Ship types are bugged and do not work . * The missile ship is way over powered , you need build nothing but these babies to win . * The AI only seems to build Troop Transports , no actual fighting ships . * Despite the 100 's of troop transports they make , they NEVER invade your planets , hence you can never actually lose a game * The User Interface is appalling . To change a unit your planet it building , it takes 4 double clicks , multiply this by 40 planets . Can you say RSI!CHECK OUT THE GAME REVIEW B 4 BUYING !! this is one of the lowest rated games ever ! And this is merely combing the reviews from across the net , the Average score is about 49 % ! I can not recommend this game for the Mac , despite out limited choice , this is one game that I cant believe they had the guts to release in this state . The Moo3 homepage forum is full of unhappy fans , pages upon pages of Bugs , complaints , demands for money back
 ... P > The interface is desperatly slow and dumb , you 'll find lots of bugs , and since you ca n't focus on everything , whenever you come near the end of the game , basically you do n't control anything anymore ... so where is the fun of being in charge if your role is reduced to clicking the `` next turn '' button ? < P. . . My advice
 This game is a comlete waste of time and money . After playing for some time I have come to the conclusion the designers and programers could have better spent thier time doing something else like installing software on a 286 . I 'm going back to playing Master of Orion II !
 Screen size is fixed at 800x600 . If -LRB- like me -RRB- you 've invested in a high end graphics card -LRB- nvidia GeForce -RRB- and a high resolution LCD monitor -LRB- 1280x1024 -RRB- you 're likely to be appalled at the game 's graphics . Various user mods have attempted to improve the situation with more detailed ship models and more readable fonts . If you have a CRT and loved the earlier games then it may be worth a try , but on an LCD you 'll either have a tiny rectangle in the middle of the screen or a headache inducing blur .
 I enjoyed Master of Orion and Master of Orion 2 . My dislike of MOO 3 is equalled only by my dislike for prune pudding served on ultra bran wafers and topped with an alphalfa derivative syrup . The interface is extremely poor , the graphics were dated when MOO II was new and the enjoyment level does n't even register . Bottom line do n't buy this game . If you really think you want to try it out do a friend a favor and borrow their copy ... and then keep it . Your friend will thank you .
 The eaw is simply not worth the effort to buy it wont work with xp and needs a ton of ram so you need an older system with high ram none of the games b-17 or the eaw seem to be worth even purchasing
 The reason this gets 2 not one star is that the graphics are crisp and clean . The music is completely obnoxious however you wo n't have to worry about it too much because the game crashes like mad , at least for me it did . The number of games available are pretty expansive and the gameplay itself is fairly solid . The animation though is slow and at times laggy . It does n't have an authentic feel , the sound of the balls hitting is hollow and the physics seem just off . It feels like your hitting the ball across a wet soggy table . I 'd stay away from it at all costs there are better pool games out there.If your curious about hardware issues my system when having the crashing issues is a P4 1.9 with 640 RAM and ATI Radeon 8500LE .
 Did I play the same game the other reviewers did ? Seriously?Maybe it 's just the version I got , but this game is far too flawed to enjoy on any kind of consistent basis . Commands are not detailed in the manual or on the tutorial -LRB- for example , how to QUIT -RRB- . There is no ingame help system , either . There is no explanation for important concepts like question marks over buildings in the tutorial . . the manual just says to look at them , decide what to do , and handle it . Overall , the tutorial was almost useless as a way of learning the game . Each segment of it appeared to last about 2 minutes and provide about 10 text lines of material , most of it encouragement . The manual , incidentally , can only be retrieved from the CD using Explore -- the CD auto-runs any other way you try to access it . It sure has a lot of pretty pictures , but it does n't tell you how to quit either , or how to get tools , the shortage of which I tended to knock up against on a regular basis.Graphics are blocky , but survivable . There is no explanation of what stars mean in the initial game setup -- I thought it was a rating system , but turns out it 's probably a difficulty level . I still have no idea why I could n't build a warehouse on the scenario I tried -- I had enough stuff , but it just did n't want to do it.I suppose if I were more intuitive or more patient I could probably figure it out , but as it is , it 's just too frustrating to play .
 After you 've played those and exhausted the fun of them -LSB- try GOG.com for easy-to-install Windows versions of these old DOS games -RSB- , if you still want to play MOO3 , go ahead and give it a shot . * I 've heard it 's _ slightly _ better more than a decade later with some patches . It was n't that the game was buggy , it 's just that it was a mess.It 's been around 20 years and I still play Master of Orion 1 and 2 , and Master of Magic occasionally ... but I never play MOO3.They took the MOO -LRB- or MOM -- which is still a buggy mess , but a beautiful one -RRB- concept and just had NO idea what made those games great . It certainly was n't having 10,000 choices of ways to micro-manage things . You can play MOO 1 and `` get '' it within 5-10 minutes ; MOO 2 maybe 20 minutes . -LSB- Rumor is that they made the game 's economics and so forth incredibly complex to encourage or force people to use the advisor/AI functions to control all those aspects of the game . But that makes no sense
 I can not play Sorry , I have Windows Me . WHAT 'S THE DEAL ??? It will install but will not allow me to play . HELP !!!!
 I used to have the original Trophy Hunter and enjoyed the game very much . I thought it would be fun to get the latest version and try it again . I knew before I bought it that this is an older game and did n't have high expectations for graphics or features . However , one would assume the 3rd version would be better than the first . Not so . The first version has better features , makes you earn additional equipment , gain skill , select how long you want to hunt , gives you bag limits and a list of what you can hunt for , etc. . It 's all fairly realistic for a hunting game . Trophy Hunter 3 is far less advanced than the original . You get everything up front and can basically hunt for everything and shoot as many as you want . You even add poached animals to your `` Trophy Room '' . It 's very lame . Game control from the keyboard is also much harder than the original . I 'd buy the original again , but would n't waste my money on III .
 I do n't play a lot of computer games , but I 'm a fan of detailed , well-designed first person shooters . Games like Half-life , or Max Payne -LRB- technically third person -RRB- for example . Years ago , I played the original Unreal . It was and remains the longest -LRB- and I mean , LONG -RRB- shooter I 've ever played , and it had gigantic levels that you had to explore thoroughly to get where you were going or accomplish your objective.I bring up the length of the first Unreal , as well as the size of the levels , because these are the things that are especially lacking in the sequel . Yes , Unreal II has good graphics . Not earth-shattering , but good . However , in stark contrast to the original , Unreal II is the shortest first person shooter I 've ever played . In my mind I think way back to Half-life , Quake , Doom , heck , even Wolf 3D , and the generations of shooters surrounding each ; all of these games are much longer than Unreal II . U2 is so short that it is not an exageration to say that I found myself wondering if the developers had simply run out of money , and tried to wrap the game up at the end of what should have been part 1 of 3 or 4 . Anyone who plays these games knows that the Episode structure is as old as the genre - where is it in Unreal II ? Nowhere . You play eight or nine levels , and just when you think some crucial twist in the plot is about to be revealed , it rolls to credits . One of the reviewers on this site said that you could beat this game in 10 hours or less the first time through . I would change that to seven or less.When I was playing through the game , I did n't take note of the relatively linear levels ; I figured , `` this game is just getting started , I 'm sure later on I 'll be tackling all sorts of crazy labyrinthine alien bases . '' Nope . There are a couple of alien bases , but they 're pretty straightforward , and insufficiently explained or elaborated on in the plot . So on top of being a short game , the levels are n't very complex . They 're not aggravatingly simple either - I enjoyed them - but they fall short of today 's industry standard , and of the industry standard of six years ago.As for gameplay itself
 I 'll keep it short - very linear gameplay , predictable , and BORING . If you liked Unreal , which I did , this will most likely be a disappointment . I particulary object to the numerous arcade-style stand-there-and-shoot-the-little-things-coming-at-you scenes . Figuring out what to do next or where to go is trivial ; you usually have no choices at all.Aside from the poor gameplay , I had several very annoying technical glitches , even though my hardware was on the ` approved ' list and I was using the latest drivers -LRB- ATI Radeon -RRB- . I spent hours fiddling with game rendering parameters until I found a set that worked consistently.In summary , sorry I bought it .
 I 'm really torn as I write this review , on the one hand I had so much fun beating this game , but on the other hand , its just isnt worth its price tag.The graphics are the best out there today but this comes at an extremely high cost , I own an extremely high end system and it chugged pretty bad some places.When it comes to first person shooters for me the main fun is in the weapons , and this game has no lack of weapons . While a lot of the weapons are kinda -LSB- weak -RSB- and could be done without , some of them are just plain cool . I personally loved the very last weapon in the game although a bit overpowered . Some of the weapons could have been more balanced but you certainly have a wide variety to choose from.I have heard mised things about the AI , while I did n't pay much attention to thne AI I 've heard it is extremly good however it ca n't live up to its potential because of the restricting corridors that plague the game.This game is full of action and most of the time you wo n't have trouble finding where to go . This is the way I like a game.However it just ... ends , I beat the game in 5 days and I was n't by any means playing through it nonstop ... I ca n't justify the price tag without a multiplayer mode.Fun while it last but not enough .
 Playing Unreal 2 has got to be one of the most tedious gaming experiences I ever had since I played Hunters
 It crashes too frequently and made me disappointed.Load / save takes about 1-2 minutes on 2.4 G machinewith 1.5 G ram and 256M video , that is a shame!Sound is bad . It changes from loud to quiet and back withoutany respect to the content.I do n't have any of that problems on my machine with Half-Life or StarWars Jedi Knight II ... Probably you can buy it to get some fun in between of crashes , or trust that they will be able to fix it .
 Awesome graphics but no real content . The gameplay and story are just a recycled mishmash of other fps titles . Aside from the eye candy , there is nothing innovative or memorable here at all . It should have been half price at most .
 I have to be honest ... I never finished this game . It was horrible . In fact , I 'll be bold enough to say it was one of the worst games I 've ever seen and played . In a day and age where we have truly innovative shooters such as Halo and Half Life , why , tell me why would someone release this drivel?First of all , allow me to quash some of the statements that various folks made above
 I can not say i have ever felt so dissapointed with a game before . This game does not resemble the original unreal at all . It is appaling . The only reason it got 2 stars is cos against other games its OK . See for urself but i warn anyone who has played any other unreal game - JUST BECAUSE IT CONTAINS THE WORD `` UNREAL '' DOES NOT MEAN THAT IT IS GOOD . You have been warned .
 Personally , i loved the original unreal . It had it ALL , 5 star in every category you could think of ... technology , story , gameplay . Unreal 2 does not deliver . Coasting away from the original unreal 's thrilling storyline , unreal 2 has a somewhat cookie cutter storyline that is simply unoriginal and used that i shall not comment on . Gameplay is linear and pretty straight foward , a odd meager 12 hours certainly prooves worst of show ! Technology is the highlight.Unreal 2 has stunning graphics ? Not really . It 's based on rudimentary poor-boy dated direct-x 8 technology , `` Oh , this game includes some extorindary particle effects with reflective surfaces and 3020 polygon counts ... oooh environment maps and dynamic light maps with blur shadows ! '' . Yeah , it 's kind-of like that ! Not soooo satisfying . So sound is another EAX 3/DirectSound/Surround sound average powered game . Nothin ' special . When you enable it even with the latest drivers on an Audigy or Audigy 2 Sound Blaster card , you can notice an unacceptable frame rate drop at the cost of performance . Oh well , EAX is as buggy as hell anyway.Let me comment on the physics engine , a very nice addition . Bodies move very realistically powered by millions of intense math code calculations only possible by the Karma Cat program . Physics is cool but i 'd recommend at least a 2GHZ CPU from INTEL or AMD to gain reasonable performance when sending physics to the max detail!Oh , and that reminds me of system requirements . Very crushing ! A 733mhz CPU with 256MB of RAM and a 32MB GeForce 2 MX is quite high , and does not perform reasonably on those system specifications EVEN on low settings or the recommended -LRB- even at medium settings , recommend
 I was waiting for this game to come out for some time and bought it the same day it was in the stores . The problem comes in that I finished it in the same day . With no multiplayer this game was a poor value and I feel cheated that they would use that Unreal name for such a terrible game . The weapons are alright but the story line was marginal at best . From ready other gaming sites these comments are the norm I am glad that some many people here were so happy with the game but all of the high ratings are misleading to most gamers and I think that most will be disappointed as well .
 I seriously expected a really excellent game when i got this . I was expecting ... well ... more Unreal . Instead I got this weak Half Life-UT hybrid that is really pretty boring . I was not blown away by any of the graphics , and the soundtrack was nothing special . Certainly not as good as the original Unreal game , which I HIGHLY recommend . In this one , I never had the desire to keep playing . It was one more dead horse mission after the other.This game got too much hype for what it 's worth . It has no replayability either . I beat it in 3 days of non-steady playing . I do n't think i can sit through that predictably awful storyline one more time . I 'd wait for this thing to hit the bargain bin if I were you .
 Okay , first of all , I 've got to say that I love the graphics in the game , but that is probably its only redeeming quality as far as I 'm concerned . I have listed my multiple beefs with Unreal II as follows ... 1 . -RRB- Storyline has nothing to do with the end of the first Unreal .2 . -RRB- John Dalton -LRB- your character -RRB- moves waayyyy too slow . It 's almost like he tiptoes his way into battle .3 . -RRB- There are only about 8 or 9 levels altogether . The first Unreal had 39 levels -LRB- not including the intro and ending sequences -RRB- .4 . -RRB- What happened to the rest of the enemies of Unreal 1 ? Most of the enemies in Unreal II are human -LRB- boring -RRB- . I want my Krall , my Titan , my SkaarjGunner , my Brute , my Gasbag , my Devilfish , my SkaarjGunner , My SkaarjBerserker , my SkaarjWarrior , my Skaarj ... 5 . -RRB- TOO MUCH BABYSITTING - I hate waiting for other characters in a game while they sit around doing their thing .6 . -RRB- There was no `` Boss '' which took about 70 or 80 rockets to kill , like in the first Unreal . Where 's the sense of accomplishment ? 7 . -RRB- Where are my powerups ? Why is that such a bad thing ? 8 . -RRB- Why did they even use the name , `` Unreal '' with this game ? So there were a couple of Skaarj from the first game and the dispersion pistol -LRB- which can not be upgraded - bummer -RRB- was available . Big deal . There is little resemblance to the original game . I know that the makers of the game wanted Unreal to `` evolve '' and to give it a different storyline , but they did n't have to ruin the game like this .9 . -RRB- You can not skip the cinematics . Why ca n't you just hit the mouse button if you do n't want to wait for people to finish talking ? And why do you have to wait for Aida to take her sweet time to waltz from one computer to another ? Why ca n't you just skip the debriefings altogether ? Boy , what action this game has!Bottom line
 as expected , Unreal 2 has some pretty nice graphics and environs . each world is nicely done and filled with ambient wildlife , great lighting , colors , textures , all that stuff.unfortunately , Unreal 2 is anything but . gameplay is very uninspired and trite . it 's more of the same
 Unreal was a great game if only for its groundbreaking technology and massive sp experience . Unreal 2 has great technology as well , but ... first off , the game takes maybe 10 hours to beat -LRB- and that 's a generous estimate -RRB- and is shorter than most expansion packs . Second , it has nothing to do with the original Unreal -LRB- which is frustrating , 'cause the final cutscene of Unreal hinted at some kind of sequel -RRB- . The game plays like a dumbed-down version of the Mechwarrior or Heavy Gear series , where you go on short , pointless missions that are completely disjointed and have absolutely no oppurtunity for exploration -LRB- which was a strong point of the original Unreal -RRB- . The worst part is , it took 5 years for this game to reach the market and yet lasts as long as if it had been in development for only a few months . Seriously , the old shareware versions of Doom and Heretic -LRB- which included a single episode and were FREE -RRB- practically offered more gameplay time than this over-hyped joke of a game . This is almost definitely a situation where the developers were so overwhelmed by the capabilities of the new Unreal engine that they completely forgot about making a good game and instead created a mish-mash of poorly designed levels with way too much pointless and unneccessary eye-candy . The only selling point of this game are the spectacular graphics -LRB- if you have a brand new , stacked computer -RRB- ; but everything else about Unreal 2 is a complete wash . One final note
 I was hoping for an upgraded version of the Game of the Year edition , but was greatly disappointed . While the graphics are decent , and some may like the SLOW introduction , it stayed on my computer only a short while ... . I 'd much rather play the older version .
 The game does not even work ! I have a good computer , but I can not even install the game ! Perhaps , there is something wrong with my CD . Anyone has suggestions what to do with the game !
 The original Unreal combined cutting-edge graphics with expansive levels , great attention to detail , good AI , excellent gameplay , a decent story , a variety of `` enemies '' , and hours of entertainment . It was `` Unreal '' in a good way compared to the standard of the day . Unreal set a new high standard for the genre.Unreal 2 has excellent graphics -LRB- as expected -RRB- , little attention to detail -LRB- barely any environmental interaction is possible -RRB- , mediocre AI -LRB- even by the original Unreal 's standard -RRB- , -LSB- bad -RSB- gameplay , a boring and contrived storyline , little character variety , and about 4-10 hours of entertainment depending on your level of skill . Unreal 2 does n't bring anything new or particularly impressive to the gaming world.My advice , take a pass on it , unless you can get it for a substantial discount .
 I would just like to say that I 'm a gamer all the wayand I play most of them . I pre-ordered this game and I ` mso sorry I did.The reason I did this is because , probably just like yourself , I got carried away with the flashy graphics . Once you takethese away , absolutely nothing remains.The most disturbing thing was the fact that I finished it twicein a weekend , and now it 's lying on my shelf . This isoutrageous when you compare it with others like Baldur 's gate 2which offers over 300 hours of gameplay.I must conclude that although it was fun to play , it was way toshort , does n't offer anything new and even got boring at sometimes . I hope someone on this planet can convince you to NOTbuy this game , and continue your search for a game that canthrill you at least for a couple of weeks.Sincerely yours , Niels
 Over Hyped ? I think so . The graphics are not that good , the frame rate is quite low . I 've seen similar -LRB- and much older -RRB- games that have better visuals , Half Life is one for example . Even on my AMD 1800XP and nVidia GeForce 3 Ti500 Unreal II is barely playable . As for audio , the effects are okay , but the voice `` acting '' is very poor . I played the game for an hour or so and came away feeling that I 've seen it all before , just done much better . No need for this one , wait for something better .
 ACE GRAPHICS BUT FINISHED IT IN ABOUT 4 HOURS NO BANG FOR YOUR BUCKS . FOR ALMOST 40 QUID I EXPECT A BIT MORE GAME PLAY !
 This is a really odd game . First of all , there is n't any dodge , a staple of FPS 's since for ever . Secondly , it 's really really slow , it 's like one of those bad dreams where you are trying to run and ... Unreal 2 has no run.The story is un-engaging , the script is poor , the maps are linear . The whole feeling is one of claustrophobia and `` why did I waste my money on this mess ? `` I beat this in one evening and there is NO re-play value .
 Do n't waste your money on this game ! I bought it yesterday , played it , and sold it to someone today . If you 're looking for the mind blowing action , smooth graphics . and awesome rag-doll physics of Unreal Tournament 2003 , keep playing UT2003 . The engine in Unreal 2 is not as polished , and the aliens do n't adhere to the innovatice physics system -LRB- humans do , but they tend to float off the ground when they die -RRB- . Instead , the aliens just fall over when they die , and it looks cheap . And the story , well , if you do n't mind talking to a bunch of bad voice actors for the first half hour , get this game . If you want to jump right into the action -LRB- the original unreal lets you do this -RRB- , do n't buy this game.Yes , the graphics and sound are good , but in comparison to some other games out there , do n't even bother . I 'm actually thinking of replaying the first Unreal , this gave me such a bad taste in my mouth ! My heart is broken , because I thought this game was going to be great .
 Be warned
 Back in the old days when the original Unreal came out , there was nothing else I would play . The graphics -LRB- for that time -RRB- were great , the enemies were fresh and original , and there was no stupid dialogue to bore you to the extent of not wanting to play the game . And it had a wide open door for a sequel , so I was excited about this . Then along comes a digital blob of sacrelige . The graphics are fantastic , but it 's not fun killing a bunch of boring space marines , and killing the Skaarj that now look like elephants crossed with a giant T-Rex . The dialogue is bad , folks , and I mean BAD . I just do n't want to talk to an alien that looks like a 50 's jukebox and full or radioactive semen , or a grungy mechanic who tells you who to use a pistol and smokes incessantly , or the world 's greatest strategist who looks like some sort of whore . All in all , the game sucks . If they make an Unreal 3 , it better be like the original
 I regularly buy a new game every two months . I sorely regret this one . This game is very similar to the HalfLife Mod packaged as `` GunMan Chronicals '' . Except that I believe its ' authors used quite a bit of imagination so the game did not seem to be a 100 % linear path . Not so for Unreal2 ; quite soon it becomes apparent that there is only one way-out . Only one path exists to advance onward . It would n't be so bad if the AI in the game was not such a excellent shot and without any fear of your hero . It looks nice but you ca n't explore much at all . Vast areas are unclimbable unlike `` Jedi Knight2 Jedi Outcast '' or `` Quake2 '' . Ambiance is so so in Unreal2 . Visuals are nice , but there is always something missing I felt in each area . More live bystanders and harmless fauna would have increased the ambiance greatly . Initially empty halls , rooms , and caves left me bored . The slug-outs when the baddies arrived were not unusual compared to other hit games of two years prior . Way too much time and action is spent in human built architecture and not enough in alien built structures . And when your name is UNREAL II it should be unreal unhuman AND unpredictable the second time .
 Unreal 2
 Having just upgraded my PC -LRB- AMD Athlon 2100 + , Geforce 4 128 Mb -RRB- I was looking forward to turning up all the game specs to the maximum . Bad idea ; even after turning everything to medium and playing at a meagre 1024x768 the game still has a framerate too slow for comfort and seems to skip a beat every 2 to 3 seconds.Worst than the video performance however was the game itself . Other reviewers have already said a lot -LRB- all of it true -RRB- about the silly and predictable story and the total lack of originality . One of the things that also really infuriated me however was the endless wait for scene loads -LRB- count on one minute wait for every five minutes of gameplay -RRB- . Particularly in difficult scenes were you get killed a number of times before you are able to finish them -LRB- hey , these things happen -RRB- it becomes extremely frustrating to again have to wait for the game to load the scene ... Overall a frustrating and strongly dissapointing experience . Think twice -LRB- do I have the system resources ? do I have the patience ? -RRB- before you buy this game !
 The plus : + Nice areas -LRB- good textures , particle effects , lightning and shadowing , overall nice graphic engine -RRB- . + Good sound and music.The minus : - I dislike the character design . It 's too colorful , too synthetic , just not realistic . The monsters are anything but scaring . - While playing I 'm getting more and more annoyed by the intermission sequences
 ... to a legendary fps . In a sentence , I would be delighted to elaborate unreal 2 as
 Nice visuals -LRB- although it would be nice to skip the dialogue scenes - did n't see an option for that -RRB- , but the story was sparse , the action was very linear -LRB- did n't seem to matter what you did , so long as you did n't get killed -RRB- and the `` non-action '' scenes -LRB- dialogue on the ship -RRB- was n't that interesting - I tried to interact with the characters , always clicked on them to see if they had any additional information , or something to further character development , but nothing beyond basic interaction . If the game was just to be judged on looks , it 's a winner , although the cost sometimes is gameplay -LRB- the last scene was very choppy for me , unlike the rest of the game -RRB- . To give an example of the linear aspect of the game , there is a section where you have to lay sniper cover for a Marine who is trying to activate the power to your elevator -LRB- which you are now stuck on the top of -RRB- . It seems to not matter how bad you are at protecting him , eventually he 'll activate the power anyway . You could probably just ignore him -LRB- if I 'm bored I 'll try this -RRB- . The graphics are state of the art , the gameplay is circa 1992 ...
 Great graphics , but like so many games in the FPS genre , the story is banal , uninspired , and generally unworthy of the programmers who made the engine . This linear game never drew me into it ... I felt that I was just running around shooting things . That may be fun enough for some people , but considering the hundreds of titles and _ free _ mods that are at least as fun for the occassional frag fest , it just does n't make sense to drop $ on this one.Half-Life , System Shock 2 , and Homeworld are all games that , unlike Unreal2 , transport you to their world for a little while , making you a major character in a living plot . Unreal 2 , my friends , is no Half-Life . It has better graphics , but it is less fun . If you are n't looking for something just to show off your new graphics card , I suggest you look elsewhere .
 I could have seen 8 movies for the price of this game , and I would have gotten twice the entertainment time . Graphics are `` nice '' game play is `` ok '' BOSSES are worthless . NO ONLINE PLAY . ADDS UP TO LOWEST PLAY / $ VALUE GAME I 'VE EVER OWNED .
 My initial reaction to this game was that of annoyance - I wanted to start playing , but could n't , because I had to wade through several minutes of unnecessary speech . I assumed this would be temporary , but no - the non-skippable `` cinematics '' and speeches are a painful part of this game.That said , to call Unreal 2 a sequel would be an insult to the original - Unreal being a great game , from both visual and entertainment perspective . The new levels are good looking , but , like many have noted , short , linear and non-expansive . Compare this to the first Unreal , in which every level was large and varied . In addition , levels in Unreal connected very well together , and the bits of information pulled from electronic diaries were enough to understand the plot of the game ; while Unreal 2 is quite the opposite - after every level you end up on the mother ship and have to take off to another planet -LRB- if you can sit through another boring `` briefing '' by someone who looks more like a Playboy Playmate than a member of military personnel -RRB- . Yes , Unreal 2 is very good looking , but that does n't take away from the fact that it should be a shooting game , and not a sad attempt at a half-arsed RPG . People should n't have to sit through 5 minutes of speeches just to start the stupid game - it 's a shooting game for god 's sake , not Final Fantasy.This game does have some redeeming qualities - the weapons are very interesting , for one thing . The levels are also different from one another visually . Also , the idea of having extra firepower on hand -LRB- Marine assistance -RRB- is fun every now and then . And ... sorry , I ca n't think of anything else . The rest are cons - long , winded speeches about nothing in particular , weak plot , extremely long loading times -LRB- even for a machine less than a year old -RRB- , linear gameplay -LRB- very little freedom -RRB- and restricted level structure . The game is also painfully short - it really can be finished in the matter of hours . I managed to actually finish it on my work computer within a week , playing half to an hour a day.The original Unreal was very impressive , as it ran circles around Quake , visually . While this one looks nice , it lacks serious innovation . Sure , the poly counts are higher , but what else ? Not much , apparently .
 Unreal 2 is a mediocre at best . I never played the first game , so I came to Unreal 2 with virtually nothing except for my expectations from a few small previews . I was shocked and appaled . although the graphics engine is awesome , the game just sucks . the AI is serviceable , but lacks anything close to Half-Life 's , which is more like the behavior of a real creature . there is a nice variety of weapons , but though they are admittedly cool , they are USELESS . all you really need is your futuristic magnum and assult rifle to beat the game . this game is about as bland as you can get . the character design is uninspired , going basically like
 When I played this game on my Computer , it just did not look right -LRB- Fram rate -RRB- . The game play itself seemed alright.I have played much newer games on my computer like Fallout 3 without any issues . I must admit I like the first Unreal better .
 I wish I could say how great this game is but I ca n't even install it . There are 2 discs for installation . The first disc will install without a hitch . The second disc , however , has a corrupt file on it -LRB- data3.cab -RRB- and can not be read/copied no matter what you try . Thus , the installation will fail every time . Buyer beware about this one ... not worth the headache .
 I would just like to say that I 'm a gamer all the wayand I play most of them . I pre-ordered this game and I ` mso sorry I did.The reason I did this is because , probably just like yourself , I got carried away with the flashy graphics . Once you takethese away , absolutely nothing remains.The most disturbing thing was the fact that I finished it twicein a weekend , and now it 's lying on my shelf . This isoutrageous when you compare it with others like Baldur 's gate 2which offers over 300 hours of gameplay.I must conclude that although it was fun to play , it was way toshort , does n't offer anything new and even got boring at sometimes . I hope someone on this planet can convince you to NOTbuy this game , and continue your search for a game that canthrill you at least for a couple of weeks.Sincerely yours , Niels
 This game does have some great graphics , but there is a HUGE lack of game-play . All the missions are short and linear , there 's only one way to do anything . Like a previous reviewer said , you go along a path , kill some people , then run to the objective . There 's only one path to take , you can not get lost or take neat side-trips , you do it the one way or no way.The weapons are kinda neat , but you can not effectively use but 2-3 of them to get anywhere . The baddies always do the same thing , attack the same way.And you can EASILY finish the game in about 10 hours the first time . Then you can finish in about half that time from then on . Someone got lazy when then designed this game.When the price drops -LSB- lower -RSB- in the bargain bin , THEN you should think about buying this game .
 the gfx might be good ... . but what good are realistic graphics when the gameplay stinks ? This game has amateur-game-studio written all over it ... . There is only one way to beat every level ! that makes it basicly a walk-through interactive movie with linear advancement ... gets very boring and doesnt require intuitive or logical thinking on the part of the player . After playing games like deus ex or nolf/nolf2 , which had excellent story as well as multiple ways to complete each level , a game like unreal2 is a joke.plus there are lengthy loading screens about every 5-10 mins of play ... and im on a p4-2 .26 ghz with 1GB of pc4200 and it takes 1min + to load levels ! I mean max payne had nearly as good gfx in unreal2 , but had much shorter loading screens and they were few and far between ... . and not to mention in unreal2 u must wait 1min + just to quick load after you die ... it really tests your patience.on another note , the reason i gave this 2 stars instead of 1 is because the introduction movie/ingame cinematic -LRB- with studio logos -RRB- actually puts you in awe ... very breathtaking ... . but from there on out the game goes downhill.also , for people experiencing crashes . . there is a patch out that fixes it . . i had the same problem -LRB- i had to disable EAX -RRB- but after patch i can now enable it again and the game runs fine . -------------------------------- overall ... . this game is a waste of money . . it belongs in a jewel case on the `` value shelf '' . - duck
 I really loved Unreal . I 'm also really impressed by Unreal Tournament 2003 . But I can not believe what a poor product Unreal II
 Unreal was a great game , Unreal 2 isnt . Three or four levels are good but the game as a whole is not worth the short amount of time it takes to play it . Very disapointing !
 if you loved unreal tournament , do n't buy this game . thay have taken a first class deathmatch game and turned it into a ... duke nukem type game . when will these nurds learn to stop messing up a good thing ?
 I do n't understand why everybody puts in the obligatory `` stunning graphics '' ; the fact of the matter is this game is just ugly . I bought this game hoping that it would look as good as Unreal Tournament 2003 , but it 's not even close . What 's worse , it requires you to have twice as powerful a machine -LRB- as UT2003 -RRB- to look at muddy enviroments with no sense of color theory . The graphics are okay , but hardly `` beautiful '' ; its more of a disappointment because of all the hype about the new `` engine '' . The visuals are as good as any other game out there , but they should have been better . -LRB- And no , it 's not my system
 i bought this when it came out -LRB- full price ! -RRB- , eagerly expecting the awesome storyline , revolutionary non-linear play , blinding graphics and amazing engine it promised . What i got was a sub-par , completely linear storyline ; LAME characters -LRB- the hero often refers to the female member of the crew as ` toots ' in annoyingly stereotypal ` marine ' voice -RRB- ; adequate play and good graphics , all rolled together in a game that i took a few short hours to finish and that i have n't touched since.Impressive visuals do n't make up for not-so-impressive everything else . Plus , i found the techno-electronic-whatever soundtrack utterly rubbish to blast stuff to . break out the quake3arena and be happy it did n't just cost you over $ 60 .
 I was really looking forward to the release of Unreal 2 , and bought it almost immediately when it came out in the stores . I was blown away by the graphics and sound . However , within a week or so , I was done with it . The plot is hackneyed and linear , and the game seems a bit too short . This would n't be so bad if it had good multiplayer , but there is actually NO multiplayer . I played it through a second time and then sold it . I 'd recommend Raven Shield , the new Tom Clancy shooter , as it uses the same superb game engine as Unreal 2 but includes great multiplayer .
 It seems to be a trend in the video game world to make a game that has little or nothing to do with the original . Such is the case with Unreal 2 . The original Unreal was an interesting game for a few reasons . In the course of the story you were dumped into an alien environment that was hostile and wondrous at the same time . Nothing was explained to you and you were left to your own devices to figure out the world . It was a story idea that works very well with first person shooters.Now quiet a few years later we are given Unreal 2 . A game that has little or nothing to do with the original . One gets the impression that the developers decided to buy the rights to the name to push an otherwise boring game idea.Nothing original is done here . The story is boring and totally pointless . This is nothing new in the first person shooter gender but it seems pointless to keep doing things we have all seen before . So like all first person shooters before we look for the innovations . Something that sets the game above the rest of the pack . Playing the game I could not find it . The graphics are quiet nice but the level design only get interesting at the end of the game.Since this game is a true single player game it 's over way too fast and the replay value is pretty much zero.It 's sad to see a original game like Unreal turned into a game that will be totally forgotten in a very short time . It 's a shame really because the game is NOT bad but just not as good as it could have been . A different story line , something closer to the original and less goofy .
 I bought this game right when it came out for full pop , expecting the rich storyline , innovative gameplay and mindblowing graphics innovations of the first one.What I got was a poorly written jumble of FPS cliches tied together with a pretty attractive gaming engine . The game felt like it wanted to be Halo without the talented writing and edge of your seat gameplay.The single replay value I found in the game was the level where you are defending against an onslaught of enemies , and get to plan your defense . That was not only fun and challenging , but offered multiple paths to success . If only the the developers had focused on that sort of gameplay instead of rehashing every bad FPS cliche from all the game of the past 5 years , this might have been a game worthy of the kind of replay the first Unreal has seen -LRB- I 've played through it over a dozen times , usually when I upgraded my machine -RRB- . As it stands Unreal II will fade into the past as not a terrible game -LRB- Daikatana stands at the top of that heap , or perhaps its bottom -RRB- but as a mediocre game that could have been great .
 I am very impressed with the graphics . The problem with this game is the lack of content . It is a frenzy of mindless carnage -- just shoot shoot shoot . Like Serious Sam on steroids . To take a beautiful graphics engine such as this and use it to produce adolescent rubbish is a crime against technology .
 what a linear snoozefest . first game i have EVER gotten the cheats for just because it was so damn boring . my intent was to finish the game as devoid of pleasure as i had experienced thus far , just to finish the freakin thing . could n't do it - my tedium level breached i abandoned it completely . my apologies if the endgame is at all a payoff and i remain unenlightened . and now that i hear deus ex 2 is a disappointment as well i 'm left to checking calender dates for thief 3 and half-life 2 . i can only hope xbox compromises have n't shattered all creative integrity .
 DO NOT buy this version of Scrabble if you are looking for the newest version . This is the OLD , copyright 1996 , version limited to 256 colors and without a user dictionary feature ! Although the Amazon description says it is '98 and ME compatible , it may not be.If you want to be able to play without changing your screen colors setting each time , you need version 2.0 .
 I too found this was not the newer version as advertised . Hopefully I am getting my money back , but be extra careful if you order . Scrabble is a great game , and if they can actually guarantee you 're getting the correct new version , hopefully it will be great . I 'm waiting to see ...
 Website says the game runs on platform 95/98/ME but the program says 3.1 / 95 . My system runs on ME and when you play the game you have to reset your colors to 256 and change them back again when you finish playing . Not worth the trouble .
 This game is a dinosaur . Advertised as current but is not . Does not work well with Windows XP and I suspect it will be a problem with Windows 98 and ME ... unless you really like to keep switching settings . Tile selection almost always left me with 4 of a given letter ... well , maybe not always , but far more frequently than chance would ever have allowed . Poor substitute for the real game . Hope a newer version comes out soon . This one was pure frustration .
 I purchased the Scrabble/Boggle combiniation and never got it to work on my Win98 computer . Kept getting error messages . Wish I would have read the reviews before purchasing . This is the version for Win95 , not Win98 as stated in the ad ...
 It seems every year that another Tony Hawk game rolls around that is n't really all that different from the one that came out the year before . And here we are , holiday time , and another Tony Hawk game . Tony Hawk 's Project 8 is about what you 'd expect from the long running skateboarding series
 Okay , I 've been a fan of the tony hawk series since the very first one came out for ps1 . Since then I 've counted the days down til the next installment in the series . All of them have been amazing . Project 8 in comparison to the previous titles is HORRIBLE.This game feels like something that Neversoft threw together in 20 minutes so they could make some quick cash . The majority of things that made the past titles great , have been taken out . Wtf ??? NO create a park mode . Almost no mini-games . The create your own skater mode has been toned down too . You have to earn almost all the tricks you 're gon na use . The levels are uninspired and boring . The graphics are n't the best either . The only new thing they added is the slow motion effect where you can flip the board in slow motion . Thing is , it 's REALLY HARD to land any of these tricks!There are n't that many levels either . And they only include ONE level from the early series . Buy this ONLY if you 're OCD and have to own EVERYTHING that tony hawk has put out .
 This game is a joke . I 've played all of the Tony Hawk games up unto this one , and this one is absolutely awful . They must 've thought , `` Hey - how can we make the worst game possible ? Let 's take out EVERYTHING that made the games fun , and insert as many advertisements and glitches as we can ! `` Gone are the multiple camera angles , create a skater options -LRB- you get about 5 hairstyles - bald , mohawk , dreads , nothing NORMAL , 3 faces , a couple shirts , and a few name brand jeans -RRB- , I could go on but it 's not worth it.Added are glitches galore . Since when are frontside 180s BACKSIDE 180s ? And vice versa ? The frame rate is horrible , the graphics -LRB- except for the cutscenes -RRB- look straight out of a PS1 game . Everytime you land , the board swaps around under your feet . I could n't play for more than 10 minutes , that 's how frustratingly terrible this game is . I was looking forward to it and ignored the terrible reviews , but I was duped just like the rest of the fans . If you 're a fan , you will be disappointed , probably angered like me.Bottom line , do n't buy it , do n't even RENT it . If a friend tries to give it to you , stomp on it till it bleeds .
 Compared to the earlier Tony Hawk games , this one bites ! You ca n't play a girl -LRB- NOT ONLY GUYS BUY THIS GAME , YOU KNOW !!! -RRB- My niece and I went through this game in 3 days . The other games are STILL entertaining , even now . We went back to Underground 2 for some real fun .
 This game was junk it did n't even get to play it . The thing wouldent even work I guess it was too good to be true to be so cheap .
 This is actually a really great game if you have it for XBox 360 or PS3 but for the PS2 version they past the game on to some other developers who gutted a lot of the games functions and gave you the bare essentials to play Tony Hawk in a not-so-fun way.No Manual Push -LRB- Auto Push Only -RRB- No Creat A SkateParkGraphics arent as goodBut if you do n't care about any of that then you can get this game for under 10 bucks brand new that 's about the only pro .
 I ca n't believe all the hype about this game , I finally get it , and it 's a huge dissapointment ! Underground is 100x better.Here 's the things I do n't like about this game : The camera angle makes me freekin ' sick to my stomach!Your skater goes WAY too fast.Graphics are worse than Underground.Goals are stupid.Areas are complicated and crowded.Creating a skater is saddening because it dose n't have nearly as much clothes , hair styles , and faces.Stick to Underground and do n't waste your money .
 I 've been looking forward to project 8 . I figured that they 'd only improve on the series . Unfortanetly , this is not true . The create-a-skater is all but nonexistent , the animations are glitchy , and I went through more walls than I care to count . Even the skate shop is crap . There is virtually no point in the sponsors messages , they do no good . the only good thing they added was the movies to show where some of the gaps are . Easily the worst Tony Hawk game yet ...
 This game was truly disappointing , dispite all the hype . I do n't think I 've been this disappointed with any game , ever . I played the game for a total of * Maybe * a half an hour , and could n't bring myself to play it anymore.It is a waste of your money .
 I hate this game . I do n't see how everyone thinks this game is sooooo great . Everyone was talking about the graphics , they 're not all that great . THUG 2 sucked , Wasteland was pretty kool , but this one sucks . I really did n't think it was all that fun , it did n't keep me playin it like THUG 1 and Wasteland . They need to stop tryin to make the Tony Hawk games like all overrated and hype them up when they suck like this one and thug 2 were . Underground 1 will always be the best I think , I do n't think any Tony Hawk game can out do that .
 The Xbox 360 and PS3 -LRB- next-gen -RRB- versions are different from the current gen Xbox and PS2 versions . They are produced by a different developer and are RADICALLY different -LRB- ie
 I like Tony Hawk 's Underground 1 and 2 . BUT THIS IS A SUPER DUPER , SODA DRINKING , KNIFE THROWING , AWFUL , AND TERRIBLE GAME !!!!!!!!! The story mode is super hard . Why the heck do we have 1 place to skate when we didnt do story mode !!!!! I WANT TO PUT THE DISC IN MY MOUTH AND CHOP IT AND THROW IT OUTSIDE IN THE RAIN AND GO OUTSIDE AND SCRATCH IT ON THE SIDEWALK AND STEP ON IT WITH MY MUDDY SHOES AND GO INSIDE AND PUT IT IN THE MICROWAVE UNTIL IT MELTS !!!!! AVOID , I TELL YOU !!!! AVOIDDDD !!!!!!!!!
 This is the most challenging game i have ever played . Impossible to beat , and just frustrating , I dont recomend this to anyone !
 when I first heard about the new tony hawk game I thought i would be better thaen the others . unfortunaly I was wrong , this game is not worth the money . there are tons of glitches where u get stuck places and you have to restart . u cant do flips of run up walls like american wasteland . you also have to go thre levels that are very small and are boring . listin to me , buy american wasteland , it is such a better game or for 50 bucks u could buy a game that is not worth playing . the only thing that got better was when its loading it shows skate videos .
 Wow ! I jus cant believe this game at one point . It is awful and sucks . It has the worst graphics and most challenging goals I have ever played which I just ca n't do all this . This Tony Hawk game is even more worse than American Wasteland . Why are his video games getting harder and harder ??? The only Tony hawk game I have ever loved was Pro Skater 3 which is the easiest and best graphic game I have ever played . Stay away from this , get Pro Skater 3 insted .
 my rating is on the price , $ 40 a month ? you have got to be kidding me . If you Buy through Turbine or buying a time card at places like Best Buy its $ 15 a month , if you wait for one of their deals you can start paying $ 9.99 a month . Something is seriously wrong with this pricing . Unless there are about 3 or 4 2month cards this is a REALLY bad deal .
 i really hope noone is dumb enough to buy this now that the game is free to play . i almost bought this and while i was just about to hit check out , a commercial came on my tv saying that the game is now free . this is just a warning for all of you who see this , do n't buy this item since it will be useless and a complete waste of money . the seller should have taken this off amazon since the cards have no value anymore .
 This game is SOOOO BORING . The races were so hard . If you like a better racing game , buy Cars .
 DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !!!!!!!!! I bought it and I was ripped off . It is extremely hard , the graphics are blurry , and even a blade of grass makes you fall !!! DO NOT BUY THIS GAME .
 I bought this game when it first came out for about 9 dollars with two other games included . Well ... to be frank I want my 9 dollars back . I niaviely thought that this game would be fun considering i was expecting a real Quad for christmas and i had enjoyed quad racing games on some other systems . this one is absolutly the worst . if you need to fill that portable racing emptiness in your gut , try Top Gear Rally , V-Rally 3 , Racing Gears Advance , Mario Kart
 I bought this game for 10 bucks at a department store , and sold at a pawn shop the next day for 7 bucks . I feel like I ripped the pawn shop off . There are no different levels , just one with different check points . Running over anything at any speed makes you fly off your blurry square thing they call a quad . It takes 20 minutes to beat it , and took maybe less for them to make this steaming pile of desert fecal matter .
 This game lacks in almosst every subject you look or in a game . The plot is totally stpid and outraegous , he weapons dont have much of a range and the game has many glitches and laggs a ton . I would pay , at the most 3 dollars for this piece of shiit .
 This is a third-person fighter game similar to Oni and Lord of the Rings
 First of all , Blitz 20-03 is a really awesome game ... for about an hour . Blitz is an Arcade game , so there is crazy things -LRB- late hits , no penalty , 30 yard for 1st down -RRB- going all over the place . It sounds really good , but after a while , things get really old , and you will get bored of it really fast ! The graphics stayed true to the arcade , and control 's perfect . There is no depth to this game , so i suggest try either NFL 2k3 , or Madden 2k3 . Only get Blitz 20-03 if you havent gotten tired of previous Blitz 's .
 I absolelutely hated this game . It is so unrealistic it is unbelievable . If a player lays down on the groun he measures out to be 5 yrds long ! What is up with that ? The graphics are also no good and the gameplay gets really boring after a while . ... because this game -LSB- is bad -RSB- !
 And you should n't either = p
 Nfl blitz 2003 is the worst game boy advance game i have ever played . For starters , the graphics are awful . You can not really tell that tell the football players from the football . Also , the game is very shakey , you cant really tell whats happening . I have the other fallowing games
 This game is the worst game there can be the graphics are horible and the game play it just stinks dont get this game .
 This only works on the really old machines , at that price you are better off buying MS Flight Simulator or some other new product
 This game is pointless and way to easy
 - bad graphics-horible storyline-not fun-you 'll beat it in an hour
 This game is horible I havent played it but it is BBBBBBAAAAAADDDDDDD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 How many people went to the store and said , `` Hooray a new rocket power game ! '' Thats right . 2 . Very dumb gameplay and takes away what the also boring show is about , sports . The game is about kids who are glued to there equipment like skateboards and run around shooting hockey-pucks at trash can shaped robots . What ? This game has awful graphics , is very repetitive and has awful controls and aiming . Not to mention bad cinematic sequences . Also this game is addictive in a bad way . I kept saying to myself , `` I have to get further maybe the fun part is toward the end like the box says . '' Nope none of that . Unless you are not one of the two Rocket Power fanatics you can definitely live without this game .
 The game is boring and too easy .
 So i do n't recommend getting two of these cause i did and you ca n't use them both at the same time . They are a bit finiky You have to plug them in after the game has loaded and there MUST be a contoller in the first slot or the dance pad goes psycho and you cant do squat , but if one person wants to dance while annother uses the controller they work perfectly fine , as long as you ajust the mat every song .
 Well , I thought I was getting the same type of pad that came with the game itself , but I was so wrong . I bunches up under my feet while playing , and one good step has sent it flying right across the carpet more than once . If you can manage to keep it still -LRB- placing a towel beneath it helps -RRB- , then it 's pretty good at accurately reading your steps ... but that 's only if it does n't cause you to wobble and fall . A decent Beginner pad , but if you 're playing on Standard -LRB- Difficult -RRB- or above , this is not for you ! Just spend the 20 $ or so on the real one !!
 Even thought the picture shows the Konami logo on the bottom , this pad definitely was made from a third party distributor . Some buttons are n't as sensitive and the sensors seem to be located in the wrong areas . Do n't purchase this , you 'll regret it .
 This mat does not respond to my steps half of the time , which isthe problem I had with my first mat and is why I wanted to replace it with this one . Total waste of money .
 this dance pad SUCKS . too sensitive in some areas of the pad , does n't respond in others . and it also does n't stay flat . it sticks to your feet and socks even . and puffs up every few seconds so it 's hard to step back down on it when you 're in the middle of a song . plus it has a laggy response time unlike my other dance pads .
 I have bought two of these dance pads , they only work when they want to . They are good for small parties but thats it . Hard to play even the most simplest of songs . 2 stars for working -LRB- kinda -RRB-
 I recently bought DDR and needed an extra pad so scanning through my options I found this one for around 5 dollars so I thought I would give it a try . And I got what I paid for . Half of the time the buttons do n't work when you press them so if you are trying to use this mat for points or challenges it is n't worth the time . The mat slides all over the place while you are using it so you have to stop and adjust it after each song . But for 5 dollars I should n't have expected a great mat . I do n't think I would recommend any one buying this mat since shipping costs more than it does and you are frustrated by the time you finish playing . I would say just spend a little extra money and get a nicer mat .
 I bought this for my kids for Christmas so they would have 2 dance pads for the DDR game . All my kids love the game -LRB- even my married daughter and son in law . -RRB- But after two days the pad would not work and I am in the process of returning it . It is frustrating to give a gift that breaks so quickly and because I bought it on-line , the return process is very slow .
 This product is cheaply made and breaks easily . If you are looking for a Dance Dance Revolution controller , make sure it is the original . Konamai , the originator of Dance Dance Revolution games , makes the only controller that is tried and true . Third-party controllers are cheaply made and not very durable . Remember , this controller will be stomped on with impact and frequency . I bought one for a gift and was embarrassed to find that it did not last more than a day of use . After I took it back to replace I noticed how cheaply made it was . I got the Konami brand controller and noticed a big difference in material quality and workmanship . The Konami controller never gave the recipient any problems . Be sure to to take the time to ask the seller if it is made by Konami or you 'll get a cheaply made third-party one . There are many other Dance Dance Revolution controllers being sold here so check . I just want to inform others so that they do n't make the same mistake I did . The lesson is you get what you pay for . It 's cheap for a reason .
 The mat bunches up underneath your feet ... the pad that comes in the bundle with the game is _ much _ higher quality .
 I purchased two of these pads and both are defective . One did n't even work at all and the second did n't survive one full night of DDR . I do not recommend these pads - I would say buy the more expensive ones with the foam pads inside - they may cost more but those would be more durable than these flimsy ones .
 Me and my brother got the game for ps2 and thought it would be pretty fun since we loved the show ... but when we first started playing it it really disappointed us . The game play was pretty bad and the story drag on too long with simple missions that bored us and it really was annoying having to go into the menu to change characters/vehicles . THQ did n't impress me very much due to bad graphics and 2nd rate game style !! Bottom line is I do n't recommend it to people people who are used to playing other extreme sports games , and i do n't believe they made the best attempt to make a good game this time !!!
 This game is so bad . the graphics are not the best the controls are slugish . The characters look blury they do n't even look real
 Madden 2002 was my first next-gen football game and I loved it . The graphics were great , the gameplay was next to none . As I got better I noticed that I can dominate the CPU using just 2 plays the whole game on offense . I was so hyped up about Madden 2003 . Expected huge improvements . But , as I started to play Madden 2003 , I noticed something . It 's the same game ! The graphics are almost identical . And , that 's right , I started using those 2 plays again and I dominated . What a waste ! Does EA think that they can just make a great game , then clone it and update the rosters and add little extras and add a year to the end of the title and expect to keep their fan base ? Well , I guess they do . And , oh yeah , the commentary still stinks ! By far the WORST commentary of any sports game -LRB- as it usually is with the Madden series of football games -RRB- .
 I played NFL 2K2 before but I gave Madden a chance with the 2003 rosters . Madden has more features like old school teams , practice , drills , card trades , etc but if you just want to play with your buddies on or offline nothing beats the tackles and hustles of Sega NFL 2K series . The tackling is hard in Madden , there 's no slamming or effect on the tackle . It 's plain . I still ca n't figure out the audible.In Sega NFL 2K , you just press a button to call an audible and a list of optional plays will be displayed for you to choose . In Madden , nothing appears I guess you are expected to know the sequence of play from the controller buttons.This is the last time I 'm buying Madden .
 For all of you discerning , intelligent gamers out there , please heed my advice and skip Madden 2003 and go for NFL 2K3 . Madden is quite simply one of the most frustrating football experiences you will ever endure . First , unless you are the Rams , forget about a running game . Second , you will discover very early on that the only way to beat the computer is to hail mary every throw to the streaking wideout and then pray on defense . The computer simply scores when it wants to , no matter what scheme you throw in its face . If you like 72-63 games , then this is your title . If you like a modicum of reality -LRB- and fun -RRB- then go with 2K3 . The learning curve is steeper , but ultimately it delivers a better experience . Madden is all marketing and not enough game . Oh , and 2K3 looks and sounds MUCH better . Madden looks like it was conceived on a PS1 .
 I think Im the only person on the planet that likes 2003 Madden less than 2002 . The graphics are only slightly better than 02 but my biggest gripe is the black bars at the top and bottom of the screen -LRB- similar to dvd titles / wide screen -RRB- . Why did they do this ? It takes away from being able to view your running backs in the backfield unless you choose a blimp camera angle . Speaking of camera angles , I cant get it right . Either you are too close up , or too far away even after customizing it myself . The default camera angles are horrible . Other BIG gripe
 Very dissapointing . No season mode and the graphics are terrible . NCAA 2003 blows this game away . I should have just stuck with that game and not bought this one . I always thought NFL2K was better than the EA version and I was right . I love NCAA 2003 , but this game stinks . Defense is very hard to control and the playbook is weak .
 This year 's version has the same flaw as last year . The opposing QB throws at least 90 % . This makes the game very one dimensional . You still end up beating the computer 65 to 17 , but there is no fun when all your opponent does is pass . It is very hard to believe that the programmers could play this game and think it is realistic or fun . I regret buying this game , I should have learned my lesson from last year . Buy NFL 2k3 .
 Electronic Arts monopolized the football video game industry for a good ten years . They really got their start with the Sega Genesis and Super Nintendo . Each year they would release a new version of Madden that was n't really new . The same went for their NBA franchise , MLB franchise , and Hockey franchise.This new Madden 2003 is really a slightly improved version over last years 2002 . It plays nearly the same , except for it is a not as fluid and graceful as the previous version . It is more life like and less fun . The graphics are certainly better , but gameplay lacks . Of course there are new features to keep you busy , but let 's cut to the chase.You should n't be buying this game because you want a better game than Madden 2002 . If you bought it for that reason you would be disappointed because the changes are very minor and it is not that much better.The reason you should buy this game is because of ONLINE PLAY . However EA does n't have any experience in this department regarding consoles . That is why I would have to recommend purchasing Sega NFL2K3 . Not only was last years version a better game , that franchise has been online for 2 years already worry free.I was a Madden fan up until Visual Concepts released their version of the next generation football . Madden has yet to realize how to be innovative . Visual Concept 's NBA2K2 already de-throwned EA 's NBA Live 2002 as the best basketball game . This years NFL2K3 was fully developed for the PS2 and not just a port from the Dreamcast like last years version was.You want the most fun game , and the one that will have the best online gameplay . For a fact , NFL2K3 will be outstanding in that department from past experience . I would recommend renting both games before buying either . That way you will not regret your purchase . I choose Madden 2002 over NFL2K2 last year , and I wish I never bought it because it just was not as fun . I will not buy Madden 2003 because I do n't like the feel of it . If past experience holds true , the new NFL2K will shock the video game world again .
 This game is almost no different from it older brother , Madden 2002 . THe older one sucked too . You couldnt press a button at the same time as your opponent or it wont pick up the signal . I shall say it again . It sucks . In addition , it Blows very large noses , as well as sneezes . I highly warn you not to even look at it , let alone buy or rent it . You will be dissappointed guaranteed . Every time you hear its name called , run to the nearest church and pray to God you havent been cursed . If there isnt a nearest church , or the nearest church isnt very near at all . Simply say or shall I say scream , NO ! Kind of like the whole say no to drugs thing without the entire idea of running to the nearest church . I ONCE AGAIN WARN YOU NOT TO EVEN LOOK AT THIS GAME . TURN AWAY AND RUN .
 this is a good game if you hav n't played madden 2002 . before i bought this game i was looking forward to better anouncing . not the case . al michaels is different but not better . madden still says the same genaric stuff . mini camp is fun . create a play book is a nice feature . none of this however warrents a purcase if you are looking for a new game .
 Having enjoyed Madden 2001 and 2002 both my frend and myself have purchased M2003 and had the game shipped at some expence back too the U.K where we live.This game dose not let you play 15 min qrts whilst playing on the exibition match up mode . Because after one hour of play -LRB- real time -RRB- the game times out and quits one you but strangly enough our p.c `` s stay on line . This has occurred every time we ATTEMPT to play a full game.I also find it a bit of a con that E.A want you play on line where you have to PAY extra to play on line . If you put the two together it seems E.A just want to make even more $ out of the people who enjoyed last years product.Ho yes I forgot my game failed to install correctly an I have to play the game without commentary even after I have e mailed E.A and asked for a solution.So If your deaf and have a credit card you wish to rack up a bill on this games for you ENJOY
 Madden 2002 was probably the greatest sports title of all time . Needless to say there were a lot of expectations for Madden 2003 . Play-action passing is improved . Trick plays have been added to the playbook . The game is loaded with new extras , such as online play , training camp , preseason , etc. . Where the game fails is the actual gameplay . The normal Madden buttons are the same , but the Offense is almost impossible to stop . Where in the last Madden punts were a norm and a defensive battle took place often , 2003 is all about the scoring . It is extremely easy to put up over 70 points a piece in head to head competition . The offense is easy to run . It is no longer difficult to pass for over 70 percent completion rate with almost any QB in the game . The game has me looking to rent NFL2k3 to see if it can top this dissapointment .
 To start of let 's talk about the graphics.This game has terrible graphics.You would n't even recognize a player if they told you his name.The gameplay is bad.The rookie draft was ok.The only thing I really liked about the game was it 's soundtrack.I just did n't have fun playing this game .
 Do yourself a favor and save some time . Rent this and NFL 2k3 then go out and buy Sega 's NFL 2k3 . I was at the videogame store the other day and the manager said people were returning Madden and buying Sega 's NFL 2k3 . Sega 's NFL 2k3 won the best sports game last spring at the largest videogame conference . Sega 's NFL 2k3 has been critically acclaimed by many of the videogame magazines and web sites out rating Madden . They say this year 's Madden is just like last years with a mini camp added while Sega 's NFL 2k3 is innovative , fresh and all new .
 Never played any Madden game before , I tried one out with Madden 2003 of PS2 that I recently bought for two bucks at a flea market . I am not a fan of PS2 , but I was curious about the game . I had hoped that the game would be satisfying to the point of being a good football game , a worthwhile game to play . Alas , it turned out not for me . My greatest fear was quickly realized
 Ok , ever since sega came out with NFL 2k there has been some what of a `` battle '' between Madden and Sega in the football game business . I happen to work at EBX , a store that sells video games . When Madden first came out it outsold 2k3 3:1 . But now , people are coming back and returning Madden and getting 2k3 . EA sports ' time at the top of the football game business is over . Sega makes a better game , so unless you are going to play Madden 98 ' , save yourself some time and energy and buy 2k3 now .
 Madden is as boring as ever . Stick with NFL 2k3
 Bad foot ball game . bad graphics and boring plays . not for anybody .
 This is not a well thought out product . The buttons are small and their low contrast labels are difficult to decipher . Most problematic of all is the overall user interface . Any serious bridge fanatic is used to a PC or Palm application with logical graphics showing opponents where they sit at the table . This machine 's fixed LCD characters and non-intuitive layout make simply following the game a chore . I found I had to constantly pause and get my bearings about where dummy was situated and which positions the rapid-fire computer was drawing cards from . That makes it hard to even remember the cards played and , often , what the contract even is . Another issue is the playing convention itself . Not being configurable , I found myself making the wrong assumptions about my ` partner 's ' hand . For instance , I made a straightforward Blackwood response to a 4NT bid and the computer left me stranded at the 5 level in a suit I barely owned . This toy goes back muy pronto . Hey Bridge Baron ! Make an elegant hand-held bridge system and you can own the world !!
 This game has many great features , particularly interface and historical detail -LRB- including individual leaders and weapon types -RRB- that easily get you addicted . However the diplomatic aspect is terribly erratic , which totally spoils the game . After playing a grand campaign as Germany and doing extremely well in Europe , I saw Japan ally with me , then make peace with China and surrender all of the territory it had captured , then declare war on the US and China -LRB- again -RRB- the next day from a much worse military position . When you have spent a week practically glued to the screen to play a historical strategy game , you do n't want to see such an ahistorical event any more than you want to see Martians invade Normandy . The designers really have to work on the diplomatic aspect to make this game satisfactory .
 OK , they finally fixed some of the numerous bugs from the original HoI -LRB- which is easily the lowest quality commercial software that I have ever seen - and I 've seen a lot -RRB- , migrated some others into HoI2 and introduced some new ones . Anyone considering buying it should take into account that it is a very different game than HoI since Paradox made a concious decision to target a different -LRB- and supposedly much bigger -RRB- market segment . Surely , there 's a big overlap with HoI fan base , but many people who love HoI hate HoI2 and vice versa . Compared with HoI , complexity of HoI2 has been vastly reduced , all major countries now have identical military units with the same combat stats , and the game is sharply focused on ground combat -LRB- which can now be reliably won only through sheer numbers -RRB- - there 's simply nothing else to do for the player -LRB- research is almost an afterthought and the player has very little control over air and naval units -RRB- with the notable exception of a new trade system . *** TWO NEW PARAGRAPHS *** As I played HoI2 for some time , I discovered that it had even more bugs than I originally thought -LRB- even though I downloaded the patch -RRB- . Combined with some very inconvenient features of the interface , this makes the game almost unplayable unless you can play it in very long sessions . However if you just play an hour now and an hour then , be advised that the state of the game is not saved accurately when you save the game , so every time you reload you have to waste a lot of time just restoring your settings -LRB- you literally may need hundreds of mouse clicks just to adjust your industrial capacity allocations - and Paradox could have easily fixed that proplem in just a few minutes by saving these settings accurately rather than rounding them off -RRB- . Just as about any other Paradox game , HoI2 was clearly not ready for release and I would advise anybody considering the game just to wait for a year or so - there will be several more patches by then and the game will most likely be sold cheaper as well.Furthermore , when I complained about bugs on their forum , I got banned . OK , if they do n't want their product 's defects to be mentioned on their own website that 's fair enough -LRB- although that `` customer service '' is quite heavy-handed and normally a paying customer expects a very different reaction -RRB- . But even worse , they now do not allow me to not only post anything , but even READ the forum . This is really mean , considering that the forum contains a lot of FAQs and explanations , while the manual does not explain many important things about the game and in fact both the manual and in-game tips refer the player to the Paradox forum as a source of further information . So I would advise everybody to beware of Paradox .
 I 've been playing this game for a week now , and I already got bored of it . There 's not really much to do , only this : Make Operation Barbarossa succed playing Germany.Take the Suez cannal as Germany.Build a nuclear bomb and nuke your enemy -LRB- As any country -RRB- That 's it . You will find that the rest of the game consists of buiding units and fighting . There 's no way to deal with your population , no social options , so the game consists 100 % of fighting . Not fun when you play the 1936 scenario and have to wait three years for the war to start.The incompetent AI makes everything worse . I never had to build the Atlantic Wall when I was playing Germany , because the allies never attempt to land in France , or in any other place . The only thing the americans do in the game is wipe the floor with your navy and bomb your units . They do n't even bomb your industry . Not fun . The Italians get kicked out of N Africa and that 's where it ends , because they never try to invade Italy and force it to surrender . It seems that the AI is not interested in fighting the war.The same with the Soviets . No matter how much you suck at strategy , you will always win . It 's strange but true . I 'm a complete newbie at this , but all I did was attack them where they have the smallest number of units and without a challenge I reached Moscow in some months . They do n't try to counter attack . I was looking a tough challenge , but increasing the difficulty only makes your units fight worse , even in Very Hard/Furious the Americans will never do a D-Day . There 's no espionage stuff either . Forget about using commandos or that sort of stuff.The bottom line is , the only fun of this game is making the genocidal maniacs win -LRB- How fun ! -RRB- , which is ridicously easy , and , well ... Not much else . It 's a bit interesting to see some what-if scenarios too , like the Checz fighting , the Republicans winning the Spanish civil war and etc. . You have the option to give control of territories to nations like the Wallonians , Croats , Slovaks , Serbians , almost every country in the world , which can be fun -LRB- when you are extremely bored -RRB- . I was interested at first at playing my country , Argentina , and try to make it intervene in the war . Not possible . Every country except the big ones -LRB- Germany , Japan , USA , England , France , etc -RRB- does n't have any industrial capacity . Have fun trying to get your industry off the ground . Maybe this could be solved by allowing the mentioned countries to give industrial assistance to the smaller ones , i.e building their industry , but such thing is not possible.Rainy day ? Bored like hell ? Go and buy it . Have 2 hours of fun resisting as Finland against the Soviet Union , making the Ardennes Offensive or Operation Sealion succed . There 's not much else you can do with this game . Wait till the price drops a little or you 'll feel dissapointed .
 Before dismissing my negative feedback out of hand , please consider that i 've been an avid wargamer for over 25 years . I 've played the original Avalon Hill board games , I 've played the low-resolution early computer games like SSI 's releases , i 've played literally THOUSANDS of hours of Civ , Civ 2 , Alpha Centauri , Rome : Total War , etc. etc. etc. . I 've probably played 50-75 % of all historical simulation games ever released on PC.And I can confidently say
 This game is impossibly complicated . What a useless game . You are better off just watching some tv or going for a walk at the park than trying to play this abomination of micromanagement . What a waste . I want to throw up . And I wish I could have my money back . Dont buy this garbage .
 In my opinion , Sly Cooper is the best platform next to Mario but do n't get too excited because it 's still a platform . Sly Cooper looks great and makes good use of the cel shaded graphics . That 's probably the best part of the game . The game can be more looked at as a platform on a rail or a combination of 2D and 3D . If you have played Crash Bandicoot , you get the idea . In fact , Sly Cooper probably uses an upgraded version of the crash Bandicoot engine . The gameplay has a lot of new additions but for anyone who has played Crash Bandicoot the gameplay will seem very familiar at some points.The game has five different worlds , each is introduced as an entirely 3D environment , but that 's just deceiving . Your real goal is to find the doors in which you will enter a mission and be forced to complete a linear 2D/3D railed obstacle course . It 's a little more creative than Crash Bandicoot where you literally where in a portal room and each of the missions had a door with a label on it . The Objective of each world is to gather all the keys that lay in that world . You collect the keys by passing the linear obstacle courses obviously . Once you have collected all the keys of that world , you can now use them to gain access to the boss of that world . Then you beat the boss and move on the next world . Think Crash Bandicoot again , only you actually see yourself inside of a van , and you see your progress on a map in a cartoon like cut scene , this indicates your in the process of traveling to the new world . In Crash Bandicoot , the portal room just moved up to a new floor with all new missions again.The game has awesome graphics , and very good dialog . The cut scenes are literally cartoon quality . At times , you will feel like your actually playing a cartoon . The game has a story line , it 's a rather weak one , but I thought it was surprisenly mature . The story starts off by Sly Cooper giving you a history briefing about how his whole family was killed by some thugs the night his families jewel , `` The Thievious Raccoonus '' was stolen . Since then , he 's been on a mission to get it back . I do n't remember the last time anyone was killed in the story line of a Mario game .
 I love the Sly Cooper Series , but I must say , this is my least favorite . The graphics are poor and getting keys get boring after a while . The most fun part is the driving games with the Cooper Getaway Van . Ca n't wait for Sly Cooper
 After playing Sly two and three , Sly one was really slow . My two kids would have liked it better if we had ' t played one and two .
 I rented it a couple months ago to see if it was as good as Sly 2 and 3 . But after realising that you die in one hit , the plot was dumb and the graphics were bad , I thought it was a dumb and horrible game . Do n't even rent it or the thief will steal you 're mind and stop you from playing better games . I HATED IT TO DEATH !!!!!!!
 this game is stupid . it really is childish . id recomend jak 2 or rachet and clank going commando over this stupid game . the graphics arent very good . the characthers look horrible and what you can do in this game is horrible . its just a kids game and it should be overlooked . anybody whos played it and given it 5 stars is a fool . its basically just another underpar average platformer .
 if you do buy this crap it should be because you wan na burn it . the game is garbage . levels are slow paced and the game can beat in a mere 2 hours . get jak and daxter instead .
 who needs this game . warning unless you are 10 years old do not buy this game . just pass this one by . and get jak and daxter or rachet and clank both are much better games . do yourself a favor get out of this reveiw selection and go look up those two games .
 I spent about 10 minutes playing this game before I realized what a bad game it is . I love the cell shading , and I wish PS2 would have more games , better games that is , with art like this one . However , I found this game to be far too simplistic to be enjoyable . You do n't get a health meter . AT ALL ! If you touch ANYTHING you 're not supposed to -LRB- for me , it was a plant -RRB- you die instantly and are sent back to the beginning . If you fall into the water you die instantly . If you die three times you start all over , like you did in old Nintendo games.True , I did n't get past the first level so I do n't know if this situation improves at all , but for a game to have that kind of set up in the first place is pointless . Has n't gaming come far enough in the past 20 years that have rendered the concept of `` how many lives I do I have left ? '' totally useless ? My suggestion
 Sly Cooper & the Thievious Raccoonus is a dumb game . The grafics are like a cartoon which is kind of cool but after a while it gets annoying . The game is hard too . I couldnt get past the 3 level . Dont get the game .
 This game is the gayest game ever it is for 4 year olds do not get this game it is a waste of money .
 THIS GAME IS GREAT!AND THE GRAPHICS ... -LSB- are bad -RSB- . It 's 2-D ! Gee ... I should n't have even wasted energy in my FINGERS writing a review for this one.Man ... -LSB- money -RSB- too ...
 this program runs off of powerpc which is a set up that mac no longer supports . it will not install or run on any os newer than snow leopard . there are no cracks or patches to get it to work anywhere . do not buy it for mac !!! it 's fun but it will not work , at all , ever , for any reason , if you have anything newer than snow leopard . being Lion or mountain lion osx . the computer will not be able to run it .
 Do yourself a favor - play Diablo 2 instead of wasting your money on this absolutely worthless , frustrating , terrible game . Yes , it may be 3D , but the character control is show-stopper terrible - unplayable - especially in combat.Also , regardless of how many people are playing together , there is only ONE main prize-weapon . This has two game-ruining effects - first , only ONE player in the team gets rewarded FOR THE ENTIRE QUEST !!!! Second , because everyone knows this , at the End-Main-Battle , no one is trying to defeat the boss , but rather are all fighting each other for the main prize weapon.Stupid story , blah 3D graphics , show-stopping game quirks , horrible interface . Gaming does not get any worse than this - avoid at all costs !!!
 This game is the exact same game as last year . From the main menu to the gameplay . I was shocked how similar Madden 2003 is to 2002 . The only thing different is the soundtrack and the addition of the Texans with it 's new divisions . You also have rookies in the game like David Carr and Joey Harrington , which 2002 does n't have . But everthing else is the same . The franchise mode , custom league , season mode , practice , etc. I often find Madden saying the same sentence three plays in a row , and then not say anything for the rest of the game . Its more like Al Michaels 2003 . It also could be harder . I went 16-0 and won the Super Bowl my first season on All-Madden . I did a Franchise and decided to trade some of my players to other teams only to find out that the computer was incredibly stupid . You can get pretty much anybody you want if you offer them a draft pick.If I were you , I would buy this game , but make it the last Madden game you buy on playstation one .
 This is very dull . The graphics are attrocious and the game play , do n't even get me started on it.The extras are dull , the soundtrack is a bore -LRB- except for the anthem by GC , and their leads Joel and Benji probably could have made a better game -RRB- So in conclusion buy this game if you want to die a dull and painful death . * shout out to my fella Rafe -LRB- You forgot your diapers at Melanie M 's -RRB-
 Right away , I would put no stars but that did n't appear to be an option . The game is , but should n't be , another Madden . I thought that it was absolutely awful . Luckily , I did n't buy it . It is , I thought , exactly like Madden 2002 , with the exception of a few new changes with the controls and the overall look from screen to screen . My opinion , Madden is very old , just look at the cover . I find all his games growing as old as him . It blows noses , as well as sneezes . It is football , which I happen to enjoy , and most football games I enjoy . Somehow , for mysterious as well as unknown reasons , it ruins the entire global fun in football . The game is very depressing , and somehow has a drone to it , although I have n't quite figured why . Making files on the memory card takes up a lot of space on 59 mb , such as myself . So maybe the fact that I did n't get to create files on my card had something to do with what I thought about the game . In order to create files , I would have to suggest buying one of the 251 mb cards , that is , if you want to make files . The game was just thrown on the market to make people run to the store and buy with the thought of ' `` Wow ! Another Madden game ! It has to be great , why else would they have a new one ! '' ' . Which is exactly why they are able to make another annoying Madden game year after year after year . I am personnally happy I had n't thought the same thing as everyone else running to the store . If I had I can make a good and well educated guess that I would have been cursed . Description : A football game that had class before a million of them were released annually , one by one that is . Basically the same as previous games related to Madden Football games . I found the controls eazsy to remember and use . But , -LRB- improper grammar , I know -RRB- the same cheesy graphics with ever so small improvements . I think it is very stupid that they throw madden 's name on the cover as well as a complimentary picture/photo/image whatever , but do n't include in any way shape or form use him in the game . Well there is the nearly invisible ` Ask Madden ' in the bottom right , or left , -LRB- I cant remember which -RRB- . I highly advise to ignore this game title , as well as the sight of it if you ever happen to cross in your lifetime . Also , act the same towards any future sequels , with the knowledge of what you can expect .
 Do you like playing hockey games , gliding on ice is all you are doing on madden , get 2k3
 I AM a fan of football games but this feels WAY too much like NCAA Football 2003 with a different title and cover art . It does have different modes , not too deep . I was struggling last week with a decision whether or not to get NHL 2004 PlayStation2 . NHL 2004 happens to be MUCH better . It also does n't have a good `` addiction level '' as I call it . Besides , the box now has a hobby , collecting dust . Commentary is quite annoying . Just the same thing again and again and again . Anyway , if looking for football , buy it . Otherwise , buy a better game like NHL 2004 or Godzilla
 If you loved the first Empire Earth , you will hate this game ! It is not fun , boring , and I had to deal with a million different glitches and other problems . I also had a problem because it was too slow . Once you get into the game , like most of these types of game , can be lower because every nation has expanded and more units are doing something . However , this game would take HOURS to load . This might be my computer , but I have a windows 7 and a XP , both doing the same thing . You should save your money on this game .
 I was excited to get it at first because I enjoyed EE1 and EE2 but this is just a horrible game I played through it pretty fast and just did n't enjoy playing it as much as EE1 and EE2 . No wonder this game flopped . If you really want to try it go for your money . But I suggest you just pretend to play it and go back and play EE2 . or something else .
 This game is garbage compared to EE1 and 2 . What was the developer thinking ? I can not tell you not to buy this , but if your a fan of the gender you wont like it.Shame because the lack of popularity of this game may kill out the EE line.I agree with every negative comment made by the other users , and can not really add more complaints.Stay away!Dan
 1 -RRB- Graphics are terrible - far worse then EE2 but much higher systems requirements2 -RRB- Voices are annoying at best , grating at worst3 -RRB- Unit and building styling looks like a bad comic strip4 -RRB- The gameplay is just plain boringWhat happened ? EE1 and EE2 were so much fun , this looks like it was developed in 1998 .
 I 've played EE1 and EE2 , and this , by far , is the WORSTTT game ever.EE1 and EE2 are WAYYYY better than this piece of crap.It 's very dumbed down and just overall retarded.Do not waste your money on this game . Look at other choices : -RRB-
 I received the product in good time and good condition . Had no problems whatsoever . The game was n't like Empire Earth 2 , but like all other commercial RTS games . The way they changed the game was n't for the better , but closer to the standardized money making version of other games . This is my own personal preference of course , but I would have liked more of Empire Earth 2 in the game supported by bright new ideas in a third series of the title .
 The reviews of this product showed an undemanding version that takes away from play instead of improving it . What a shame . I will reevaluate this game at a later date .
 This game was awful . I , like a lot of fans , bought this game without playing a demo in good faith that it would be as good as the previous games . How wrong I was!For starters you only have 3 races to play as . Then you have a small amount of units to choose from . The game play is just standard RTS nothing new or special about it & the graphics are extremely poor . The main thing that really bugged me was the unit voiceovers , they are ANNOYING ! For example your spearmen whinge carry on , its not even funny like the units in warcraft 2 & 3 , its plain stupid . To tell you the truth , the whole game annoyed me and after forcing myself to play due to paying good money for it , I uninstalled it and gave it to a friend who hated it as well.Do not waste good cash on this , stick to Empire earth 1 & 2 , and try and imagine that this game never existed .
 If you played the original Empire Earth you will be sorely disappointed in this game . They utterly ruined the classic EE . I played the demo only briefly was could not keep going beyond 1 or 2 minutes . The goofy taglines for ` citizens ' ` riflemen ' and the ` helicopter ' lost me . It looks like Sierra abandoned all hopes of recapturing the lightning they had in a bottle with the original Empire Earth.Save your money . If you doubt me , download the free demo which you can find anywhere online , before you even consider buying this atrocity .
 This game has bad graphics , horrible performance , and is a HUGE waste of money . The cover may look good , but do n't be decieved . This game is a defenite 0/10 .
 Please tell me I am dreaming ! Seriously!If you satisfy all of these conditions then , this is your game - You like extremely shallow games - You want to have a reason to reduce you computer into metal shards - You want to look at cheesy animation and graphics - You like spending $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for a pile of junk - You want to use it as a prank birthday gift - Plenty more , but I do n't feel like writing for the sake of this gameGet the point ? This game is HORRIBLE ! DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!This is the worst game I have ever played -LRB- besides Bionicle -RRB- , the only reason I am even bothering to write this review is so all of you buyers can be warned of this game -LRB- technically , this does n't even qualify as a game , games are supposed to be fun ! -RRB- . I like the Empire Earth series , and the previous games were really fun , but this on the other hand , is quite the opposite.Graphics 4/10Gameplay 1/10Story 0/10 -LRB- there is none -RRB- Sound 2/10Presentation 1/10Length 1/10 -LRB- After two hours , this will be off your hard drive -RRB- Stability
 If all good things must come to an end , then this game is exactly that end.What happened here MadDoc ? What in god 's name did you think you were going to accomplish by doing what you did here ? You purposely dumbed down the game to try to appeal to a greater audience , to gain a larger market share , and , you failed . You turned your back away from the customers - because you got greedy.In particular , MadDoc failed to realize that :1 -RRB- The market for gamers who play the EE series are history fans and RTS fans of whom have intelligence and enjoy depth and strategy . EEIII targets the market of the likes for Warcraft III , and guess what , remaking the same game is never a good idea , not to mention changing the game by changing the original target audience of intellectuals to a target audience to that of morons is just going to burn you . I 'm almost certain that a number of people at MadDoc tried telling the head business jerks that this game idea was a dead end , and I bet the business people did n't even care to listen . These people developed the business-man-syndrome , this nose-in-the-air attitude that they know everything , rightfully certain of their inner thoughts as being truth among men , arrogantly and egotistically pushing themselves to unforeseeable financial failure , all on account of greed by simply not knowing their audience nor market .2 -RRB- The reduction in the number of epochs , the number of unique civilizations , the number of collectible minerals , the number of units , etc. is their major fault here . MadDoc dumbed down gameplay simply by removing gameplay , and their lead game designer should be fired as a result of this atrocity . We players were n't asking for unique assets for each unique civilization , but rather just more storyline behind them . We players were n't asking for a simplification of the epochs , but rather just more precision in historical accurate gameplay . We players were n't asking for a dumbed down version of EEII so our grandparents or nephew could play - we were asking for a game WE wanted to play ; one with strategy , cunning , and most importantly GAMEPLAY ! MadDoc removed the most vital part , can you not see the error ? 3 -RRB- MadDoc decided to add the world map , almost like a Risk-like layer ontop . This * is * what players asked for , but they did * not * ask for the above two . MadDoc , very literally , could have not even of touched EEII , but rather just add this world map part , and released it and it would have been 10x better than what it is now.If you enjoy mindless Warcraft III like games , EEIII fits that bill nicely . I would save your money for something else . This game and its series is now under control of non-intelligent weasels who care nothing about players , but have let their greed consume themselves .
 Everything was already said in the reviews before me . This game is a 2/5 at best . The original gameplay and awesomeness of EE and EE2 is nonexistent in this game . When I saw that they came out with EE3 I was extremely happy . I am a fan of the other two games in this series . I also bought this game without looking at the reviews or rating to check if this was a good game . I bought it , sat drooling for three days for it to be delivered , sat down to play it for 15 minutes after an hour long installation , and put it back in its case to place it in a section of my room where I will never see it.This game has insanely childish graphicsIt has absolutely no story with a nonexistent campaignI could not make it through two turns of world domination without being boredThere are no aircraft except for ` bombing runs ' so anti-air is not needed and is barely there anywayDO NOT BUY THE GAME IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A SPECTACULAR PREFORMANCE AS FROM EE AND EE2Thank you for staying with me through my ranting
 I have played each empire earth version always impressed at the strides made with each successive version ... until this one . It looks like EE III was redesigned to better cater to players interested in a first person shooter -LRB- FPS -RRB- game instead of an RTS . The variations of the different cultures and their technology evolutions were completely thrown out in favor of 3 basic cultures
 I did n't expect it to be this bad the graphics were more bad then the first one . Do n't buy it
 When I first saw this on youtube , I was like , `` ok ? this is wierd ... '' when i read customer reviews i was like `` uh oh '' and when i tried a demo , i was like `` WT * IS THIS '' I mean , seriously , this game is WIERD ! Wierd styles , especially wierd talking . Like when you select a builder , he says `` What am I supposed to , uh , funny guy ! '' with a wierd accent . The style is like a lame strategy game mixed with a wierd cartoon made for 5 year olds . They completly changed the way you collect resources , instead of making people who mine and stuff , you got ta build seperate buildings . The AI is very easy , the first time i played i destroyed a normal difficulty enemy in 10 - 15 minutes . This game is stupid ! Stupid talking , styles , graphics , etc. . DOMT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS
 I loved the gaming experience of the open skirmishes of EEII Exp . and the graphic quality was good . These guys at MadDoc completely ruined this game . The graphics are poor at best even at the more extreme settings . Performance is atrocious . The user interface has changed for the worse . Game play suffers greatly compared to EEII . Apparently they were not able to use the original game engine and it certainly shows . I completely wasted $ 50 on this worthless gaming experience . I 've been playing strategy games since the original Command and Conquer and beleive me you WILL be dissappointed if you buy this mess . Since we ca n't return opened games , please show these misrepresenting jerks by not purchasing this rip-off .
 This is the worst game I have ever owned . It seems like a cross of the video play of Zeus or Poseiden and Rise of Nations . Please save your money and spend it on a good game like pong .
 I am extremely disappointed with Empire Earth 3 . Having played both EE 1 and 2 , I had high expectations for EE3 , especially considering how vastly better EE2 was than EE1 . However , I have been let down for these two main reasons :1 . EE is now too simple . EE1 and EE2 had such complexity and depth of strategy and customization ; the developers did n't treat the gamers as idiots . You had to actually think to play the game . Now , the techs are reduced , the epochs are not only short in advancing from one to another , but lack complexity in each epoch to make someone want to stay in a particular epoch for too long .2 . EE3 has performance issues . Granted , my computer is n't a dedicated gaming rig , but with a 8800GT 512mb video card , a Q6600 quad core and 3 gigs of ram , one would expect the graphics to run at least somewhat smoothly . However , at the lowest graphical settings and with nothing else running in the background , EE3 still manages to run slow during skirmishes , and unplayable in Earth-view during the world domination game . This is with the 1.1 patch.On the upside , some of the graphics are admittedly nicely done , and overall the game is still playable for short periods of time , if you ignore the performance issues . This is definitely a game you 'd want to borrow from a friend to try first before buying , EVEN if you 've played the first 2 .
 This game is almost exactly similar to Rise of Nations -LRB- perhaps even based off the same engine -RRB- , except you 'll notice the following differences : - The game engine is designed for a system that does not yet exist . I ran this game on my HPE-257c with anIntel Core i7 Processor i7-930 2.80 GHz 8 MB LGA1366 CPU , Retail BX80601930 , 8gb of RAM , and anSapphire Radeon HD 5570 - 1 GB DDR3 DP/DVI-I/VGA PCI-Express Graphics Card 100293DPand even on minimum settings with all the special options off , the game still skips and lags . Higher settings will skip more , and still look horrible . I can run Modern Games likeStarcraft II
 I bought this game quite some time ago , and now that I see I 've seen it again , I had to drop by and say just how terrible this game is . This game , is an ABOMINATION . Period . If you liked EE2 , keep it at that . In this piece of crap , you ca n't produce anywhere near the number of you units you can produce in EE2 , there are only 3 , THREE , races to choose from , the game is full of bugs -LRB- you 'll be lucky if you can play an hour straight -RRB- , and the gameplay just outright sucks . Thanks Sierra , you 've let us down , again .
 - The most disappointing for this empire earth series it 's that it does n't have any story-lines for the three factions.-If you like Warcraft III , you 're probably like the graphic in this game.-The gameplay for single player campaign is more like Medieval Total War II with RTS features -LRB- like gathering resources and building units -RRB- . - Be aware of the system requirement , even with my thin gaming laptop , i could n't play the game smoothly and had to turn all features to the lowest . below is my system :2.0 Ghz Intel Core 2 Duo2GB of Memory RAMATI x1400 of 256MB
 This game is horrible.Save your money for a new system .
 This game is Ok as far as an update goes . But when you play the Houston Texans , the announcer says `` Welcome to Houston , where the * cowboys * in the stands ... '' I mean are these guys so STUPID that they do n't realize many Houston fans HATE the Cowboys ? Or maybe the programmers are ranked in the same low classification . Probably the latter . Houston fans , beware
 Never received item -LRB- Romance of the Three Kingdom VII for PS2 -RRB- from Vanderlow58 . Vendor has n't repliedto my email of three weeks ago .
 What a dissapointment . They add all types of new play , improved graphics , and a chance to climb up the ladder of power . But , they took away why I even play the game . I actually have friends and enjoy playing games with them . If you dislike playing games with your friends , this is a game for you . If you like kicking some -LSB- rear -RSB- in a game and only being able to impress yourself , this is your game . This is a 1 player game . Unlike every other romance I 've played -LRB- and I 've played since part 1 -RRB- . I preordered it , with me and my friends dying to play . Then I opened the box and see it 's a 1 player game . I sent the game back the same day I got it . So much for improving on a great thing . I recomend for the people that have friends , that you stick with romance 4 .
 This game is a definate improvement from Gameday 2001 -LRB- the last version i have played -RRB- but there are still flaws . First of all , the controls take some getting used to -LRB- at least for me , i 'm more of a madden fan -RRB- . Second , the running game is non existent . Picking a play is extremely difficult , especially if you do not want a play in the shotgun . When you are passing , the best way to gain yards whaen the recievers are covered is to make your QB run , the computer will not stop you at all . The graphics are extremely better than 2001 , it finally looks like a ps2 game , but the players are too skinny and they never show their faces . and this year they also took time to put everyone 's name in the game , which they did n't do in 2001 . That is all i have to say for now .
 I have purchased Madden games too many times before . How many times to I have to listen to John commentate on how well I 'm moving the ball after I punted . My other favorite is how I was not expecting my running game to be this good after I gain 10 yards on my first play . NFL 2K3 is so much better . With the addition of the ESPN and the actual intelligent commentary it makes you feel as if you are actually playing a real game . Do your self a favor and pick up NFL2K3 instead . The only hard part was getting used to the controls and configuration .
 this game is a slap in the face for all of us who have stuck by ea sports . not only can you still put up a 150 points up on the bears using the texans , but now it seems they have just stop trying to impress our eyes as well . this game has not changed since the 2000 version and now 2003 looks worse than 2002 . all this said though i can really only hate madden ea 's ncaa football did improve and is by far the game to have for college ball , but if its nfl you want stick to nfl 2k3 or even fever.its hard to let madden go at first but dont keep being used by the ea sports team get a great game that trys to be better every year like madden used to do .
 I just bought an xbox and got madden 2003 because a friend suggested it and man was he wrong . I mean dont get me wrong hear , yeah the graphics are great but the game play is what I look for.The players run to slow and the rams offense is not all their.I put the game on all star and beat the Bucs with the Browns c'mon E.A get it together baby . Now if you want a real football game get NFL FEVER 2003 for your xbox and that is all I have to say .
 Multi platform games -LSB- arent ' good -RSB- and this is just another example of the same thing for the last 5 years of madden . Graphics are ok but not breathtaking . It seems the only thing that sells this game anymore is the name personally I think everyone should take a stand and quit buying this cookie cutter game . Let someone else show what they can do for a while like sega .
 I am a die hard football fan first and a gamer second . I bought Madden 2003 and NFL Fever 2003 and played them side by side for a week , and Madden has gone back to the store ! There is NO comparison to the realistic look and feel of NFL Fever compared to Madden . Sure , EA may have put more features like drills and cards to collect etc. but I bought this to actually play a football game , and NFL Fever allows you to do just that with better graphics and more realism ! Not having owned any previous version of either , I gave both an equal amount of time , and even invited several friends to try both and NONE of them chose Madden after playing both . If you own an Xbox , there really is no better choice than NFL Fever 2003 , sorry all of you with Sony or Nintendo , you have to settle for second best !
 First of all , let me get to the point
 Cosidering that I Paid all this money for Socom and the Network Adapter i ca n't even play this game . Where i live they do not have broadband . I did not know that SOCOM could only be played through broadband . So for you all that only have dial up do not buy this game .
 If you enjoy PC-style online FPS gaming , I would NOT reccomend this game . The online version is very poorly done .1 -RRB- You can not join in the middle of the game2 -RRB- You only have 1 life3 -RRB- You die very easily -LRB- like 2 shots -RRB- 4 -RRB- It is basically a bad deathmatch , no one goes for any of the objectives , so you just run around and kill eachother.Unfortunately , I havent had the chance to find a better alternative , so I would recommend to keep with PC FPS !
 this game is really not that good , graphics could of been better , when your palying it 's really difficult to move and shoot , `` i hate the controller configuration '' rent it do n't buy it .
 GAme rocks but 29.99 is normal price and amazon tring to sell for 79.99
 GAme rock but The price normally 29.99 canadian and amazon trying to sell for 79.99
 Wow what a piece of junk , oh hello this game is bad in my opinion so let me put it in a scale from 1-10 10 being the best score.Graphics-3 -LRB- yeah it 's bad alright the missions that take place at night you can barely see anything -RRB- Sound-5 -LRB- gunshots sound cool , thats about it -RRB- gameplay/fun level-2 -LRB- this game is so thickheaded the controls are horrible and hard to use , to control your seal you have to use the analog stick and that sucks , every button does something and gets very confusing and hard -RRB- Overall-3 -LRB- poor graphics , medicore sound , no fun , equals bad game !!! Side Comments-The only thing i enjoyed was the documentary of the real navy seals in the options menu.Final comment-Rent First
 This game have bad grafics , stupid music , idiotic plot and they kill you each 5 seconds , this game sucks , and the real reason everybodie play it , is because its say 's US navy seals .
 I love military shooter games . I have all the Ghost Recon 's that are available on the PS2 and I have finished them all with minimal frustration . SOCOM has the same kind of formula with a squad based tactical shooter . You 're in control of two teams of two SEALs going after terrorists in different environments
 i was disappointed with the gameplay and bad AI , i was hoping it was going to be like counter-strike , but you get killed after about 1 shot , i wish this game would have at least started with a decent first level , i cant believe i was going to buy this game , i 'm glad everyone was sold out and was stuck renting it ... i recommend renting it first
 this stunk no excitment bad graphics the worst game worsse tan elmo s world
 I have played so many espionnage , anti-terrorists , military games and this one is one of the worst . I do n't know how Boomer , Jester and Spectre passed the SEALs ' BDUs , 'cause these guys are strategically and tactically the most stupidest SEALs I have ever seen . They can not think by themselves AT ALL .
 I do n't know what it was about this game that made me dislike it so much . Oh wait , could it be the fact that it was boring , my teammates never did what I wanted them to do , the weapons were boring , and did I mention it was boring ? Usually when I finish a game I am dissapointed and want more , but when this game ended I was relieved and promised myself that If there was ever a SOCOM II I would stay as far away as possible .
 i 'm a big fan of military and FPS -LRB- well this one is 3rd person , anyway -RRB- games . this is the worst squad game i 've ever played . your teammates do not react as a real human would
 This game may or may not be the one for you . As in my case , coming off of playing The Thing , SOCOM failed to impress . Also , I do n't intend on investing hours online . My main intention was enjoying it as a solo play game.SOCOM is a third person shooter , with bad sound and limited graphics . The AI is questionable at best . Unlike The Thing whose graphics are realistic , varied and impressively combined with ambient sound and a great story.Also , for a game with such a unique control system -LRB- squad control , weapon selection , voice command , etc. -RRB- it would have been appropriate to have at least one training level . Not only would it make it easier on gamers , but does n't part of the mystique of the SEALs have to do with their intense training regiment ? Would n't a mock up of ` Hell Week ' be a great and OBVIOUS way of familiarizing gamers with the controls?Instead , you 're thrown into a level where you must learn as you go ... and ultimately becomes laughably simple . In the first level especially , your squad mates are more of a hindrance than a help.All in all , rent it first . If you happen to rent it at a shop that does not let you rent the headset , do n't worry . The headset simply calls up text menus , that can be more easily used with the O button . Long story short , you 're not missing anything .
 I have bought every single Madden game dating back to Madden 2001 for the N64 . Now I know it is n't fair to compare GBA games to high-powered systems like the Xbox . So I wo n't . I bought this game thinking I was going to get a pretty good football game for my GBA . Well , after experiencing what this game has to offer , I may never buy another Madden game for the GBA . The sound is crisp but only plays one song , Andrew W.K. Party Hard . The controls are decent , the graphics are a real letdown compared to what EA did with the NHL 2002 for the GBA , and the replayability is only there if you wish to play as another team , because the schedule is the same when you start a new season . The playoff mode will provide some replayability , but like the season mode , after a while , you just wo n't want to play it again . The real big problem I have about this game is that you can not run worth beans and most passing plays are decent . I found a passing play that worked for me 96 % of the time , and everytime it was completed , my receiver would run in the length of the field for a touchdown . So the A.I. is a REAL drawback to this game . Plus you can rack up the score real easily in this game . It would be nice if the schedule could change after each season . NHL 2002 is a much bigger game , as far as to develop , than Madden was . You would think that they would be able to easily squeeze in a chip that would change the schedules!Overall
 I was really looking forward to play this game , but I am really disappointed now . First , I personally do not like Madden-style up and down field mode . Nonetheless , I 'm glad I only paid $ for this game.PS I would really want to see Tecmo bring back Tecmo Super Bowl -LRB- SNES Version -RRB- to Gameboy Advance . Tecmo Super Bowl is the best football game ever !
 I hate this game and if your a madden freak you might get it forcolletion but not for fun.it : boring , no fun at all.but all in allthe best thing is the create-a-player thats it.If you know madden , this madden game looks like madden 1996 on SNES.i am going to tell you the pro 's and con 's for you can understand.PRO 'S : Create-a-player is great but not that all greatGot all teams even all maddenbut i got to give them credict . . they try to give them a cool inzone daneits got link play action . .2 p actionCON 'S : game play sucks like hell ... thats right i said helli told you about the grahics it look like 1996 maddengets boring real quick i. . mean quickwell thats all about this stupid game.Im telling the truth i gotthis game by mistake . . i well speak the truth .
 This game had some potential but it dies after a few hours of play because of things that should not be . It has a decent story , and if you like an old style rpg , it starts out feeling OK . But it soon deteriorates .1 -RRB- it is turn based combat . Now I am an old fallout fan so I like a good turn based combat game but this combat system is pretty dull . You have no control over your character . Everyone stands around and takes their shots . Last man standing wins . No using cover , no combo creations you can create , etc. 2 -RRB- the spell system is not intuitive at all . Indeed I played the first 10 hours without understanding how to make or cast a spell because I could not figure it out and the game guide for the US version is horrid . After HASTE spell was used against me in combat I decided there was at least one spell worth knowing so I went online to get instructions .3 -RRB- at first random battles are OK to have but after a while you get tired of them . There is a level up issue too . As you level up , killing known monster types does not get easier because they level up with you . If you level up too much in the early game beacuse you are fighting all the battles , then you end up in an impossible situation because you can not win any more battles . Your opponents are the same level as you but they have great spells and armor and weapons and skill points , and you do not because you have not made it to that part of the game yet where this stuff is available so you loose . Indeeed , the advice online is not to fight any battles -LRB- yes do not fight ANY random encounters -RRB- in the begining and concentrate on quests as your level up scheme or else you will fall into this trap . Gee ? what kind of fighting RPG game has players recommending not fighting ? 4 -RRB- Graphics look good in the adds but it is deceptive . They are not that great for most of the game areas .5 -RRB- there is no map system I can see so you can not figure out where to go for stuff and you have no control over camera angle . Both these are very anoyying . Of course if you can not move around during battle then why bother with camera angle eh ... It might have been a good game when it first came out but it is not worth the time you will put into it now when you have other choices like THE WITCHER at your disposal.Hail Flavius
 This game is a bad mix of Hero 's Quest and Final Fantisy and its riddles with bugs .
 As a long time RPG fan , I found this game great . It reminded me of many great games I had played in the past . The graphics are sub-par to the current standards , but the gameplay is fun . Unfortunately , I must recommend everyone away from this game simply due to the number of bugs . Yes , there are the crash-to-windows bugs , the plot-necessary items not showing up correctly , and so forth , but more than that are the game killers . I played for about an hour and a half building my character and exploring the game only to have all my saves -LRB- from about the last 30 minutes -RRB- become corrupt , twice . I checked for patches , but the US version is considered up to date and all patches are for earlier European versions . Actually , only the german version can apply the latest patch , which came out early in 2006 . After tranlating and attempting to read work-arounds to the several known game killing bugs in the German forums , I gave it another shot . Yet even following all the listed advice , my saved game were corrupted . Hence , a long rant about a fun , but not really playable game .
 The game is good and I have patched it already but it still crashes back to windows so if you do play it save often , like after every battle . The graphics are ok but not great and the storyline is very good . I really doubt you will ever finish the game though as the crashes get boring after a while . But the price was right for this game and when it plays , it plays well .
 I could not make it through 15 minutes of play on this game ever for the 6 dollars it was not worth it . I have been playing computer games since the early 80 's and this has got to be one of the worse 3 games I have ever played . Beware this one .
 I purchased this gane recently . I thought it was a great deal , seeing as how it only cost around -30 cents - . I saw the low price and was in the middle of another order of a few other games , so I threw this one in with the order with a `` Eh , why not , whats the worst that could happen ? '' How wrong I was . This game implements some of the worst coding I have - ever - seen , with hundreds of glitches , bugs , and other problems . I have never been so disgusted with any videogame ever . I played 15 minutes into this game , and after three crashes , just quit and uninstalled it . This is the first -LRB- and probably last -RRB- time in my life I have ever have bought something for less than fifty cents and wanted my money back for it .
 cinamatics are good , game was not well plotted or did not have good storyline . game was too easy to beat on normal settings and was shortlived , i think they sunk too much resources into online play.beat it in 2 days or 1 weekend -LRB- not constant either , i do have a life -RRB- . game ended leaving the feeling , `` that 's it ?! '' Wow , that was quick .
 Barely reminiscent of D&D , can not max graphics out -LRB- 3.6 Ghz w/HT , 2GRam , Radeon x850 XT -RRB- which was disappointing . Looks ok , but game is a real memory hog , and must be played at 1280x1024 unless you have a Ge-Force 7800 -LRB- even though ATI logo included on box -RRB- Graphics aside , the game is a fun distraction , but not any more noteworthy than that . Not worth initial price , I would wait a year until this one comes down a bit , this is a $ 25 game at best . Should be mentioned that one of the races is only playable in multi-player , as this was a factor in my shelving the game so early .
 I usually dont write reviews -LRB- just too lazy -RRB- but I feel that I am almost morally required to write one for this game . I had high hopes after reading a couple other reviews on amazon . . and after some critiques of the game said that it was `` a nice blend of RTS and RPG `` There are a lot of bugs in this game . . One of which I found out the hard way in the single person game that because I had too throughly destroyed the enemy -LRB- the game assumed I would not be able to destroy the enemy base . . which I demolished -RRB- and It would not let me win ... therefore I had to start over and not recieve as much experience for.Ill give credit to the graphics ... the game is pretty . However if you decide to create a full army , have all the upgrades and wait till you have all your soldiers watch as even a particullarly fast computer bogs down to a murky halt where your butt is still getting kicked by the enemy and you can not use your special effects .
 I really liked the idea of a D&D ; RTS so I bought Dragonshard as soon as it came out . It was definitely not one of the better game purchases I have made.First off there are way too many bugs in the game . From small things like items disappearing from saved games , to characters being invisible with some video cards , to my personal favorite
 Just got this game , installed it , downloaded the patch , and began play . Here is my quick review : Pros1 . It 's fun when it works .2 . Graphics are kind of cool .3 . Using above ground for RTS and underground for RPG is a unique idea.Cons1 . Three factions and two very short campaigns -LRB- which use only two factions . the third is usable only in skirmish or multiplayer -RRB- 2 . Even after the update there are too many crashes . Lots of threads about it in the forums on the company website .3 . Not enough character races , creatures , upgrades , etc. . The way the population limit works kind of sucks .4 . You get premade champions and you do n't get to create your own -LRB- so much for the RPG aspect of the game -RRB- .5 . Gold through dungeoneering and taxation is interesting , but you have to wait ... and wait ... and wait for gold from taxes once you 've gotten all the gold from the dungeons.If you really want this game , do n't spend more than $ 20 on this game .
 I have to admit that when I bought this game , I expected more from it . It looked to be a good game and having it as a RTS and RPG cross was something that I looked forward to , as I 'm a fan of both.However , when I loaded it up in the computer , I could see at once a few things
 I got this game for Christmas and eagerly installed it over the weekend . I played through Chapters 1 and 2 without incident and had a GREAT time . When I got to Chapter 3 , I had no problem until after I defeated the biggest baddie in the dungeon and then saved my game . Every time I tried to load the saved game the program would crash and my Windows desktop stared at me , mocking my frustration . I gave a big sigh and loaded a saved game prior to the one that was obviously corrupted . I played for about another hour , saving all the way , until I had a huge army massed -LRB- still in Chapter 3 -RRB- and was leading them into battle against a horde of enemies . As soon as both armies were on the screen , the game crashed and again the desktop was shown . I refuse to play this game again until another patch is produced . I have a top of the line system with a 2.6 GHz processor , 1GB of RAM , and an NVIDIA GeForce 5200 Ultra 128MB video card . I also have no problem playing many other games , including some other Atari ones ! Avoid this game until the next patch is released .
 Atari should be sued for putting the Dungeons and Dragons name on this product . If you want a roleplaying game look elsewhere . If you are tired of Warcraft 3 this is not the game to replace it .
 Very little I have seen of this game so far makes we want to keep playing . In its attempt to be both RTS and RPG is fails . Sound , Graphics , Game Controls just do n't do anything for me . Especially the camera control , it has no rotate ability that I have been able to find yet . You are stuck with the basic perspective the game gives you and this gets annoying when you ca n't rotate the camera to see the bottom of the screen.As the heading says , Dull and Uninspiring . Think I 'll uninstall it and get back my disk space.Hail Flavius !
 I could write a long review if I could actually play this game . After installing the game without the patch , I could play for about a minute before the game crashed my system . I installed the patch . The game still crashes my system . No new patch in site . This is not a game , it is an unplayable mess that should be recalled or apologized for.Stay away .
 Played very slow , did not like the graphics . I had a hard time with controls , not very intuitive . Liked the intro .
 This game has no similarity at all to D&D ; and I found the title to the game misleading.Hero development is mundane and sorely limited.If you are looking for a D&D ; game , this is definitely not it.Game is pretty repetive and limited .
 If you like rts I would n't suggest this game in less you really like D&D. ; Which was the case for me . In the end I was still disipointed.The dual map underworld/surface world feature , is pretty neat . I really like the ability to switch it based on the mini map . Playing skirmishes or mutliplayer , you spend alot of time under ground . Being that is were all the gold , most creatures killed for XP , and mission ending objectives are . I would n't go as far as to say the underworld or khyber is a rpg in itself , even in the single player game.RPGs normally have half way decent writing . The dialogue was so bad , it was funny . I did n't really care about the characters or what happened to them . Most other RTS have better storylines and cutsence writing . I expected a game based on D&D ; to be a little better.The nexus system is n't really that great . The game is packed with all types of different units , each with mutilple special abilities . Which you are restricted to only uses a three or four types at a time . It seems this inivative system , just takes a large variety of units and restricts you based on what building you build . This allmost forces you in to ` tank rush ' battles , even if you want to be more tactful.The battles are n't very exciting . They seem lacking . The maps are very small allso , which is made up slighty by khyber , but they still seem tight . The use of ` suveyors ' will show you the location of dragon shards , after they fall . So you can collect them . Chances are if your oppent is half way decent and they need dragonshards . They 're goind to show up in the same place you are . Half the time with there entire army . This gets really lame . Who ever has the larger army at this point is going to have map control , since the maps are tiny , and most units travel at the same speed , fast.This game did n't relly hold my interest . Some of the umbragen units where fascinating , but most others have been seen before . The warforged were cool too , but are better represented in the pen and paper game.Wait for blizzards next masterpeice , or try BFME or even AOE3 . Inless you fit in the niche , of D&D ; / RTS fan . Even than you still might be disapointed .
 Poor graphics , long load times ... an Age of Empire 's knock off with poor graphics . All your characters look the same.Not very fun or impressive . Save yourself some frustration and get a NEWER game : -RRB- Grade
 This game is my worst game . This game disgusts me very much.I try to execute the latest patch , but not improved.I think it has the possibility to exert immeasurable damage to WindowsXP.Of cource I know that others can play this game with no problem.However , it is how much , it is strange to become such trouble.This game is my first game that is reboot WindowsXP by force.I want to return it possibly . Pay back my money .
 I bought this game because of all the hype and because I am a big d@D/ eberron fan but i feel ript off by this game -LSB- ... -RSB- The game has multiple flaws , Graphics continue to go out aloot in this game and as a straagy game it is the weakest yet , It does have good graphics when it does n't glitch out on you and the some of the character concepts are cool but that does n't compare to the hight price tag , wait for this to go down to a $ 1.00 or if some on just gives it to you , Point Blank THIS GAME IS LAME , LAME , LAME !
 This game takes some of the things we hate from most RTS games , all of the things we hate from DND hack and slash games , and piles them up into one product . Then if that was n't enough , they throw in some of the most obnoxious micromanagement ever concieved . . Can you imagine having to control all of your resource farmers every second of a game ? Imagine no more , you have to in this game!This one is best totally avoided , it is a poor production overall , does nothing new and innovative , and rips off a ton of ideas from other games - usually bad ideas .
 Game is frozen most of the time . You get maybe 5 minutes of playtime per hour , the rest is spent waiting for game to unfreeze .
 If you liked Warcraft III you may like this game . The game has a good engine , good sounds , good cinematic and characters are detailed , but that is all.If the makers would had put some cool effects when using a spell or an ability , the game would be better . Buildings and fortress are a joke . Gameplay is all about units quantities , didn , t see much strategy in this game . The ending of the campaign was very disappointing.This game could have been great , but it is n't . In conclusion , i would recommend to try a demo before buying this game . I did n't like it , so i wo n't recommend it . Try something like Battle for Middle Earth instead .
 Dragonshard is billed as a Dungeons and Dragons Real Time Stategy game . When you adapt a turn-based role-playing game into a different genre , this is the unfortunate result.This is a game that will be purchased by D&D ; fans because of the franchise . I was drawn in for that reason , after passing it over several times because I had reservations about this RTS-RPG hybrid . I need to start paying closer attention to that inner voice.There is really no meaningful tie-in to D&D ; in this game . A few of the units have names or powers taken from AD&D ; , but those names or powers do not correspond to those in the AD&D ; world . If I took `` Civilization III '' and renamed the first base `` Waterdeep , '' it would have roughly the same amount of tie-in to D&D. ; I am not a fan of RTS , generally speaking . I far prefer RPG . RTS often devolves into long periods of collecting and building followed by frantic scrabbling to use the interface when combat occurs . That summarizes the gameplay in Dragonsgard . There is a little strategy , and a lot of real time . Age of Empires handled this as well or better 5 years ago.I played on a Pentium 4 2.8 GHz , 512RAM , ATI Mobility X300 . Not a low-end system , but it was a laptop . It was laggy and crashed several times . Several times saved games were corrupted . I have n't installed it on my desktop and do n't think I will , but it might perform better on that platform.The graphics were average . The voice acting was hampered by amateurish writing . It seems as though the writing was aimed at 12 year olds -LRB- and perhaps it was . -RRB- The background music was inoffensive , but did not do much for me , either.Overall , it was not worth $ 50 . When it 's patched , it might be worth a play at a much lower price . If it does get a significant patch , I will send Atari a bill for doing its beta-testing . If you enjoy RTS , there are better titles out there . If you are a D&D ; fan who likes to try out things the franchise licenses , do n't be taken in .
 I can see this sinking to budget price soon , so if you must play it just wait . I will say , I loved Liquid Entertainment 's Battle Realms , it was one of the most underrated RTS games that had a great feel to it with some refreshing gameplay -LRB- renewable resources being the big one -RRB- . This game on the other hand lacks many things that would make it a great RTS -LRB- and even more too given it 's RPG hybrid tag -RRB- . Unit control and pathing are pretty poor . The online community is just not there , and since it is run through gamespy , stability is in question . Strange things that were in the demo like running in LCD standard res are not in the retail.The game setting of Eberron is fairly weak . If I was 12 I might find it fantastical but now I find it derrivative . That being said , this game is D&D ; in name only . No system in the game is remotely taken in to the game ... you can not even level your heroes in the campaign mode except with items . Granted ... the creatures and set dressing are D&D ; flavored.The campaign single player mode is also very silly . It goes from slightly challenging and fun to just impossible as the computer AI has more units than you could possibly ever get , and roams around collecting all the resources.Underneath all this mess is mostly an appealing RTS . It does not do anything particularly inventive but is not all that horrible . One major complaint is the micromanagment of collecting `` shards '' . You have to keep assigning units to do it . Be nice if you could set one unit to just auto-collect in an area.I hope a patch comes along to stablizes the multiplayer and perhaps improve the single player game , but I am sure they are long down the road if at all . Liquid 's Battle Realms took 3 patches before the online play was tolerable , and they were about several months apart.So perhaps with a strong patch this is worth getting , otherwise , wait for the bargin rack when you have nothing else to do .
 This game no longer has support - development has stopped despite numerous FATAL bugs . In fact its so buggy IMO it is boardering on fraud to have released it and compounded this `` error '' by not re-calling the software.For single players it has two `` threads '' that represent about 9-10 hours of play each . They are not bad , but they are not that good either . The Oder of the Flame thread has serious problems with saves and virtual memory which can slow even a good system to a crawl . The Lizard Folk thread ended for me on the 3rd chapter -LRB- of 7 -RRB- due to a fatal bug.IF you are looking for a single player RTS game with REAL roleplaying character then purchase the SpellForce series . . MUCH better with a LOT more playing time . -LRB- . . and much more roleplaying character . -RRB- IF you can give up the `` real-time '' element of the game then an even better game with even more playing time is provided from Disciples 2 Gold -LRB- . . which has about 120 US worth of software in it because its a compilation of several continuing games -RRB- . Both are addictive , but Disciples 2 Gold is better.For multiplayers things get better , there are REAL roleplaying differences with this game then with something like WarLords 3 et ` al. . IF you have someone to play against AND the thing runs stable - then it could be well worth it for the multiplayer alone .
 This game is strictly a VERY poor arcade shooter . You are placed in a helicopter or HUMVEE -- which is 100 % controlled by an AI pilot or driver -- in Iraq behind a mini-gun or heavy machinegun , and you shoot at hundreds of out-in-the-open terrorists . That 's it
 This video game looks good for its type . The video sequences were well acted , and fit with the game . However , I wish that they skipped some of the long video sequences for more levels to the game !!!!!!!!!! I am not a serious gamer and I finished it in about 15 hours of play on the hard level on my first play through ! 2 or 3 tries on a level and I was done.There was also a sense that the game was rushed . I did n't get a feel that the `` enemy '' was a thinking one . I expected a lot more for $ 50 than what I got .
 Do not buy if you have windows 7 because it is n't compatible . Other then that the game is great to play enjoy .
 I 've got a late model GeForce4 graphics card and I picked up this game after glancing at the requirements -LRB- 64MB , 128MB Recommended , GeForce3 and above -RRB- . Well I failed to see the little astrisk after that that pointed to some small type at the bottom that read `` except for GEForce4 '' which I think is important enough to warrant a big yellow warning on the front of the box listing all of the higher end graphics cards that it is incompatible with . So , long story short , I 'm stuck with a $ 50 dog that I ca n't play that I will probably end up selling here for $ 30 which is what I imagine happened to half the individual sellers here . Caveat Emptor .
 Pretty shabby ! It would install but it would not play because it needed some obscure video card feature . Most EA games and a lot of others work fine on our machines , but not this one . Beware!Act of War
 Game eats resources -LRB- memory ; video ; hd -RRB- , freezes . Multiplayer does not work on any port by 5000 , change settings or not . Even there it is impossible to start if you have any kind of network security . I have dual CPU , 1G memory , 256 M video . It does not help performance at all . In fact it display exactly same symptoms as `` Battle of isles '' from UBsoft . I suspect same as BOI they will never make it work - they just do not know how . PS
 I do not recommend the game .1 . I played for 15 minutes . The obscenity `` GD '' was used twice . Then during a cinema outtake a actor used the word Christ improperly.Religion does not belong in a game except for simply good versus evil constructs . Using obscene language unnecessarily and frequently detracts from the positive viewpoint games can be in.Example
 The graphics are very nice , but the gameplay is not worthy of anything more than one star.This game is obviously just a beta test version . There is no useful tutorial to learn how to play this game , so do n't bother purchasing this game . If you bother to spend more than a few minutes playing this game , you will quickly realize that the designers of this game did not bother to teach you how to play it . There is no tutorial at all . The windows that pop up have no explanation . This game is a perfect example of bad design . It may be fun for the people who designed it -- they know how to play it . But if you install this game and run it , you will get no instructions about how to play it.Bottom line
 Or maybe it 's the Macintosh they do n't respect . Having two older versions of Scrabble for the old Mac system 9 I 've been waiting many years for an update for Mac OS X. I kept checking the Hasbro Scrabble website , even the website for the European rights owner for Scrabble . For Windows , yes , but no Scrabble for Mac OS X. Finally I see this group package , although according to the MacSoft website this does n't even exist . Took a chance . It has Risk also , a great game , and Monopoly ! It crashes every time I try to load it . Nice work , Hasbro . Guess I 'll have to keep system 9 around another decade or so . And will keep using iConquer to play world domination in the meantime .
 I 'm running 10.4.5 on a speedy iMac G5 with 4 times the recommended RAM for this game and it does not function . As soon as I log in to play , it crashes and closes.Adding to my frustration , there is absolutely no helpful support on the MacSoft website.When time allows I 'll update my OS like the latest reviewer noted and perhaps that will be my ticket to making this game run -LRB- howerver , I 'm not holding my breath -RRB- until then I 'll stick with my lo-tech board game .
 Tried running Scrabble on my new IMAC . Just crashes and freezes.No help from MacSoft . They advised that this version was adapted from the older PC version .
 The first game I played had the value of many letters deducted from my score . I had none of these letters . Yesterday I had a Bingo on my first play and the game froze . I had to force quit to get the game off the screen . Tech support is a joke .
 I bought this when I brought home my new iMac just to have a little fun with the new system . I have enjoyed Scrabble without problems but the game I really bought the set for , Monopoly , will not run on the new system . Big disappointment . Works okay on my husband 's older system but I never play it since it is not on my computer .
 i have a pretty decent PC and was bummed to find this game did n't run on windows 7 , even after downloading some patch to get it to play , it starts lagging unbelievable as soon as the credits pass . Even with about 10 minutes of lag play i could n't justify playing this game with its rather unbearable wan na be poser urban style . I forgot how tacky this game was from when i played it on Ps2.OH well , a waste of a few dollars .
 These games are terrible , save your money . Something I would have expected when computers were in their infancy . No strategy and pitiful graphics . Save your money .
 I bought this wireless sensor bar assuming it would do at least what is expected of it.But it is made so cheap that it only turns on when it feels like it -LRB- which is not very often -RRB- . The switches seems logical at first , but they just do n't seem to do what they should.I have used this for 2 hours of gameplay , then it switched off automatically , as expected . Never got it to turn on again . I have switched it off , back on , tried all combinations of settings , banged it against the wall and everything else I could think of short of black magic.This goes in the trash - hopefully GameStop has a better version .
 This is a piece of junk . Does not work at all . Do n't buy it . I guess wires behind Wii are not such bad thing after all.I wish I can rate it zero star .
 This item arrived as expected ; used batteries very fast . Had to purchase wired sensor bar
 This product only works with fresh batteries and it does n't last very long , a couple hours at the most . You have to keep getting up and hitting the power button and then it only stays on for about two minutes . It is not worth the money .
 I hate giving bad reviews but when you must , you must . This was given to me because my roommate 's rabbit ate through my wired sensor bar . Well , I was happy that I did not have to worry about wires . Good Grief . I cant play ANY games that require me to point the wiimote at the screen . it only works if all the curtains are closed and there is very little light . And after 2 hours it shuts off ? What the hell ? Waste of my roommate 's money , waste of plastic , waste of my batteries and a waste of MY money . I had to go out and buy a wired sensor bar . This product totally turned me off ALL wireless sensor bars . BAH !
 bought this thinking it would be easier to not have the wires everywhere , but it never picked up our remotes . Tried changing batteries , and still nothing . ended up throwing away and bringing back the original one .
 My daughter is 5 and a half . We just got this game and she is already stuck in a catch 22
 PROS : > Beautiful and imaginative trail-ride scenarios , easily the best part of the game . > Lovely introductory video clips to each sectionCONS : > One bug that I 've found
 This is a fun game but it gets repetitive and it is n't the most fun if you 're older . There are a lot of ways that you can design your own horse , but it seems difficult to earn coins and progress in the game . I may just not be getting it , lol .
 Now I did n't buy mine through Amazon . I went the eBay route . As soon as I got it , I plugged it in , inserted a game and I got a black screen . Long story short , it did n't work , and I did n't get my money back . So if you buy these do n't buy them from eBay . Chances are , it wo n't work anyway .
 the mall building is easy but making the mall profitable is something i cant figure out
 Just a warning that they ran out of money in producing this , so did n't really finish , just took sketches and storyboards and pasted them together for the ending . So , you 'll get a vivid , engrossing story for about 2/3 of the way , and then a kind of narrative over what they had hoped to achieve if they had had resources to finish . So , beware of what Still Life II will encompass . Be sure and read reviews before investing in next game !!!
 First of all , I had problems installing this on a computer using windows 7 . Luckily I was able to find a way to make it work thanks to this site
 I love it even though I 've usually played action games , and really do n't like puzzles -LRB- lots of em - but you can use a walkthrough on tough ones , copy the `` solution '' , no sweat -RRB- . Now Still Life is one of my top favs , with HL2 and Doom3 , because of the game art -LRB- not the in-game `` art '' , that 's pretty lame , which fits with the story -RRB- - this game is absolutely gorgeous , not what we see often in games ! The cinematic ambience is laid back and comfy , and the scenes are worth playing just to see them.I got this after trying CSI Dark Motives -LRB- and getting my money back * whew * -RRB- which just reminded me how much I do n't like Ubisoft - so I 'm totally disgusted that they bought Microids . The characters and pacing are excellent too , mostly I just found it too short . The main flaw in my view , which was n't enough to distract , was the ghastly way the Canadian actors did American dialects -LRB- if the non-white characters had a bigger role , then it would have been distracting -RRB- . You do n't have to be a mystery fan to love this ride .
 This game was extremely disappointing for me.The profanity is unnecessary and trite-a forced use of the F-bomb that fits neither the dialogue nor the atmosphere.The lack of an ending : this game ended so fast I think I have whiplash.I 'm pretty sure it ended because I saw the credits roll.Only the ending from a S.King movie can abuse a person this bad.The game play is linear but the story line did n't make up for it.I think the only puzzle I enjoyed was the lockpicking . It starts easy , so you can understand it , and then became a bit harder in the end -LRB- so you can think -RRB- . The rest were either stupidly easy or impossible -LRB- the cookies !! -RRB- . I think if this game ended , I could recommend it , but I feel like I just got ripped off.I would n't bother unless you are a die-hard adventure fan and need a fix .
 i liked the demo for this game and was hoping for fun . everything was fine until the point i could n't get into the morgue because my key card did n't work . after trying everything i could think of , i had to consult a walkthrough . what annoys me is that there was no hint before in the game that i would have to use this method to solve anything , or indeed that i COULD even use that particular method . i 'm so annoyed by this , it has tainted my whole view of the game . i see nothing like this in the indigo prophecy . while that game has its own problems that i covered in my review of it , it did a better job at the type of things in this game . what is it with adventure game makers today ? they just ca n't seem to get it right . people complain about adventure games dying , yet no good ones are ever made . . i like the main character , it has good graphics , and the story seems good enough , but it does n't make up for the boring gameplay
 This is the first review I have written but this was so poorly written that I wanted to review it . The mentality of the script if that of a rebellious teen who just discovered foul language . The plot is incredibly boring and the exaggerated characters are annoying . I ca n't tell you how it ends because my disc froze up and will not continue . I purchased this on Amazon and received a used or pirated copy or the game which was not what I had ordered . I was to get a new game . Overall , Amazon has really blown it with this one .
 Even at 6 bucks at Odd Lot was a rip off ! Incredibly stupid and vulgar dialog with no point other than to be gross , cryptic clues so far from reality that only an online walkthrough could help , boring and stupid flow . I have rarely played a game as bad as this ! Quarter of the way through I just had to uninstall it , glue the box back together and ship it back to those morons at the Adventure Company ! Another company to ignore in the future . Beware , you will be disappointed !
 Still Life has a StarForce copy protection scheme which completely spoiled the experience for me . It installs in a separate folder from the game , and caused havoc with my very ordinary system . Five different programs -LRB- games and demos -RRB- would not run and load . Realizing what the cause might be , I quickly played through the game using a walkthrough , found it to be a `` B '' level title , and uninstalled it . StarForce needs a separate unistallation or it stays on your system and continues to cause problems.The game is simply not worth that kind of hassle !
 I give this game a 5 for creepiness , but a 2 for overall game play experience . It 's great to play in a dark room with a few candles lit , while drinking a cup of coffee -LRB- for atmosphere and stuff -RRB- . I 've been playing adventure games for quite awhile -LRB- way back when Sierra was making them -RRB- so I 've developed a set of standards on what I think makes a good game.Still Life is your typical Mystery Thriller , 3rd Person , Point & Click , with Puzzles thrown in . These are my favorite types of games.The Graphics/Ambience are very good and detailed . This is n't one you want to let the kids play though . The game shows hacked-up , nude dead bodies and there are also a few F words thrown in -LRB- for that gritty cop feel -RRB- . About the puzzles
 I concur with Derek . There 's really nothing standout about this game . You 've seen almost all of the puzzles before , some of which are particularly irrelevant to the plot . The voice acting is pretty good and the dialogue is just so-so ... and both are downright poor with respect to the parts of the game that take place in 1920 's Prague . -LRB- Neither the characters ' vocabulary or dialect suggest they 're from anywhere but present-day America . -RRB- And the story of hunting down a serial killer has been done to death . But the graphics are beautiful , especially the in-game paintings -LRB- which are central to the game -RRB- , and the decked-out killer himself.If you want an innovative adventure game that broadens your horizons , check out The Indigo Prophecy -LRB- aka Fahrenheit -RRB- -- which actually is another serial killer story , but much more interesting in every way -- or , even better , get Grim Fandango .
 Warning
 It 's hard to review something we can not use ... this was sent from Amazon without the memory card and it can not be played ... unfortunately , my husband shredded the receipts and i can not send it back ... a big waste of money !
 these nancy drew games do not work with XP operating system98 & ME are fine
 which no where in game discription says.I bought this from GeekWholesaler -LRB- one of the seller you will see when you check out -RRB- . You will only find this information when you actually open your package.For those of you who bought ROC here and TFT in other place for the U.S version you will have a problem installing TFT saying `` Please install Warcraft III before installing The Frozen Throne '' despite you 've already installed ROC -LRB- european version -RRB- . For those of you who have this problem there is a way to solve the problem to use both the U.S versio and Euro version interchangeably .1 . Install war3 : ROC first -LRB- european version -RRB- 2 . Create two files
 This is another one that is crippled on XP . If you can get it to play , you will probably play it for about 5 minutes , and then go back to doing whatever you were doing before . You can throw out the disk and keep the jewel case for something else .
 DO NOT WAIST ONE PENNY ON THIS . THERE IS ONLY 3 FEET OF WIRE FROM THE SPEACKERS TO THE BASS -LRB- INTECS VERSION OF SURROUND SOUND I GUESS -RRB- . USE YOUR MONEY ON A WELL KNOWN BRAIND !
 this is n't all you think it is . you can hardlly feel any bass , and theres not enough speakers . plus , it takes up to much room . and you cant lay it down horizontilly , it has to stand verticly . I would n't buy it -LRB- i did buy it , but I took it back -RRB-
 - Subwoofer and 4 speakers provide for horrible gaming sounds and explodes on contact-Simulates bad home theater experience while watching DVDs or CDs with very bad sound-Designed and styled for the PlayStation2 console-Space-losing vertical design1-Thats why I lost my ears
 I do n't have this yet but I have been saving up for it for 2 months , so far I have 6 bucks . In no time I should have it and be enjoying it with you guys !
 I do n't have this yet , but I 've been saving up for 2 months for this , and so far i got 6 bucks , pretty soon in a year or two , I 'll have one , and I 'll get to enjoy it jus like you guys are
 When my friend told me he had gotten some amazing speakers for his entertainment center , I was expecting the world . This tragic little system , however , is so underpowered I had no choice but to be disappointed . Even for digital speakers , these lack in power . The bass is disappointing at best , the mids are too strong and the highs tinny . For this amount of money , you SHOULD be getting one of the following : Cambridge SoundWorks FourPointSurround FPS2000 - this system is amazing , and the same price as this one.Altec Lansing 621 2.1 Surround System - another good system for the same price as this one.You need a couple audio crosses from Radio Shack for almost no money in order to connect either system , but the hassle is well worth it for quality sound . Otherwise , just go buy some Sony MDR v700s and never look at speakers again .
 Sweet Jesus this was horrible . It creates way to much heat and is over priced ! If you really want a good sound system get one from Kinyo , they have a great 5.1 game zone system for cheaper . This system dosent have any mid-kick in the so called `` Sub Woofer '' and the speakers may look nice but are just ... plastic . Not to mention the speakers having no crisp sound . The wires arent long enough but it IS easy to put together and that is the only credit I will give them . Not worth the money!This is for people who like style and hate quality and sound .
 Ignore the previous messages from kids writing the glowing reviews . This system is exactly what you should expect for such a low price . Everything about this system screams -LSB- poor -RSB- . -LSB- Poor -RSB- plastic , tinny speakers , virtually no bass out of the sub . Keep the volume low or else you 'll go nuts playing the action games . My tv has no audio inputs and I wanted to see if the sound would be better with this system . It 's not . It 's pretty much what I expected , but it does n't even look nearly as sleek as the pictures show . Pretty much a waste of my money .
 I just have to say ... WOW ! Not in a good way , oh no . Alike others on this site I ca n't say ENOUGH bad things about this system . If you 're looking for a no name brand distorted piece of crap ... then today 's your lucky day my friend . I just got ta say ... If you want surround sound , get SURROUND SOUND ! Bose , Klipsh , or something along the line is great . This piece of crap sounds like a handheld radio that you get in a cereal box ... and that 's sugarcoating it . And anyways . . the last time I checked ... you ca n't surround a room with only 3 speakers ... much less crappy ones with plastic less sturdy than a disco ball ... Horrible
 I wish I had read reviews of this before shelling out the money ! I ca n't say enough bad things . They are terrible in every way imaginable !
 The concept of the 3D surround sound is awsome the product itself is really good and has alot of power . However the magnets in the subwoofer -LRB- located right next to your PS2 unit -RRB- screw with the internal mechanics of the game system itself resulting in possible loss of contrast in the video , I do not recommmend this specific product .
 Hey , I got my problem solved . This is a great product . It did n't take long to get here and it 's really handy and helpful when I do homework for Accounting . I love it !!!
 We have a Mac Book Pro - this item did n't sync with our computer ... we tried several trouble shooting ideas , but it never worked . Also , fairly cheaply made , flimsy plastic .
 This looked cheep and felt cheep when it arrived . I still put a battery in and gave it a try . The number keys worked fine , but the backspace key hardly ever worked . I returned it because , as much as I hate to admit it , I do make errors and need that key : -RRB-
 I would actually recommend against this item . The range on the keypad either sucks or the item itself is faulty . I can have the keypad in my lap and my laptop less than a foot away and the keypad will skip numbers when I 'm trying to calculate or type in a string of numbers . It also seems to independantly turn off the number lock key . Save your money .
 For the price , this keypad is barely adequate for a MacBook.I purchased this keypad to use with Sibelius 7 , and it 's been barely serviceable for the purpose . One of the issues may be Mac-specific - I 'm not sure - but the other is related to the hardware . My experience so far :1 -RRB- Some of the keys register properly , others do n't . 0-9 work fine , but BkSp - + and Enter do n't register at all , and / * register one key to the left . This means I do n't have hotkeys for some of the important keypad functions in Sibelius at all , which sort of defeats the purpose of having the hardware .2 -RRB- The plastic posts on 6 , 2 , and 3 keys have burs on them from manufacture that make them stick down from time to time . This did n't happen at first , but the more I use it , the more `` sticky '' they get . I 've popped them off and tried to trim off the burs , and it 's helped a bit , but I really should n't have to do that.I do like that it 's wireless and that the colour matches my MacBook , but that 's about it.Bottom line , I 'll be buying a new keypad shortly . *** NOTE
 The keypad is unreliable . It often registers only about 2/3 of the keys pressed , and at best still misses a key here and there . The included USB cable must be used to ensure proper performance , which of course defeats the purpose of buying a wireless device . The range varies each time I tried to use it , sometimes it would work a few feet away -LRB- the 3.3 ft. range claimed by Targus -RRB- , but often it had to be within 12 inches of the receiver to work . I actually purchased 2 of these Stow-N-Go keypads and had the exact same problems with both . I give it two stars , not one , because under the perfect conditions it worked all right and for that brief time it was nice to have a wireless device . I 'm returning these for a refund .
 I noticed patchy performance . I have a USB wireless logitech keyboard , that works perfectly . On the same desktop , this number keypad is almost non-functional . Will be returning it . The USB receiver is relatively thick/bulky - hence the adjacent USB port on the computer tower is lost due to the size of the Targus USB receiver.This was my first Targus purchase and its not impressive to say the least .
 The range on this piece of junk is almost precisely the same range as the length of the cable on their wired keypad . Under ideal conditions -LRB- with the extension cable to move it as far from my computer as possible , the average range was approximately 3 feet , 3 inches from the receiver according to my tape measure . Occasionally , it would go as far as five or six feet , but this was sporadic , and would frequently drop out . To regain a connection , you had to move within about two feet of the receiver.Save your money . You 're much better off with a wired keypad if this is your only option . At least those can be easily and reliably extended to about 16 feet with a cable . With this thing , you ca n't even do that usefully.I sure wish these manufacturers would stop trying to roll their own crappy wireless hardware . For all your R&D ; expenses , they will end up with something that has barely a tenth the typical range of Bluetooth . Just build Bluetooth hardware already and stop wasting time designing junk like this . And stop wasting customers ' time going to the store , buying junk like this , and returning it as defective as I 'm about to do with this one .
 I highly recommend against buying this item . The keypad skips numbers even with a fresh battery . It has brought me nothing but aggravation every time I attempt to use it !
 all the bad reviews are right , the controls are confusing and the game becomes frustrating because you keep falling off cliffs without knowing why . then you have to go back to the last checkpoint and do the same thing again and again just hoping for the best and not really playing anymore .
 I was psyched at first when I got this ... Then I played it past the third level and realized three things . One , it was all the same , two , the horribly quick and epileptic camera movements usually resulted in my death , and three , once I died , I lost all my rings and levels further angering me . Rent this game , do n't buy it . Also do n't expect anything thought provoking , listening to these characters speak and lead you hand and foot through the game is motivating enough to end your life slow and painfully .
 This was a great game to play its just ... you 'd think they 'd get the same vioce actors for tails and kunckles . Tails always sounds more childish , and kunckles always sounds ... . wierd . the best vioceovers for any of these characters has to be the First Sonic Adventure . Which is , sadly , only for gamecube and dreamcast . This Game does n't have the same quality of story line as the previous sonic adventures did . while the team thing was great , it was not great that Knuckles ability to climb walls was taken away . All we can do is hope seag realizes its mistakes . i hope the next sonic game is more like the first sonic adventure .
 This game is VERY annoying , and can get tiring easily . The thing I do n't like about it is that it only lets you play game stages , and you get bored easily . The annoying thing about it is that when you move in a special way , like flying , the person that is moving will make a very annoying sound . I would n't buy it .
 the gamer that put that he dislikes that they rate the game when it is not realesed yet is RIGHT !! I mean how could you rate this game when you never even seen or played the game !! Like he or she said , I go by the stars too ! That 's the number1 source that I use to tell whether a game is good or not ! I want to get this game but how would I know if it was good or not ! By you guys of corce . So c'mon rate the game after 10-15 minutes of playing time !
 When I first became addicted to dancing games , specifically Dance Dance Revolution , I went right out and purchased a game for the Playstation , along with a pair of Naki dance mats . And for the first few weeks , I really had a lot of fun playing.Then , I got better . And the pads got worse . As I moved up to harder and faster songs , the mats started sliding around significantly on the carpet . They stopped responding fast enough when I had to step on them quickly . I started to become annoyed with them very quickly , and have n't touched them in months , preferring to play on arcade machines.The mat is sufficient for a beginning player . But the problem is that no player will stay a beginner for long , and the mat does n't have the quality to be truly useful for more advanced players . There 's also a very significant engineering flaw with the mats - often , you 'll step on one of the arrows , and your foot will overlap one of the corner buttons . And when that happens , often no other button on the pad will respond until you 've stopped stepping on the multiple buttons at once . When you 're playing on a faster song , it becomes very easy for this to occur , and suddenly the controller is not registering steps that you 're making . This is not a flaw in the Playstation either - the standard controllers work fine in this situation , and higher quality dance mats do n't have that problem either . This is simply a huge engineering flaw in these pads.So I 'd recommend that you stay away from these mats , and find ones of higher quality if you plan on seriously playing dance games on your Playstation . They 'll cost more , but they 'll also last a lot longer .
 This is a warning for everyone ... DO NOT BUY THIS PAD UNTIL YOU READ MY REVIEW ! I will start off with the bad first . First off , the pad is LESS that 1 inch thick meaning that there is no padding to support your feet . After 30 minutes the MAX your feet will be sore . Second , the no padding means that this pad will rip very easily ... yep , after about a month of use the bottom got all ripped up and now it looks all ugly with ductape all over the bottom . Now here 's the worst thing with this pad - it slips . If you plan on playing on a hard wood surface then forget it ... the pad will slip to the other end of the room before you know it.Now for the good features ... well ... err . . is cost efficient , extremely cheap compared to the quality pads . You pay for what you get . Umm ... it looks nice ?? Well thats about all I can think of.If you an extreme DDR player , then this pad is definately not for you . If you play on basic or light , then you can consider this pad for your starting pad if you have absolutely no money to buy another pad . This is the cheapest and worst kind of pad there is ... it will last you for about a month the most . For players like me who play on heavy or even people that play on standard will see that this pad wont even last them through one game . All the slipping and no padding effects your score and your feet . ...
 I got a pair of these pads along with my copy of DDRMAX for the Playstation 2 . While I had a lot of fun with them in the first few weeks that I owned them , once you become more experienced with them you 'd do well to get a sturdier , albeit more expensive pad as soon as possible . Two major problems with these pads caused me to give up on them within 2 months of buying them and to seek a better pad elsewhere.Problem 1
 I seem to have had a different relationship with this pad . I bought this new along with a copy of DDRMAX . I have yet to encounter any slipping or ripping problems at all while it was in use -LRB- This might be due to the surface I use it on - a plastic carpet pad to protect the carpet underneath from getting ripped up due to office chairs or what-have-you -RRB- . Yes , the corners do fold up a little due to stretching , but it 's negligible , and overall the exterior makeup is fairly sturdy.The big pitfalls that I 've found to this pad are sticking , as mentioned before , and sensor misplacement . Within 3 days of using the pad the up arrow had already gotten to the point where any amount of pressure would light it up for at least 1 second , and the left arrow was heading that way , too . The up arrow 's sensor , also , had somehow managed in that amount of time to shift out of place - just standing on the upper half of the center circle would activate it , and consequently most of my attempts to hit the up arrow would miss completely . This made the pad completely undancable , and I 'm left feeling bitter and cynical towards the world.I would definately recommend spending your money on something more durable and less prone to inaccuracies such as this .
 I 've got two dance pads ; one from Mad Katz and this Naki pad . This one is more comfortable , since it 's got extra padding on the bottom , and it stays put on my wood floors no matter what I do with it . Unfortunately , it never makes the good grades , because it has a fatal flaw
 I bought this pad as a spare because I was having a group of people over for a party . I brought it out since I did n't want everyone to ruin my better pads and sure enough this thing broke after about 6 hours of playing on it . It is thin and pretty flimsy and my friends who own it have said the same thing . Stick with redoctane and you 'll never be sorry you spent the extra money .
 I bought two of these when I first purchased DDR , almost 2 years ago . They were cheap , and I guess I got what I paid for . However , it is n't nice when you 're playing DDR , step on the Up arrow on the pad , and find out that the pad did n't recognize the step because the electronics behind it had shifted a bit in the pad.The pieces in the pad slide around too much , making efficiency and dependability very low.There are better pads out there - ones with non-slip pads on the bottom and ones with special coverings . I 'd recommend those over these pads any day.I 'd definitely steer clear of these pads , no matter what dance level you play at .
 it may look good in the picture on the website , but it doesnt actually look quite like that . Mine wouldnt stop crumbling up when i got it , and it was never straight . o. 0 ' It kept scooting a little to the left , and i barely moved anything . > . < To add to that , the start button was stuck . Maybe its the pad , or maybe they just send me a bad one , but i still have to return it . Since this is the best pad amazon.com has , im just going to have to order the ignition pad -LRB- a more expensive pad , but worth the money -RRB- from elsewhere.okie , thanks you for reading this ! * wavewave * = ^ - ^ =
 This pad is terrible ! 2 days after i bought this the cord broke so there was no connection !
 The pad slides when you start doing the Standard levels and need to move your feet faster.These buttons seem to loose their sensitivity after awhile . grr.My boyfriend has big feet -- and he 's always pressing multiple buttons at once on accident ...
 My friend bought DDR about six months before I did and I could only play it when I went to his house . He had this pad . This pad was great when I was playing `` beginner mode '' because even if the pad did slip there was enough time between arrows to get off the mat and adjust it again . However , when I started playing light and standard mode it was a whole different story . The pad often slipped and I often stood on an arrow by mistake thinking that it was the middle of the mat . The back arrow of the mat stopped responding if you tried to press it . However , this pad is great for beginners . I would recommend a wireless `` Night Moves Pad '' if you are more advanced . This is avaliable at many stores . The price is $ 40 . I was amazed when I compared it to the pad my friend had . I guess good equiptment really is an important part of Dance Dance Revolution .
 lol . these things rip so easily . i dont understand why people waste money on soft pads . save your money for a cf pad . its pricy , but well worth it . 1 star is too much for soft pads piece of craps .
 This pad is good for about , oh , a couple of weeks . Pretty soon the buttons stop working and your steps just do n't register . It also slips A LOT and you 'll end up on the other side of the room from where you started . And one more thing , do n't even try Stardard on this ... you 'll make an E every time.If you want a really good pad , the metal ones are REALLY good . ... The 1 inch pads work really well ...
 I bought this pad about 3 months ago and it already has about 8 rips in it . This might be good for a beginner but it will not last . I had never played this game when I bought this and after using it for about 3 hours a week and it is totally destroyed . Right now the buttons do n't work most of the time . And when you are playing harder songs it tends to slip around a lot . If you want a pad that will last you longer you can get one for about $ 50 . Overall I was very disappointed in the quality of this beat pad . I suggest paying about $ 20 More and getting one that will last you a lot longer .
 My friend went on a vaction this summer and he came back with two of these pads and DDR Max for his PS2 . We played alot when he got back but one thing kept bugging me ! Im a little on the short side and i had trouble hitting the back arrow on these pads , plus these pads have an annoying way of sliding EVERYWHERE on good carpet ! if your starting out playing DDR i recomend Intec 's line of DDR dance mats , there smaller and they dont slide like these ones do .
 Mine stopped working after six months ! Very disappointing ! I always put it up after I use it and I never treated it poorly . It just wont work anymore . I contacted the seller and received no response !
 I got this mat for my daughter 's birthday . For the first few days , it worked great , she played it practically every day . After a while though , it stopped responding . Also , you can never tell where you are standing on it , and sometimes you end up pressing a different arrow . It works , but barely . I would only recommend this to someone who could not afford a better one or is using it only for a few weeks .
 I had the pad for a couple of months and it broke ! The down button continues to click on its own and it is messing the gameplay . Mine does n't look like the pad it shows above either .
 Games from the US dont work onBritish spec machines , it sucks . Why is this i would bye loads , butthay just dont work , stupid .
 Buyer beware . This PS2 game is a `` Blue Disk '' . This means that older PS2 systems -LRB- ours was purchased in early 2004 -RRB- will either have trouble playing the disk or will not play it at all and only give a `` disk read '' error .
 I ordered this in either good or acceptable condition -LRB- ca n't remember which -RRB- but it was n't . It does n't work at all . The other games I ordered play well , but this one does n't . Maybe too many scratches on it ?
 This game is ok . The party planning is hard to figure out for my daughter and for me , we have n't thrown a succesful party yet . The games outside of the prty planning are enjoyable . Would not buy this again .
 I was a HUGE fan of Tycoon 2 and bought # 3 a while ago , just never got to it and assume it is as good if not better , but there is no resolution to the lack of Windows 7 compatibility . I had to upgrade from XP so I lost the chance to play it , and if no patch supports windows 7 and you plan to go to 7 , then do not buy this as it states Windows 7 is not compatible and there are NO patches . I only could get 1.05 patch and 1.06 does not help .
 I tried to like it so I dont feel like I wasted my money but . It just to dull maybe the reson boys dont want to play game that are aimed at girls is because you make them so dull and boring . Girls love horses yes but put so excitement in the games girls like action and fun to . grow up not all girl stuff should be dull .
 It 's very durable , but by the time you start packing the case with additional controllers or the power brick , there is no room and it kind of defeats the purpose of purchasing the product .
 I bought this case for my son for Christmas . He used it once successfully -- it seemed like a great solve for safely carrying his expensive new toy . The second time he went to pack up his Wii , the case broke ! The hinges broke when he opened the case with a little too much speed . The weight of the lid was too much for the little molded plastic hinges . The design is such that here is no way to fix or replace them , and no way to use the case without the Wii falling out . We were both soooo disappointed . Next time I 'm going for the padded messenger-bag style .
 Decent . Fits quite a bit
 ... if you have more then two remotes and/or nunchuks . This simply does n't have a place to store more then two remotes and two nunchuks . Here is the breakdown in pros and cons.Pros : It does help control clutter by keeping remotes and nunchuks nicely organized.Has dedicated storage for SD and GameCube memory cards.Is made of high quality plastic/plastic polymer SIMILAR to the Wii , so it matches nicely.Cons : It does n't help control clutter if you have more then two remotes and/or two nunchuks -LRB- or any classic controllers -RRB- . I would prefer to have four areas to store remotes and get rid of the storage for SD and GameCube memory cards.Kinda unnecessary sense the Wii already comes with a vertical stand . So all you are really buying is a place to hold two remotes and two nunchuks ... so in my opinion , not really worth the money.It works , but I just do n't think it 's worth spending the $ 30 - $ 40 for something that only holds two remotes and nunchuks .
 I am kicking myself now for not reading the reviews , i got pulled in because my child is a HUGE fan of the Rainbow Fish . Sadly , this game is not for her , not only did they get the gender of Rainbow Fish wrong , but they obviously did n't bother to read the book that it is based on . I ca n't believe the horrendous translation from the French either . What ever you do , DO NOT purchase this game , it is not meant for small children , and it is n't really meant for anyone . Yes , the graphics are nice , but the game play is non-existant , and the story is pathetic . What were these people thinking ?
 This game is Horrible ! There is minimal educational value , if any . It is extremely slow , and my 2 five-year olds were bored with this game almost instantly . The tasks in the game were very unimaginative , and very little fun.The only good thing about this game is the graphics . they are pretty good , but , they should have spent more time making the game FUN ! ... I would not recommend this game to anyone .
 This title was only $ 10 so I did n't expect a great game . But I was hoping to at least get my money 's worth . Hard to say if it was worth even half of that.More than just your money , do n't waste your time on this . If you must have a racing game for your PSP , try to save more money for the much better titles like Ridge Racer or Burnout Legends .
 Purchased this product and shipped to a friend in Houston -LRB- I live outside of the US -RRB- . He never checked the package when it arrived at his house , so when I got to his place , it was the first time either of us were looking at it.Never got to really test the case , since it arrived in shambles . Did not have the time to contact the seller and get it replaced , since my flight out was in the morning , and I needed something to transport my PS3 ASAP . So I can not comment on the service of the seller , I just cut my losses and ended up buying a backpack case from Best Buy.What was surprising to me was exactly how flimsy the case it . The finish makes it look pretty sturdy , but in reality , it 's just an illusion . The panels appear to be just like compressed wooden chips , very flimsy , and unable to take any abuse at all . The partitions within the case are the same , and they are all secured with small nails and tiny slots where the carpeting is missing to allow sliding in.If you are looking for something that can simply fit and transport you system , then this may do the job . However , if you want a case that is sturdy enough to stand-alone , this is not the best bet . I did n't expect the case to be able to handle the demands of being checked luggage - that would be asking a lot - but I at least hoped that it would provide some security to the PS3 from small knocks when walking with same in hand - similar to a briefcase maybe.If I wanted something to transport the system that would require me to keep it close to my body and have to shield from ANY possible impact -LRB- such as simply bumping into someone walking -RRB- , then I would have gotten the backpack in the first place . Maybe it 's just my personal opinion , but this product did not live up to my expectations of what was advertised .
 I purchase my PS3 Console and accessories from Amazon.com so they would be here for Christmas . No Problems . Then , I saw the PS3 pro Gamer 's Case of which I purchase two on the 16th of December 2009 . They arrived today . And I am sad to say that after all of the many years I have purchased items from Amazon.com this is my biggest disappointment . My PS3 Console would not even fit in the case . This stinks . I was about to send the other one to my Godson as a birthday present , since he has a PS3 set-up also . Good thing I tested mine before sending the other . I am so disappointed that I am not going to attempt to send them back to Amazon . I am going to take the loss and have them both destroyed . The cases may be good for something , but not for the PS3 I just recently purchased . This stinks ! Amazon - Please keep these out of your inventory.James K. Bryant
 This product is very slick looking and does increase the stability of the PS3 when in the vertical position . It is powered by a USB port but has a pass through port on the stand , so you do n't lose any ports . I never did see my stand alternate between blue and red . It only illuminated in a blue color.The door to access the media slots on the 60GB system will not open when in the stand . It is really only good for the 20GB system .
 This vertical stand for the PS3 is not that great . The lights on either side can not be seen when looking at the PS3 head on . If you own a 60 or 80 gig model like I do -LRB- 60 -RRB- it prevents you from accessing the memory card slots under the front cover , with is horrible . A great idea that that falls short .
 the stand add stability to it but the LED lights do not work ... . Its sad considering they say in the product lifetime warranty U_U
 I ordered this stand after looking at all the positive reviews , however when I put my PS3 on the stand , I noticed that it did not hold the PS3 upright , the stand is too wide , the picture on the box shows the old gray 1st generation PS3 , not the black slim model they sell now . There is almost an inch wide gap between the edge of the PS3 and the edge of the stand , so unless I cut a piece of wood to fill the void , the PS3 can still tip over . It was n't that expensive and now I know why . Totally disapointed in it !
 this is just a rip off product got one as a present did n't need dont want it could not retun it to the store becouse a fam member gave it to me.it just uses your ports and dose n't do much for the ps3 just makes it look cheap have a nice day .
 only has two small blue lights on the front side . and it has extra power hole . its pretty lame and my on switch was funky . But i already ordered it so i have no choice . it still looks ok though . the only one i could find for the ps3 .
 if this wasnt the case i would give 3 stars only because it advertises that it changes red to blue -LRB- false -RRB- other than that if it had worked 100 percent out of package and had stated advertised that it was blue led stand not blue and red , then 4 stars would be in order . . but judging on how my item came w / two led 's out of order i would say the life span may be a tad short , which is why the item is 5-6 bucks . . but you get what you pay for and at that price if my unit worked as advertised and worked 100 percent then it would be a great buy at that price . .
 it is bad ok it doesnt fit right its way smaller than the bass of the ps3 and blocks the door from opening ... . seriously ? who makes something that bad its classafied by me as an epic failllllll
 My title says it all . It does n't even work half of the time .
 Before any fans jump to any conclusions let me say the series is fun but the Wii controls are so bad that they nearly make the game unplayable . For example , in the second level in co-op one player needs to paint an automated machine gun with the electronics blocker on your pistol . Easy right ? No because if you breathe the Wii remote will move off and the machine gun will fire and kill your partner.I like the Wii but after playing this game on it I would recommend renting games not specifically intended to be played on the Wii , otherwise the radical control format may seriously detract from an otherwise decent game .
 It 's been over 3 weeks that i ordered this and i still have n't received the game or a response from the seller . Really upsetting !
 This game is the worst splinter cell game you can buy !!!! DO NOT BUY !
 Man . The Wii is very good for some things , but it appears that at least this PFS is not very good . The Wii remote is very jerky and sensitive . This makes aiming difficult to impossible . The graphics are OK . The storyline , is ok . It another Clancy sneek around and hope you do n't get shot because you are going to die in very short order . I hope Call of Duty is better as I LOVE FPS games , but this one is lacking.The camera should not be allowed to go off screen , it should stop at the edge of the screen . Too many control issues to recommend . I will keep trying , but this game is n't so good that I will press on through the control problems just to get through it . I may have it up on eBay soon .
 do not buy this not worth it sure it saves space but when you use games it will scratch them so if you need more space you are better off just making it rather than buying it
 It did n't turned out what I expected . The seller showed thin ps2 stand , according to the seller 's information and the picture . so , i received thick ps2 stand , which i did n't want it . And , the seller would n't refund for the ps2 stand mistake . From now on , I 'd never want to order anything from the seller ever again .
 this has acient games on it . my son does not like it at all , but my husband ended up finding games he used to really like . oldie but goodie i guess .
 Good : Few fun games but they 're nearly the same game over again . There are 3 street fighters and 3 ghost and goblins.Bad : Control is horrid . I think this is more of the PSP 's fault than the game . The D pad is horrible when making moves that require alot of circular motion . Doing fireballs is near impossible . The analog pad is actually worse . The d pad allows quick movements from axis to axis , not the analog pad.There is no difficulty settings on the games . You 're stuck with the hard settings . The loading times are also riduculously long . When you change opponents , there 's about a 20 - 30 second loading wait.This game is not worth your money . Buy the other capcom collection , it 's a lot more fun . You can change difficulty settings , infinite continues and they 're actually more fun.Save your money and pass on this one .
 I 'm sorry but I really do not like this game . I got it hoping it would be even a little like its gamecube counterpart , but it was n't . It was extremley confusing and I still have no clue how to do the spell things , even now . I have gotten stuck at Aragog and have no freaking idea how to get past him . And what are those blue rock things ????? Everytime I got near one I 'd have to fight an elf or something , which lowered my energy so I could n't beat bosses . This game is so hard and so stupid I feel it 's a disgrace to the other Harry Potter games , which were all very good . If you have another system , get this game for it , but if not , consider something else . DO NOT BUY THIS !!!!!!
 This game was not exactly what I expected ! When I first opened it , and started to play it , it was not so good . It had bad graphics and it seemed impossible to beat a single level ! Do n't spend your money !
 I went into God Hand expecting just that ; a game about being delivered from the clutches of the devil by the Hand of God . What I got was something much more sinister . It seems the heretics in Japan land believe in some sort of punching Buddha , because that 's all this game offers ! But let me break it down to make things easier to understand : Sound
 I was very disappointed when I received this game . I know that the movie contained some violence , but not at all as much as the game contains . My son loved ` The Incredibles ' movie and wanted this game so bad . I bought it for him thinking it would be okay , but I was wrong . As of the next week after receiving it , I had taken it , and the first ` The Incredibles ' game , to a local store to trade in on some decent games -LRB- which , by the way , are very hard to find ! -RRB- . If you do not want your child to play fighting games , do not buy this game !!
 This game really needed to be designed a lot better . First off the graphics hardly seemed like they where micro machines , just more an aerial view of what could have been any kind of racing game.The cars themselves look pretty pathetic , and the tracks are hard to tell what is track and what is the floor , you have to do the track a couple of times to memorize it before you can complete it . Which is no fun for what should be easy enough for kids to plow through.It contains the typical races found in most MM games , the normal race , the annoying , beat your opponent to the top of the screen , then restart the race in which the computer will get an advantage , and whatever the other one is.Being that the DS is close enough to 64 bit , you would think the graphics in 3D would look better and you would have more ease and control , but the sloppy handling and confusing tracks are both quite boring and difficult to navigate . The SNES version wasnt even half of what the DS can do , but was more fun and graphically better.If your looking for a racing game for the kids , skip this one , and go for Hot Wheels
 I love to play . I love to kill things . I dont love this game . It is too simple and has very little replay value . I played it twice and threw it out . Boring Boring Boring . It might keep a 9 year old gamer interested a while but anyone who has been playing Return to Wolfenstien multiplayer and games like that will get very quickly bored of the mindlessness and simplicity of the game . Some of the monsters are pretty funny , I must admit . Like the headless screamers . But it just was n't worth my time . I guess this game is cool if your new to gaming and do n't want to spend a lot but there are lots of better games out there .
 I guite seriously found this game lacking GUTS . . it 's just too squeaky clean computer mindless . Where 's the BLOOD PULSE LIVELYNESS DIZZY EXHILITARE , RAZZLE DAZZLE ?
 Ok . This game is cute and at times fun , but at the same time disappointing . There are defects in it . Several times on the fourth level I get stuck in between this blank wall , which by the way is not intended to be a part of the game . When the bug is on the dragonfly , he gets hung on him and the wall and you have to restart the level and go back to the beginning of the trail . This has happened more than once . I think the part where the feet stomp is a little too excessive-almost too hard . And this game is for kids ? I 'm an adult and it is hard for me . The challenge can be fun , but the defects and glitches-a bummer . I want my money back ...
 I think that this game is lots of fun to play-on a Mac . I bought this game for the PC and only played it once . The graphics are sloppy and the gameplay is slow . I would recommend it for those with an I-Mac , but not for a PC .
 Tech support my -LSB- foot -RSB- ! Reading through all the other reviews here ... just reinforces my opinion , developed through my own experience with these morons . A woman answered and seemed less than thrilled to discuss Bugdom problems . It was also clear she understood computer systems less than myself . She basically wasted my time and my money -LRB- not an 800 support line -RRB- talking to other people in her office about other topics -LRB- she did n't completely cover the mouth piece while blowing me off -RRB- . It appears that a completely different company developed the PC version than did the MAC version . There is no real support from any of them.I upgraded all the drivers that others have recommended . Unfortunately I happen to be one of those poor saps that purchased a 3DFX VooDoo 3D 3500 . Now that they -LRB- 3DFX -RRB- have bitten the dust there are no more driver updates through them -LRB- I 'm sure the folks at ODI will be standing in the same unemployment line soon -RRB- . Although there seem to be some 3rd party updates good luck trying to decipher the tech nerd jargon used to explain installing -LRB- when that even exists -RRB- . This one is going back . I would n't recommend this unless you are a very capable systems trouble-shooter .
 what were they thinking , not another corky standard MAC game , Well atleast I have n't seen cro mag rally on the PC . Well lets start with the first level basically all you do in this is get run over by slugs -LRB- who you can see through when your get run over -RRB- and then punch some ants and then you get lost , the level has so little bad guys that once your done beating them up you wo n't have anything else to do because the level is so confusing.and when you have to use a cheat to beat the first level there 's something wrong . The installation takes fifteen hours and you to go into the heart of your computer for it to work right . I would avoid this at all costs . THE END !!!
 After trying to install this game on 4 different PC 's , downloading directx from Microsoft.com , opengl from opengl.com and numerous email correspondences to the developer of the software , I still ca n't get the game to play . It was a total waste of -LSB- $ -RSB- and my 8 yr . old son -LRB- who plays this game at school on a MAC -RRB- is totally dissappointed . Support at the developer threw in the towel and could n't assist . Be careful with this one , it 's the first game I 've ever had this issue with .
 this is the dumbest game in the world . do n't buy it !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This game is horibble . Speacially for Windows . Do n't play it .
 My 7 year old has been playing Bugdom at school on iMacs and loves it , so we bought the Windows version.My computer is 6 months old , AMD Athlon 700MHz with a 32 MB AGP Video Card yet Bugdom crashes continually . When we do get a screen , the icons are upside and the mouse fades in and out . Tried to contact Tech Service -LRB- only get an email address -RRB- but no reply yet . As a computer professional , I am disgusted by the amateur approach taken by this vendor.Never gave a thought that I might have problems with this program . Now I have a miserable son asking me every morning if I have fixed Bugdom.Do yourself a favor , do not touch this program unless you are positive that your computer can run it .
 My 6 year old son learned about Bugdom in kindergarten , on their Mac computers . He loves the game , and pleaded with me to buy it . I bought the Windows version for our family computer , only to find out after much aggravation , phone calls and wasted time , that Bugdom does n't work on Windows XP Home Edition . It has something to do with the Windows 2000 drivers that are in the Windows XP Home Edition . I 'll have to return the game . Do n't assume , as I did , that if Bugdom Windows version works with Windows 95/98 , it 'll work with XP . While my son whould rate this game a 5 , I have to rate it a 1 since I could never get it installed . Maybe it 's time schools started using pcs instead of Macs , since those are what most homes and offices use .
 After great expectations the software arrived and the files areincomplete - Errors abound as we try to load - No help file - no oneanswers the help line after 5PM on Weekdays and nothing onweekends . My son who loves this game is crushed ... . A real bummer .
 I would not advise anyone with a Mac to buy this game ! The game itself is excellent , unfortunately someone was more interested in rushing it to the Mac market than actually testing it to see if the conversion worked.It does n't . It repeatedly crashes my system to the point of being unplayable , even with most of the visual detail removed , playing on the slowest settings , and my dedicating most of my RAM to the game . If I ca n't play this game on a G4 with 512 RAM and a top of the line video card , I 'm guessing no one else can either .
 I thought the game was really fun . I played it on a friends computer , then went out and bought it . What I found out after I bought it was that it has trouble loading and it sometimes crashes my super fast and super capable mac . After I looked online for plug-ins to correct this , I found out a lot of people have this problem , and the developer 's site is now non-existent . I dont know how the mucho fun version compares . I just wanted to warn purchasers of the original version
 I hoped to have as much fun with this product as my friends who play it on Windows . Instead I was had , bigt time . It is soooo slow I can prepare dinner while it loads . Forget about enjoying the game , instead you will snooze after each click . When I checked the programer 's website their solution was to run it on OS 9 . You 'd think that if they sell a product for OS X they would make sure it runs properly on that platform . It was a waste of my time and money .
 I 've played Tropico on the PC , and it 's a great game . The MacSoft version , however , is really unstable , crashes constantly , and offers a minimum of support for these problems . I run OS X , and at first I could n't even run the game , which the folks at MacSoft say just happens and I should run the OS 8 or 9 version , which is slow , stops randomly , and crashes as well . The patch provided by MacSoft makes the OS X game load , but still crash at the first opportunity . The folks at MacSoft took a fun game , and made it difficult and unpleasant to play . Either play the game on a PC , try something else -LRB- like Civilization 3 -RRB- or wait a few months in the hope that the folks at MacSoft might offer better patches or support .
 I 'm so mad . should have written it in the description . I do not know what version of mac i need for it now .
 If you got through the entire game of Myst without checking a cheat book or site , then you might like the challenge of Rune too . I found the game to be more of a frustrating mystery than a challenging adventure game . You do n't actually get to incorporate any strategy skills until you go through a number of `` how in the heck do I get out of here ? '' puzzles . It 's definitely NOT what I expected . My husband and I both got so frustrated with it that we stopped playing . My advice for those who want a real adventure/strategy game ? Better try Age of Empires or StarCraft instead .
 I was looking for a violent action game with vikings and etc ; RUNE IS NOT THAT GAME.Rune is an adventure game where you walk around these poorly lit virtual log cabins while wax figurines mumble gibberish at you .
 1 . Dislike the huge kiss picture on table view , serves no purpose . 2 . Table view can not be ajusted for different angles . The angles you offer are hard to read , the moving angle table shot focuses on the ball and not the whole screen , which gets pretty frustrating ! 3 . The interaction screen is to small and placed off in the corner-wrong placement .
 Is this game a great game ? Draw your own conclusions : If you enjoy a game in which the slightest movement of your mouse will cause the game board to immediately scroll to the nearest side , and does this repeatedly each turn ... then RSG is a great game!If you enjoy a game in which you must repeatedly move hex by hex , lest the AI move your unit in a direction other than you wish , often bringing your unit into a hex where enemy op fire can hit it ... and does this repeatedly if you click on a target hex , then RSG is a great game!If you enjoy a game in which the available hex mode shows that your unit is able to move to a target hex , and you take the AI 's word for it , resulting in often falling two to three hexes short , frequently exposing units to enemy fire , then RSG is a great game!If you enjoy a game in which a fully detailed manual is NOT included -LRB- and 30 % of RSG contains entirely new data ! -RRB- , then RSG is a great game!Unfortunately all of TSG games share more , most or all of the above short-falls . I rate RSG as deserving only 2 stars .
 i got this game because i am a pre-med student very interested in emergency care . unfortunately , this game did not live up to my expectations . instead of learning how to use certain tools , you are just expected to know what to do . if you use the beginner mode , it tells you exactly what to do , but it doesnt tell you why . this game needs a tutorial to teach what the tools in the tray are -LRB- how are you supposed to automatically know that clicking the magnifying glass means visually examining the patient ? -RRB- and how to use them . also , points were taken off for stupid things , like asking questions -LRB- which is never a bad thing in real life -RRB- and doing the correct steps in what was supposed to be the wrong order . the paperwork section confused me as well . this could be a very good game if a few features were added , but overall it did not live up to expectations .
 Be warned!I expected something more like a Alone in The Dark type of game . With the awful controls and dumb commentaries when you blast Zombies apart.I should of known , guess I 'll just wait for Alone in the Dark
 This game is the biggest waste of time and hard drive space EVER . I 'm not kidding . Skip this game , you will be sorry if you do n't .
 If you are smart you will stay away from this game . I bought it used and I still wasted my money . The story might be good but the controls are awful and even on a pentium 4 it is so slow I had to stay in run mode .
 If you are smart you will shy away from this game . I bought it used and I still wasted my money . The story might be great but the controls are awful and even running on a Pentium 4 it is so slow I had to stay in run mode .
 I really tried to like this game . I downloaded the demo and played the demo for a week , I was really into the demo . So I finally played the whole game , I got to the second to last level and called it quits . The game is just loaded with far to many flaws . First of all it is n't very supported with Windows Millenium . Supposedly alot of the flaws only surface on that os and not windows 98 . The sound cuts off alot , the game runs very sluggish here and there , this is due to the fact that a full install option is not implemented . Games just ca n't run well off of a cd sometimes.The story lacks , the concept works well . The graphics are moderate and the characters are cool . The weapons are even fun . The loading times are insane , they are n't horribly long but they take longer then they should . The idea of a character named Dave turning into a demon woman named Deva is a cute idea . It could have been implemented in a better game though . The music is aggravating and it is n't spooky at all , you 'd think the game was trying to be spooky , guess not.The zombie grandma with the grocery cart and the uzi is funny thoIn short , if you like zombie shoot em ups with a twist and you are running Windows 98 , this may be your cup of tea . If you are a Resident Evil fanatic and/or your running Windows ME , avoid this game . The only similarities this game has with Resident evil is there are zombies and the third person perspective . This is not a survival horror game.The ME problem has been known since January and there is n't a patch , and since this game is now at a budget price I doubt there ever will be one
 i must tell u when i bought this game in hongkong i was very excited about the theme and what i got was a game that really had not much of a scare or the spooks , the game has a good theme as u play as dave `` an investigator '' who plays for the show `` THE DEIL INSIDE '' , his mission is to enter the shadow gate manor with a cameraman who captures his every move live.i feel this game is in no way scary cause u are never really alone , u have ur cameraman with u and audience who are seeing ur every move.the graphics are good but the atmosphere of a horror game is just not there.the controls too are average.the game does have a few moments to make u feel alone but then again are u.
 I do n't recommend purchasing this product . It 's not good for anything except charging from a USB port . I constantly get transfer errors when using this cable , when I switched to a real USB cable all those errors went away . For any technical people out there , this cable is not built to the actual USB spec which requires twisted pairs of wires to prevent errors . If you look at the cable it 's actually flat .
 this isnt good and im right cause i said SOOOOOOOOOO
 This is a review of the Playstation version of this game , I do n't know for sure but I belive there are numurous differences from the origanl PC version , also please bear in mind this is a 2011 review of a 2000ish game I 'm trying not to be undully unfair to the product.The first of thus far two attempts at making a Hellboy video game . Hellboy is one of the few titles nowadays that it makes perfect sense to make into a video game , The timeless quality and infinate setting mixed with monsters and enemies literaly limited only by the extent of the creators imagination , that atop of unapologtic nonstop action ? Perfect recipe for a video game . So why did Asylum Seeker fail ? Some background info ... -LRB- All of this info is too the best of my knowledge accurate -RRB- Hellboy Asylum Seeker -LRB- HAS -RRB- also known as Hellboy Dogs of the Night , was origanly releasded in it 's PC version , then the companies that made it were bought out and Dreamcatcher then relased a slightly scaled down Playstation -LRB- PS -RRB- version , Since I 've never played the PC version I 'm peiceing together the differences but in one case it seems an entire boss fight is left out of the PS version -LRB- The Inqusiter in Chapter 3 for those curious -RRB- , as well as the Staff weapon at the end of the game , other difference seem to be small and non important such as graphical quality and being forced to fight enamies or not . The devolpment time seems to have have been around 4 or 6 years , the gameplay style is similer to the original Resident Evil , Silent Hill , and Tomb Raider games . When this game was released the PS2 was taking it 's place as one of the emperors of video games and the previously named games had been antiquated for about 4 years . This fact alone would be nearly impossible for any game to overcome , at best it could have been a sweet reminder of classic gaming , but unfortunatly HAS would be plagued by more faults.CONSThe gameplay sucks !!!! - Hellboy usually runs around punching things , witch would have been great if fighting meant more then holding down the square button and pushing left or right so that Hellboy is facing the correct way . Fighting is clumsy and awkward as well as drawn out , the enemies slip and slide all around Hellboy and take several mins of HB standing there doing his left , left , right combo to finish off . The puzzles are an unforunte failure as well , even ignoring the lack of logic of certin items being in silly places like a gun laying in the middle of a walkway in a church , and the ammo being hidden in a cabint in the same church and the cabniet only being able to be opened because HB magicly knows the correct tune to play on the organ . The game shamelessly steals from the classic adventure games that I knew and loved as a kid and this is fine , it 's just that type of game ... still a gun just waiting for HB in a church for no reason whatsoever ? This is n't the reason the puzzles fail however , they are either so stupidly simple that they solve themselves or are non sensicly complex , in part because the grapics and poor interaction of the game do n't allow you to be able to know or tell what you should do , as well as some things following there own bizzare logic that probably made some kind of sense to the designers before they made the game but lost any logic in the execution as a result you the player are forced to try random pattrens till dumb luck finally wins the day.Bad Guys - The first time I met an enemy I thought you could ` nt kill them . That you had to run away , no it just takes 30 or so punches for them to go down . There is also an annoying lack of bad guys as well , there are only about 5 enemies in a chapter of the game the rest of the level is just wondering around empty rooms . There is no explanation to the bad guys either , one of the cool things of the HB comics is that they explain the story behind some of the mythical creatures encountered , but in HAS monsters just appear with no explination of what they are or why they are there . The primary enemies that your fighting to prevent there release of in the game are the Nohox Kanis -LRB- or Dogs of the Night -RRB- . I ca n't tell you if you ever face off against any of them as theres only one monster that you face a couple times and see once in the opening that vaguly resembles a lizard like dog . In fact I think that the Nohox Kanis are only mentioned in the opening of the game , and then are no longer acknowledged . Boss battles are not particulery challenging nor intreasting and often times once more defy logic , to there credit the do TRY to be fun and creative , but the just do n't make it.Motivation & Characters - I was actually really intreasted in learning about and having an adventure with Sara , she seemed to have a good thing going , a trusted ally of Hellboy , she looked the part , had a blank but therefore open backstory to delve into , and was seeminly a tough chick in a mans world in 1962 . Well that did ` nt last long , immidatly the tired and old `` Hero checks out a door and it locks behind him seperating him from the chick who 's then kidnapped and will not be seen again till the end of the story '' card is played . Sara is further degraded by the fact that the dead friend that she and HB came to save -LRB- Peter -RRB- is infinatly more helpful to HB then Sara ever is . The primary villin and source of trouble , Kalin the twin brother of the good Mitri , is given the completely original motivation of being evil simply for the sake of being the evil twin brother and well ... thats it . It 's never explined how he will release the Nohax Kanis or why , beyond thats what bad dudes do . During the 3rd level HB is sent back in time 666 years -LRB- yea a subtle reference to a certin fallen Archangel -RRB- for an amulet , it 's unclear of how he find 's it but is seen bringing it back to the present , -LRB- an embressing repersantation of time travel quite honestly I would haver perfered him to simply have dissappeared and reappered then the silly swirling scene and music -RRB- even though he seems to lose it on the way back and has to find it in the present where it always was anyways ... Do n't ask me what the point of all this was.Graphics - There crumby ... but thats to be expected the PS was on it 's death bed and the PS2 had just taken the throne as `` the '' system to have when this game was released , so this is forgivable . But the graphics are still pretty poor even considering.Voice Acting - Bare in mind this game was released before and re-released around the time of Ron Perlmen 's first outting as Hellboy so you ca n't compare this with Ron 's wonderful performance ... having said that ... the original Resident Evil had a steller cast compared to this game , anyone who knows what I 'm talking about will understand just how bad that is . I 'm guessing that they more or less blindly hired voice actors put a mike in front of there face without much if any explination of who they were trying to potray or any backstory of the project and just settled for what they got.Loading - Now I 'm not one of those lil prissy snob 's that say oh my god there was 20 seconds of loading time that felt like an hour !!! Loading time is not a big hang up with me usually , however in this game everytime you open a door , it 's about a 10 sec loading time , This gets super annoying when your in a room with several smaller rooms connected to you or when you have to retrace your steps and go back the way you came . You end up spending about as much time clearing the room as you do waiting for the next area to load . This would have been much better if they had thought up of some loading animation like the doors in Resident Evil . On a similer note saving also takes forever and there could have been a few more save points in the game.Glitches - WOW this is probably the most bug filled video game I 've ever played , sometimes the game would refuse to read saved files even or refused to load a game when I tried to save it do n't ask why it was trying to one when it was suppose to do the other , theres at least one room in every level that makes the game freeze up when walking through it , and even simple things like reading the Tombstones in the opening level will reveal some strange things , you 'll always see the names and dates of there birth and death but very occasionly there will be some silly or strange extra text . It almost never happens and definatly dosent add anything but is unknown why it dosent normaly show up and seems like it wasent meant too . * WARNING * Slight spoilerThe Ending - The biggest `` THAT WAS IT ??!!! '' moment I 've had in a loooong time . To say it leaves unresolved issues is an understatement ... and it 's odd that HB and Sara should take a min to be standing over Peters corpse and explain how grateful they are too him and how much they regret his passing and then walk away saying that they should send someone for his body when we get back . What the hell ?!! Hellboy carries deasiesed , rotting , and cursed corpses on his back all the time , one of his most populer stories `` The Corpse '' is about this very thing but the close friend that helped get his butt out of the sling and died for it ? Nope I 'm leaving him to the flys and zombies!PROSStory and Setting - OK first off the story really should be in the cons section as the actual details of the story are full of bad clitches , poor motivation , non exsistant logic , and lack of reasoning/explination . However the basic overview of the story and setting -LRB- witch I belive were laid out by Mike Mignola the man behind Hellboy -RRB- are classic and wonderful , a spooky mental asylum in 1962 Czechoslovakia , with a dark threat of a hellish invasion looming and a missing agent who needs rescue ? Yup that sounds like something stright out of the comic books . Hellboy and his partner -LRB- I already stated that Sara at first seemed like a really intreasting charecter -RRB- wonder in alone and unsure what expect . It really is a shame that with such a spooky opening starts collapsing the moment HB opens his mouth.The lil nods to Hellboy - In the libery in the Asylum there is a comic section where Hellboy wonders what `` The Right Hand of Doom '' could be ... the boss of the 2nd Chapter is a frog monster from the comics witch is nice even if the actual fight is n't that intreasting nor is there any acknowledgment of why it 's there . That and his tail is realitivly well animated and funny/cute to watch sometimes , kudo 's also for getting his hoved feet right something they ignore in the movies.Music - It 's not great but it does the job ... it 's sets the mood and creates a creepy unerving atmosphere , but it does get abit repetitive and annoying at times , it 's far from steller ... but it 's compantent and even good sometimes.In the end I ca n't recommend this to any gamer , period . Hellboy fans ... hmmm maybe if your a total completionist but even then I 'd pass to be honest . It seems that the people behind the game just did ` nt have enough money or experience and perhaps even the right ideas behind the game for it to become a hit , I havent played it yet but I hear that Hellboy
 suck , suck this game sucks save your money for the movie it cost less , this game has it all , bad graphics , terrible weapons amd terrible voice acting im tellin ya stay away from this as much humanly possible .
 Was disappointed in this game even at it 's really low priceIt 's nothing like Red Rampage and Redneck Rides againIt was boringNot enough actionI gave it away
 I was excited when i started playing it because it was exactly what i was looking for until i realized that my data could n't be saved ! Like a true die-hard fan i tried to just keep the game on since i could n't save it but then right after about 10hr of game play the game had a glitch and froze on me so i could n't even do that . If i knew this was going to happen i would n't have bought the game !
 My boy really wanted to buy this game . Game turned disappointing . My kid achieved higher levels -LRB- too -RRB- fast and then hit a bug that prevent from continue into next level . Searched the Internet and it turns out the bug does appear on -LRB- some ? -RRB- GBA devises.Anyway , not recommended .
 The game itself is lots of fun but at a certain spot the game malfunctions and you can go no further . This did not show up until a week after I started playing the game .
 The seller lied about the condition of the game , sent what seems to be a bootleg copy that does n't even load the starting movie for the begging of the game . I bought the game for close to twenty dollars and should have gotten it for free with how horrible it is . I will never buy from this seller again
 I purchased this game mainly so my little brother could trade pokemon from this game to the one he 's been working on for awhile . It works and all , but every time he turned it off then back on it would delete everything on the games built in memory chip ! It works just fine as long as you do n't turn the gameboy off , it 's just a pain to deal with . Was not worth 25 bucks .
 The game is defective when I got to a certain point in the game it just stopped . I looked for troubleshooting advice and I learned the game is defective . When I try to get the TM cut on the S.S anne ship the game stopped automatically . I did not do anything . I check to see if the problem was with my nintendo d.s but it was the game . Who I bought it from must have spilled water on it or something .
 I honestly can not beileve my package is taking so long to get here . It has spent 4 days in the same place . I am out raged and I will not buy stuff for my son from you any more .
 The cartridge I got had no visible defects and I was quite impressed with the shipping speed . However , as soon as I used the game , it stopped saving and caused me to restart every time I turned the power off . Then the game simply stopped working and causing the game to pull up a blank screen whenever I tried it .
 I bought this computer program because it was listed as being on CD Rom ... . what I got was a program on two 31/2 '' disks . My computer does n't have a 31/2 '' disk drive and Windows 7 probably would n't support the `` old operating system '' this program utilizes anyway . I am very disappointed and probably will never use Amazon.com again . John Farmer
 you have to have a very old computer to play it and my comps are too are to new and all my comps are xp and higher
 Despite what the description here says , this program is not actually for Windows -- it is for Palm PDA 's . It comes on a CD , and you need Windows to install it on the Palm , but the games will not run on your Windows-based PC . It sounds like a fine program for PDA 's , and I look forward to trying it on my Palm , but that 's not what this listing says .
 I would have given this product 0 stars if I could.Save yourself the money , and the hassle , it 's a rip off.You 're not buying games , you 're buying demos.Most of the demos you have 3 days from when you install it to try it out . If you want to play it after that - you have to buy it.They give you a `` serial number '' but it does n't work with any of the games - not even Tetris.I checked all over the packaging to see if there was any mention of it being all demos - nothing.I looked through the documentation , nothing about demos - nothing about any `` real '' serial numbers.I emailed the company - through their support website - asking what was up - I have n't heard anything back.Oh , yeah , I also checked out their website - there 's nothing there regarding these things being demos - or putting in real serial numbers.Save yourself the time , money and headache - do n't buy this product . You can just as easily goto the various companies websites and purchase it straight from them , and then you wo n't be out the $ 20 or so you spent for a garbage cd and some packaging .
 I ca n't figure out why anyone would like this game . I bought the game to entertain me on a long flight and I was extremely disappointed.First of all , the campagin mode is extremely short . I basically finished it in less than 2 hours . Once you have completed the campaign mode you have seen almost everything in the game . If you have done 1 ground combat and 1 space combat you have seen almost all the equipment in the game . There is nothing that is revealed later or that you can unlock with the exception of 1 new tie fighter.In the ground battles , the movement is extremely klunky . If want to turn around it can be difficult and if you are sprinting forget about it . The weapons that are used in the game are either tedious to use or they are incredibly wimpy . It takes 5-10 shots from some of them to bring down even the weakest of enemies . Oh , and speaking of enemies , I hope you enjoy shooting the same 3 guys over and over again because there ai n't a lot of difference here . In the `` Galactic Conquest '' mode you 'll get to see a whole lot of the same maps so enjoy that.In the space battles , there are basically 4 vehicles for each side and they have almost identical handling and weapons load outs . There is no difference between the Imperial Tie Bomber and the Rebel Y wing bomber . Truth be told all of the vehicles in the space mode seemed to be almost the same except for the difference of being able to fire 2 or 6 missles.The `` Galactic Conquest '' game mode is not bad but it is extremely short , like the Campaign mode , and it does n't have a whole lot of replay value.The one thing I ca n't figure out is why they included both Clone Wars and Empire characters and then did n't include the Clone Wars stuff in either the campaign mode or in the Galactic Conquest mode . I would have really enjoyed playing clone wars battles in either mode.I know that this game is made to appeal to Star Wars fans and I suspect that these are the only people that will like the heroes in the game . From my perspective I thought they were not much different than playing the standard troopers and I eventually stopped using them at all . Once you get over the appeal of starting at Luke Skywalkers back he is fairly useless.If you are a huge Star Wars fan then you will probably enjoy this game . If you are anyone else this game is too short , too small and too boring . Pass this one up and find another Star Wars game .
 This is a pure waste of money . The fact that the analog stick is on the same side as the d-pad is dooming for the psp . Lock-on replacing looking up down left and right is stupid . Yes , the customization is cool , but I was expecting an at least DECENT game . Lucasarts , Battlefronts 1 & 2 are amazing . This , however , is a sham . SHAME ON YOU LUCASARTS , USE YOUR TIME FOR BATTLEFRONT 3 OR FORCE UNLEASHED FOR XBOX 360 RATHER THAN THIS **** .
 This is a game that I just do n't like . The controls are n't even close to as smooth as SSX 's and what 's this nonsense about this game having more tricks than SSX ? That 's crazy talk ! In this game you have to get huge air just to pull a misty ! In SSX , however you can pull a quadruple misty with three grabs off the same amout of air . I believe that i have said enough to convince anyone to save their money and not buy this game .
 I have been playing these types of games for about two years now . It started with Everquest . Everquest was slow moving , boring but soooooooo addictive ... Now I 'm playing Lineage . It takes everything Everquest did makes it 100x better and also throws in some great new ideas . Lineage has this thing called bloodpledges which are groups of warriors led by a prince or princess.These bloodpledges are always trying to capture castles that other bloodpledges control and its a great thing to do after you get to a high level unlike in Everquest when you stand around waiting for teh next expansion pack when you get to a high enough level.Speaking of expansion packs Lineage releases a new episode every month -LRB- its now on epiode 9 -RRB- and a new continent 4 times a year . It 's like getting 4 free expansion packs a year !!! And trust me these continents are HUGE ! -LRB- ... -RRB- And if you join make sure you play the Ken Rahuel Server and talk to me . My in game name is hobbester
 This was a highly anticipated expansion for the most successful MMPOG ever made . However , the magic is not there any more . The expansion is SLOW , I meant slow for a P1 .7 with 512 RAM , GeForce 3 video card , and ADSL connection with average ping under 40 , Windows 98 SR2 . It runs fine on my XP machine with P3 933 and 256 RAM , GeForce 2 , however . Once I restore everything back to pre-Luclin -LRB- copy back the original EQ directory -RRB- , everything is fast again . DO NOT install this thing without backing up your current EQ directory .
 So disappointing , in every way for me . Yes I can play it with 512 MBs DDR RAM , AMD 1.4 , nvidia2 mx 400 , yada yada . Bleh . I thought SoL was going to make EQ worth playing again , not hardly.Get a clue VI , graphics are hardly what a RPG is about , and frankly , for the sys reqs to run this POS excuse for an upgrade , the graphics are way lacking . The spell effects at the very least should be way better than they were , they are not . The character models should be more than just buffed boobies and muscles straight out of a wanna-be DC comic book , they are not.Ah , but you have the new `` alternate advancement system '' starting at lvl 51 . Jeez , how lame does it get . Nevermind I have stuck with your game long enough to have more than one character lvl 51 + -LRB- try 2 years for 3 characters total -RRB- , what about the poor SoBs who do n't know any better cause they get there gaiming info at the K-Mart shelves . To think they have to endure months and months of your lvling treadmill to make a unique character built on an advancement system that is even more grueling then lvling was.For those of you who do n't know what everquest is really about , SoL should will slap you in the face with the reality of it eventually
 Everquest has put out Shadows of Lucin without warning us -LRB- the old playerbase -RRB- that major system modification would be required.NOTE
 You figured the guys at Verant would have at least tested this buggy piece of garbage . But , as it is , their motto is `` your in our world now . '' and I suppose the rest of that statement ought to read ; `` and if you do n't like it , then tuff ... '' Horrible customer service and a condescending , and almost disdainful regard for their `` customers '' , is par for the course for these clowns . I would strongly recommend this tittle for those with strong masochistic tendencies .
 I purchased Luclin , but in my opinion its not worth the money ... The zones are poorly designed , basically every zone has mobs that gang up on you , which make for zero fun if you prefer to solo as most people do . If you start out as a Vah Shir -LRB- cat person -RRB- , its literally impossible to leave your home land without a teleport due to the fact the adjacent lands are extremely high level.For whatever reason Verant decided to make Luclin be on another planet . Apparently the game has already become star wars.Like many others have mentioned , Everquest is a huge time sink for a game . If you play , plan on spending many hours every day to even have a chance to get anywhere in the game . Every single aspect of the game is designed , intentionally , to waste your time ... therefore more money for Verant.The game has been out 3 years now , and is to the point that just about everyone playing is playing with a twinked character -LRB- twinked = having high level gear that you normally would n't get starting out new -RRB- So I 'm certain that Verant has tweaked the game to offset the twinking ... which means its extremely hard for a non-twinked character to even level .
 Ahh the good old days when you played EverQuest and decided it was time to get Ruins of Kunark . You went out and purchased RoK and installed it . Then once all the patching was done you were able to click `` Kunark Patch '' and then everything was patched INTO the original game , then you hit the `` Register Kunark '' button and input the serial key . Same goes for Velious . It now seems that even just before the Luclin game , they were `` pre-patching '' Luclin files into your existing Velious game . My question is this , WHY ? Why ruin a fun game if you , the player , have no plans of going to Luclin ? Why should I have to have the game ruined and now I get the ka-chunk graphics , bad framerate , even in River Vale my home town , West Commonlands around the Druid Ring is now so laggy that it is like swimming in a see of molasses to just turn around . Zones that were once easy to explore are no more than a waste of time trying to run through . It is like as soon as you hit an area that has 1
 The first couple of weeks , where the Monty H. effect is in full swing on the item drops and following nerf of those drops aside ... This release is a nightmare . Folks typically waiting in tech support queues for 5 + hours at a time for the token advice to reinstall their drivers or get more memory or get a newer video card to run the game . In those cases I 've seen the customer 's system met or exceeded the requirements of the game -LRB- 640mb of ram should be sufficient to run this game , yet just in the time I was in the queue I saw 3 seperate customers with these configs conplaining that the game process had eaten it up then crashed -RRB- . With the new engine ` enhancements ' things are currently running slower then ever and my personal problem is also memory related . 1Gig of ram and another 1.1 Gig in virtual memory and 40min into playing the game I 'm out of memory and the game crashes . I go on about the memory problem because it 's affecting me , but there are many more bugs that in some cases keep a player outside the game altogether . Several people in the support queue have not been able to play the game at all since the game was updated in preparation of SoL 's release a few weeks ago.I 'm sure the company is working to fix this -LRB- the almost daily 6 hour outage for emergancy patching has to be working toward some resolution , right ? -RRB- . I can honestly say this will be a decent expansion when it 's ready to be released , say January . As it stands though , their entire customer base has been turned into a beta test group that 's paying for the opportunity to beta test this game .
 I have not bought this game expansion , and will not do so , until the bugs introduced have addressed.Somehow , the introduction of the new expansion for Everquest has created many bugs with graphics and sound in the original game , without even installion of the expansion.These render the game unplayable for me , but as this is a subscription based service , I still have to pay for time I can not use . My PC is up to spec even for the new expansion , with Win2k , Geforce , SB Live , 512 MB RAM - anyone with a spec lower than this be warned!Also Windows 95 is no longer supported , yet boxes of the original game and expansion are still on sale with W95 stated as supported.Be sure to check the forums on the official Everquest web site for current technical issues before purchasing this or any Everquest based product.This review was written on 8/12/01 .
 Release Date Dec 4 . On December 10 the 1 to 4 hour long daily technical maintenance patches continue . Required and recommended system requirements were ` upgraded ' the day of shipment , invalidating the package labeling . As a regular player I sincerely wish the ` EQ team ' had ` upgraded ' in increments . DirectX 8.1 , Upgraded Graphics and the Shadows of Luclin Expansion . Everquest * was * a great game . I hope it will be again .
 The stated system requirements for EverQuest , Ruins of Kunark , Scars of Velious and Shadows of Luclin is in accurate . It does n't stop there , of course . . but those of us who play and have played Everquest for any time know that . Aside from theto-be-expected disconnects at Server , the increased lag , theincomplete zone graphics and ` broken ' quests oversized download packets during play -LRB- resulting in unnecessary deaths and experience loss -RRB- make the game a love-hate endeavor . Oh , IF ONLY I 'd KNOWN then what I KNOW now ... but I 'm already severly addicted ... I would NEVER have purchased any of the above.Did the Cigarette industry end up paying out the wazoo foraddiction-inflicted damage to the consumer ? Not Verant - now they have introduced a new Uber Server , $ 40.00 per month option . Do n't be suprised . In this `` Legends '' option they promise to limit online players and give the consumer all they were supposed to get for the ` standard ' subscription plusa few scraps to make it look worth the price.Save your money ... or be prepared to pay regularly for your daily dose of Frustration .
 I quit playing EQ even before this expansion came out just because it wasnt worth the time and money . This came out and thered been a bunch of hype like its gon na blow every thing away heh not quite . I wasted my money on this i used to be fine even when i was in that laggy Tunnel in east common lands with 180 people in the zone now i lag out in zones with 20 . The graphics while a huge improvment are n't really that good if you consider other new games out all in all this game made me put EQ down for good .
 Ahh the good old days when you played EverQuest and decided it was time to get Ruins of Kunark . You went out and purchased RoK and installed it . Then once all the patching was done you were able to click `` Kunark Patch '' and then everything was patched INTO the original game , then you hit the `` Register Kunark '' button and input the serial key . Same goes for Velious . It now seems that even just before the Luclin game , they were `` pre-patching '' Luclin files into your existing Velious game . My question is this , WHY ? Why ruin a fun game if you , the player , have no plans of going to Luclin ? Why should I have to have the game ruined and now I get the ka-chunk graphics , bad framerate , even in River Vale my home town , West Commonlands around the Druid Ring is now so laggy that it is like swimming in a see of molasses to just turn around . Zones that were once easy to explore are no more than a waste of time trying to run through . It is like as soon as you hit an area that has 1
 This was an extremely poor expansion . Verant Interactive rushed to get this product out of the door and in the processes caused a lot of stability issues with the Luclin client . Even 2 months after release they are still trying to fix bugs within the SoL code to allow players to play at a decent speed.Save your money . If you have to have this expansion wait another 6 months where in typical MMORPG fashion the majority of bugs will be fixed .
 I would just like to know where these bars are that eric goes to !
 Hello , I would have to say that on the order of 1-5 id give this game a neg 10 . Why ? Because it is unplayable . I own a mid range system , well over 1/2 GIG of ram , voodoo5 with 64megs . I found that swiming through molassas would be faster than trying to play in the new zones . Ive never seen such terriable frame rate/lag in 20 years of gameing on a puter . And for the record , Ive been a loyal EQ fan for 3 + years , paying in beta , and throught ever expansion release . Ive never seen such horrible performace . Sony/Verant has really done a backslide on their ability to present a playable module . Some might say it runs great on a P < whatever > with a 1 gig + processor , well to you i say , if you need a 1 gig proc , to run an app that is not server or DB related , somethings wrong ... If you feel you have some twisted desire to own this module , send me an email , ill sell you mine ... Rachanretired 53 cleric -LRB- and others -RRB- CT server ...
 Sony has managed to rune all the fun of EQ by releasing the Shadows of Luclin WAY before they were ready . Only a hand full of video cards can handle the game and even those are crashing at least twice and hour . The lag rates have doubled the link deads have tripled and I you think there Tech support is willing to help , , , , You dead wrong ! Hands down the worst purchase of the year and I guarantee they will lose thousands of gamers as a result .
 As a loyal player of Everquest for more than a year-and-a-half , I rushed out on the release date to purchase Everquest
 1 -RRB- Graphic is old -LRB- please , wake up and compare this game with others MMORPG on the market now -RRB- 2 -RRB- Lag is awful3 -RRB- Customer service ? . . hemmm what is it ? 4 -RRB- Bugs
 I have been an active player of EQ for 2 years . The game is alot of fun and very addictive . However , I , along with many others , was forced to leave EQ due to the requirements for the newest expansion . I simply was n't going to spend alot of money to upgrade my computer for a simple game.I would like to warn those of you who have yet to buy EQ and are considering making the purchase . Although it is alot of fun , I simply would n't get involved with it . The game is very time consumming , plus Verant Interactive 's customer support is pretty much non existant . The company has become very arrogant after EQ became one of the top selling computer games on the market and they constantly ignore customer inquiries . I have e-mailed their customer support at least 5 times during the 2 years I played to get help with different problems I experienced with EQ and NEVER received any response . I have worked in customer service for 6 years and if I was to treat my customers the way Verant does theirs , I would have been canned . Once they get their customers addicted , they know they 'll find it hard to leave , so therefore they pretty much blow you off.So if you are thinking about buying EQ , I strongly recommend you reconsider . If I can save someone from getting addicted to EQ , then I 've pretty much done my good deed for the day .
 ... I 'm not here to yell at Everquest players to run to DAOC or any other game , I am here to point out why you should n't buy this title.For starters , and probably the main concern is , the system requirements are LUDICRIST . A gig of RAM ?! Ok , Yes , I have this in my computer , but for what you are given , this is appallingly stupid . I can run Ghost Recon with the graphics set at 1024x768 and have upwards of 36 players on the screen at a time and only begin to notice a drop in frame rate . Take a look a a screenshot from SoL and Ghost Recon and you will see what I mean.Everquest is running on a several year old engine and instead of building a new one , which , god forbid would be a good idea even if it would cost money , would make the game far better , instead they just drop more and more into the old engine and over tax it.They have also , recently , raised the price of a subscription.The entire interface , while it has been improved repeatedly , is still monotonous . Lots of clicking and dragging to do the simplest tasks , things that could easily be done a different and better way . While most games are bad about it , EverQuest is a hallmark to the advancement of carpal tunnel.Game play is overly redundant . Gamers , most of your time will be spent Killing a monster then sitting down and waiting for another , that looks exactly like the one you just killed , to spawn . Over and over and over.On a side note , it is a wonderful waste of time.In the end , mark my word , you will fight , scream when you die , become irritated trying to get your stuff back and then do it all again because you have found yourself lost in a word with no more depth than a chatroom
 This was a big waste of money . As far as I 'm concerned , the only thing Luclin is good for , is teleporting .
 Crashes every ten seconds and everyone is running around naked ! Whats up with that ?
 Obviously I am rather biased about this game since I like Asheron 's Call better . But I have played them both and while they both have many of the same problems inherent to a MMORPG such as lag , and cheating and e-bay selling . But Everquest has some problems that Asheron 's Call does n't have . # 1 All updates to Asheron 's Call are free , all updates to EQ are not free and you need to go out and buy the latest version to get the fix , and be able to play with your friends again . # 2 In comparison to the developer attention and responses to customer wants and needs , Asheron 's Call 's developer team seems to make a much larger effort to accomodate their customers as much as possible . The AC developers have a message board where they answer questions and make statements , and they release build notes every month on their updates , and they have a monthly live developer chat where you can ask your questions and get them answered right away , with the transcript of the chat being posted afterwards . EQ does n't even come close to this , and seems to like having a wall between their devs and their customers . # 3 Then there is game-play . My number one problem with this game is like myself , many people DO NOT like to * HAVE TO * fight and play in groups . A lot of people play RPG and adventure games for the atmosphere and people , but they also like to do things on their own . In EQ , you CAN NOT fight and hunt solo . If you do you are monster food . In AC almost anyone can hunt solo and reap the rewards of solo hunting.Like I said this is a biased review , but everything I wrote here is true , think about it .
 You may want to considering purchasing another game if you are :1 . If you are using an AMD processor , do not buy this game . Verant , the maker of Everquest is teaming up with Intel to optimize the game for P4 chips -LRB- ... -RRB- There has been many bugs related to using the AMD processor . -LRB- ... -RRB- In other words , too bad if you have the wrong chip , even through the chip is x86 compatible .2 . If you do not know EXACTLY the type of video card you are using . Only a few video cards are supported -LRB- ... -RRB- If you do not know the exact video card you are using , you will not be able to diagnose properly and the game will not start .3 . If you do not want to spend 3 + hours installing the game . It is not something where you can just pop in the CD and play . -LRB- ... -RRB- Do you know what a driver is ? Do you know how reach the maker of these drivers so you can get the newest version ? If not , do n't buy this game , because it wo n't work without the newest versions of your drivers .4 . If you do not have exactly 512 megs of RAM . If you have too much RAM -LRB- ... -RRB- , you will run into problems . If you have less than that , you will not be able to experience many of the features offered in Luclin .5 . If you do not enjoy crashes . There are so many abrupt crashes , that an entire discussion is based around it . Do you know what you did wrong ? Well , neither do they ! -LRB- ... -RRB- This is pathetic , Quality Assurance should be done before a release , not after ! 6 . If you do not enjoy patches . The game is constantly being taken down and patched , that means you ca n't play when the servers are being patched . -LRB- ... -RRB- Notice how they announce a patch the day before the patch , and a patch is scheduled almost every night!Overall , this game is not ready to be released . Do yourself a favor , and buy something else like Dark Age of Camelot . If you run into problems and ca n't figure out all the computer babel , you are out of luck . Their support line is ALWAYS busy , and your emails will just be ignored .
 I bought this after I got Dark Ages of Camalot . Forget it . the game has really poor graphics compared to DAoC . The game has to much infighting between the people on line and new people in the game can not compete with the `` Twinks '' who come along and camp all the stuff needed to advance . This game is really obsolete and there are much better games out there on the market now . Spend you money elsewhere .
 I 've had a love-hate relationship with this game for 10 months . EQ 's depth is UNPARELLED ! However , it 's PLAYABILITY has already been SURPASSED by other MMPOGs.Basically ,1 . Numerous bugs
 Personally , I do n't like search and find , but it was okay to play once . For each scene , you get a list of items to search for , and then you have to find a certain percent of them to pass the level . Since every level is like this , it seemed pretty repetitive to me.I consider myself to have a pretty good vocabulary , but it 's always difficult when you 're asked to search for something that you do n't even know what it is , as some of the search items were a bit obscure.The plot was also pretty cheesy , as everytime you 're searching for something , it 's because something awful is going on that will ruin the wedding , and if you win , then you will save the day.After you win , you get to pick different items for the wedding , which I did think was fun . Overall , I thought it was alright to play once , but I would n't recommend it and definitely would only play once .
 If you 're buying this for a little kid they may like it . Unfortunately , for anyone else , this game is a waste of your money .
 its too old to play with current computers It looked like it could have been a great product when it did work
 Come on EA get with the program !! Xbox and PS2 is yesterday 's technology you need to come out with this game for today 's systems Xbox 360 or PS3 . What 's even worse is you made this game so it is not capatible with the 360 I think that stinks ... why not release it for Atari too as I am sure there are some of those systems still around .
 It was not forxbox 360 It would not play . Grandson upset because he could n't . Play game.I will Deirdre this game .
 I Ordered NCAA 07 XBox 360 , Not Plain Old Xbox !? This Game is Incompatible With XBox 360 !!? I Want My Money Back !!!
 When i bought this game i was used to playing live 09 and 10 on the 360 . I like how realistic these games are . this game is nothing like that . It 's more like a `` street '' game so arcade style . Not really worth my time .
 Be careful . When they say Windows 95/98 , they mean it . It does n't run on Win2k . My son is very disappointed . He loves Thomas.Other Hasbro games , including Barney , run well on win2k , so we expected this one to work as well .
 My 21/2 year old got this for Christmas and I want to make sure anyone that buys it for their toddler realizes that it is definitely `` lapware , '' unless your toddler is already pretty adept at using the mouse . The changing cursor is somewhat confusing and hard for rookies to aim accurately . One difficulty is that it is used differently in the different areas of the game . For example , it steers Terrance the tractor without clicking in the cow chasing area , you do n't click Harold to pick up the rocks in the rock fall area , but you do click Harold in the festival games area . This is not a good game to teach mouse use as a result , and does require assistance . I was not terribly excited about the skills taught in the games area , and felt that it was rushing through . For example , in the Cranky the crane area , the first level is supposed to be colors , the second , which looks identical , is color and shape , and the third is more complex wooden box shapes . I have no objection to the game promoting the advancement from easier to harder skills , but most pre-school games give more opportunities for practice before moving on . I also was irritated that the music game was not more obvious in the sounds each instrument played - it takes a keen ear to discern the banjo , for example , over the background music . My son loved the included train car and does enjoy the game - I 'm the one with a problem with it . He is also used to being more independent with his games - for example , Fisher Price Toddler , and he ca n't be as independent with this one , which frustrates both of us .
 An odd boxing game easy is too easy and medium is a little hard or I just did n't play it enough .
 The first Victorious Boxers game was fantastic ... one of the best boxing games by far . The sequel however is a sorry attempt to cash in on the fame of the first -LRB- and the comic series upon which the games are based -RRB- . As far as gameplay goes , the sequel uses basically the same controls as the first . The action is faster , but the controls are much more sloppy and it is much more difficult to tell where your punches are landing . After playing the game for a few matches , I soon realized that the gameplay is n't even the point of the game . Unlike the first game , strategy and skill is not required ; all you need to do is mash buttons.In actuality , the purpose of the game is to watch the story . The first game was very light on the story , and this one is very heavy on the story . Very heavy . In fact , the cut scenes between fights is almost a verbatim retelling of the comic book the game is based on . For big fans of the series , this might be a selling point , but I could n't get into it . The graphics are pretty bad and the characters all look pretty freakish and hastily designed.Anyhow , the long and short of it is that if you want a great boxing game , then get the first one . If you are a big , big fan of Hajime no Ippo and you just want to see the story in a different way , then this game may be for you .
 I have been playing hockey video games since before they had NHLPA permission to use the players names . But I have to say , this is the worst hockey game I have played . -LRB- I have not played NHL 2K7 for the 360 as of yet , so this may just be the second worst , but for now it is the worst -RRB- Where to bin :1 - Passing is simply awful . Half the time you pass to the other team or up ice for an icing . It would be nice if representations of professional players could atleast pass to their own team.2-Computer AI is awful . The players on your team that you are not controlling will sit in the zone and cause you to go off side about 2 dozen times a game . You literally have to skate around the neutral zone and wait for them to exit most of the game.3-Opponent will either suck or be the greatest team ever . What I mean here is I played an entire season and lost almost every other game . So I would beat Ottawa 5-1 and lose to Montreal the next night 7-1 only to rebound to beat Detroit 5-1 . It seems that wins causes your goalie to suck it up while making your opponents better.4-Speed kills the fun . If the other team is faster then your team , simulate though the game , as you will have a better chance of winning . A slow team is a kiss of death as speed seems to be the only thing that matters to this game.5-Shot tick is a joke . I know I will get blasted for this , but I prefer the buttons . The stick seemed very non responsive at times . Also it is impossible to line anyone up for a body check.6-Body Checks are a JOKE . I attempted to knock Koivu down with a body check by Domi . Domi chased him around the zone attempting to check him . Not only did it not fall down , but he never loss control of the puck !!! Overall I 'd say that if you want to play this , rent it first . I guess I will have to try NHL 2k & to see if it is as bad as this game .
 What did you think I was going to rate this game?The game play sucks!Checking , passing , shooting are all unrealistic.The only thing that holds the game together are graphics and the shootout which is very realistic how the goalie moves.The goalies are very realistic though , with saves and A.I. but once a game allow a fluke goal from the blueline.The other good thing is the stick control , very nicely done.But still what hurts the game is passing , shooting , and checking !
 The demo of this game had me very excited , but the actual game was a major disappointment . Not only were the controls much more awkward than I expected -LRB- they were identical to the 2k6 controls , except they did n't make as much sense -RRB- , but the gameplay was COMPLETELY unrealistic . I know EA is known for arcade style games , but this was pretty ridiculous . The AI are impossible to work with ... they basically just go in predetermined circle paths over and over . I dare say that this game does n't even scratch the surface of next-gen ... it has some redeeming qualities -LRB- the graphics are great -RRB- , but at the cost of a slower frame rate and serious lag during online play.If you 're looking for a realistic game , this is n't it .
 When I opened the case to inspect the game , it had scratches that seemed like they were previously ` buffed out . ' I was unable to play the game , as the console read that the media was unreadable .
 No way to win a faceoff . Played video hockey games since they first came out and this is the worst . You would think EA Sports would try out the games before shipping them .
 First off I will say that the game play is pretty decent . That is it is pretty decent after playing for two weeks to figure out the new game controls . Once you get used to them the game is much more enjoyable though they are still somewhat `` numb '' . That said all there really is to say regarding this game is poor quality . I could review the game play and talking about all the features though I wo n't waste your time . The only thing you really need to know regarding this game is two things . -LRB- 1 -RRB- The online play is great when people are not cheating which is about 1 % of the time . The online play has a nasty glitch allowing people to reset the game back to the last face-off . This `` feature '' allows players to void goals , penalties , and just generally prolong the game . This along with other bugs in the online play effectively ruin online portion of the game . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Ok , so there is always franchise mode . Franchise mode has a wonderful glitch that does n't allow the players on your team to improve from season to season . The bug is discussed on the EA message boards and I have experienced it first hand . Nothing like playing an entire season and going to start season 2 only to find that all your players improvements are lost . This bug effectively ruins franchise mode.So whats left EA ? I am left wondering why I wasted my money on this game and most of all wondering why EA does not offer a patch to fix these blatent game problems . Overall this game is fun to play though the major game problems override the good with the bad . I would not recommend purchasing this game .
 Skill stick is an improvement . But everyone knows about that part of the game.AI is horrible . I 've noticed 3 of my team 's AI controlled players standing still at once . Goalies do n't get back into position , let in horribly soft goals , and have no concept of controlling rebounds . There is apparently no way to get defensemen to pinch reliably . I have yet to see a player anticipate a play . Defensemen do n't clear out players around the net.Passing is hit and miss , at best . There is often no way to tell if you have other players onside , and it is difficult to reliably direct passes to a specific player if two teamates are about the same angle from the puck carrier.I understand that it may be difficult to program AI for a sport with play as spontaneous as it is in hockey -LRB- i.e. , unlike football with set plays , -RRB- but it 's disappointing that hockey games are at least 5 years behind football games . The 2K series has better passing controls , but 2K6 at least has similar difficulties with AI .
 This game is horrible . Your team 's ai is must have came to the game in the short bus because they are stupid . Whenever I skate up the ice , my own players get in my way and I end up losing the puck . And they ca n't defend worth anything , I ca n't count how many times my computer controlled defensemen were caught out of position resulting in an odd-man rush . The opponet 's ai is able to pole check and read passes way too easily . The hit stck is just a joke , it 's not accurate and when you miss your player is pretty much screwed because he just stands there . And what is with the players poke checking , does EA not realize that you can move and poke check at the same time ? The manual shot aim is worthless , most of the time it ends up being sucked up right into the goalies glove . And the computer scores on the softest goals but you actually have to work for a goal .
 This game produces the dreaded ` rainbow ' effect on my Samsung 62 '' DLP TV . I have n't seen this problem with any other xbox 360 games , only this one . Maybe it 's the slow frame rate or something that causes it . If you have a DLP HDTV set , beware you may have the same problem !
 Note that I said ` one of ' and not `` the '' worst sports video game.Things I like ________________ . It has all of the current NHL players on it , as well as minor league players . . The ability to edit finances with dynasty mode . . Being the general manager of an NHL team and getting mail from the NHL , your team 's coaches , players , etc. . Gameplay is good , but not great.Things I do n't like ______________________ . What you can edit in finances -LRB- should have more options -RRB- . The controls are VERY hard to get used to , it must have taken me 10 games before I could actually control the player 's fairly well , and it usually only takes me a couple of hours to get used to a video game 's controls . -LRB- whereas this took something like 5-6 hours -RRB- . Limited controls as goalie , especially when you set it to play only as goalie . Otherwise , whenever he gets the puck , there is n't much you can do but use the right trigger to pass -LRB- unless the puck was dumped in the zone -RRB- . . Unless viewing in HD , good luck reading the numbers on the statistics . I played it in HD on our 60 '' Sony and could read it perfectly , however , when moving it to the 32 '' Sony and not in HD -LRB- just by choice at the time , moved it after this -RRB- it was hard to see the numbers on the statistics , especially when you are going to trade players . . If you trade a lot of players , and then go to `` Roster Moves '' and you are over the limit , you wo n't be able to get out of it without moving the required amount to your minor league team . -LRB- unless you saved the game before going there , in which case you can just turn the XBOX 360 off and then go from there -RRB- So if you got a player that is n't very good , but has good potential , good luck not having another team take him when you send him to the minor leagues because he has a 1-way contract and not a 2-way . -LRB- you should be able to go to contracts and change it , then move them to the minors -RRB- And it even says the the NHL does n't allow you to have more than 23 players active , and that you ca n't play a game . Well do n't let me play the next game , but let me get out of `` Roster Moves '' to edit a guy-with-a-lot-of-potential 's contract ! . The visual settings for which way you view on the ice is absolutely unfunctional . It has the option of
 This was one of my favorite games for the original Xbox , so I did n't hesitate when I saw the PSP version . Unfortunately , the camera controls for the PSP version are horrific -- especially when facing a time sensitive bounce-from-pillar-to-pillar situation -LRB- while trying to control this ridiculous camera system -RRB- making what should be a edge-of-your-seat experience into one that will have you questioning whether this classic came from a fiery pit . In full , AVOID THIS FOR PSP ... or better yet , just skip to the sequel
 I have been a Tomb Raider fan since the original in 1996 . I have this game on GameCube and loved it . Since I really do n't have time for console games anymore I bought it for psp . This game is beautiful . The sound is great . The part that makes this game junk is the controls . The controls are absolutely horrible and take all enjoyment from the game . Avoid the psp version at all costs unless you want a cool little beer coaster .
 This game was completely horrible . I would never recommend it to anyone . I should have looked into it before I bought it . DO NOT BUY !!
 Really , I never got the hang of this game . There was way too much back and forthing in it to retain my attention . I get the object , it was just very poorly put together in my eyes .
 Maybe it was the fact that I had never seen the show , or maybe its the fact that its really boring and confusing , but either way do n't buy it . I thought it was too , too complex . Most of the time I did n't know what they were asking me to do . And it gets really frustrating . But , if you are a masochist then you 'll like it , I guess .
 Though I have played many detective style games on a PC , this is my first on DS . Just too small for me and not pleasurable to work through.Tons of Tiny text , dark screens . I find this game time consuming and tiresome with so many search/player options . Must flip from tab to tab , take a swab , go to lab go back to interview ... back to lab , back to scene again , etc. . Would be easier to see and play on PC.Recently have played many types of DS games , and unfortunately this is ranked lowest for me . When I have played through my other games I may give this one another shot ...
 This game did nothing for me . I wanted it so bad and begged for it for christmas -LRB- I 'm 41 -RRB- . I love the shows and thought that this would be great . I like games like Phoenix Wright Ace Attorney , Cate West , Touchmaster , Millionheir , Mystery PI , and Professor Layton and the Curious Villiage ... this game did not cut it . It would basically stop and expect me to know what to do next without giving me any direction . If you ask for help from your partner , you lose `` points '' for your review . I found it very boring . I hope some of you find it good because I was very hopeful but it just did not work for me .
 I bought this game thinking it would be fun , but there is little instruction on what to do . No real help from the game as to next move . Not worth the money .
 This Game Is To Hard For Me And It Takes Forever To Figuare Out . So This Game Sucks ! Do Not Buy It !
 I am an avid CSI Fan , and I guess I was hoping for something a little more interactive . You lose points if you talk to your CSI `` buddy '' and if you miss one piece you get stuck and have to go completely back through everything . I beat the game and sold it the next day ... . only 5 cases and once you complete them , there really is n't anything else to the game . Buy used or rent . . do n't waste too much money . This game can be completed in a day .
 I decided to buy this game after I finished all my Phoenix Wright and Apollo Justice games , I really like investigation type of games and since I really love the CSI series , I decided to go and give this game a try . I really think this game is very hard . I just ca n't figure out where to go next , or what tool to use on what , to collect evidence . I started using the walkthrough to help me out but it just gets to the point where you have to use it all the time , and playing like this is just not fun to me . I have also played Hotel Dusk and really enjoyed it but to me this game does not resemble hotel dusk at all . Very frustrating !
 I really like doing Sudoku . This game really is n't hard to adapt to , but there are some flaws . The cheerleader is a pest . The handwriting recognizer sometimes does n't work , especially for 4,5 , and 7 . The last problem I have with the game is the `` locked features . '' I ca n't ever go fast enough to unlock the mini-games . Occasionally , when you complete a Sudoku puzzle , you will be allowed to sample a mini-game . It seems that you have to beat the timed mini-game once to unlock it . I ca n't , so no mini-games for me . Did I mention that reading the instructions for the games is on the timer ?
 The number of relatively easy games is pretty low . The use of this product is not very straight-forward , and it seems to be missing some of the features that a less expensive dedicated hand-held suduko game includes.What I was hoping for , was a large selection of games at each level of ability , with the option of assistance . That is n't what I got .
 I have been a Sudoku fan for about 3 years now . I do well at solving the `` difficult '' and `` fiendish '' puzzles in the New York Post Sudoku books -LRB- in my opinion are the best Sudoku books out there -RRB- . I thought I 'd divert from these puzzles and try a shot at Platinum Sudoku after reading some of the reviews.So far I 've spent about 3-4 hours playing and have only solved 10 puzzles . The puzzles are frustrating and challenging . The `` Easy '' mode is not that easy , and I 've barely scratched the surface on `` Medium '' mode . The numbers in `` draft '' mode -LRB- for guessing numbers -RRB- is so small that you have to get out your reading glasses to see what you 've marked . Also , the default font is incredibly hard to read and to get used to . Unless you unlock some new fonts by completing several puzzles , there 's really not a good font to select . That alone makes the puzzles difficult to complete . One of the things I have to agree with many other reviewers is the stupid girl and guy that supposedly pumps you up and makes you feel like you 've accomplished something after completing a puzzle . Give me a break ! It would have been nice to have the option to turn this feature off , similar to the music option.The graphics are okay , but that 's not what a good Sudoku puzzle is all about.All in all , this game will be on my `` used games to sell '' list . My friend has `` Ultimate Puzzle Games-Sudoku Edition '' and this beats out Platinum Sudoku by far . I 'm also sticking to the old school version of paper and pencil with a real eraser !!
 I 've been doing sudoku puzzles for about three years and have become a fairly good player . I 've been able to solve the `` hard '' puzzles in the Brain Age 2 game and I do nothing now but the hard puzzles on a hand held sudoko game I have.The `` easy '' puzzles on Platimum Sudoku are the hardest sudoku puzzles I 've ever tried . And , while the Platinum Sudoku game includes lessons on how to solve sudoku puzzles , you can not access the lessons until you have successfully solved the first batch of puzzles -LRB- which you 're not likely to do without the lessons -RRB- # % @ $ * & $ # . '' : > -LRB-
 I just played the demo to this game ... well actually I has to quit . I like violent video games and all ... most of the time . But this was ultra violent and ultra bloody . The GTA games were violent but cartoonish - and they gave you something else to do ; car races , etc.This game is a non-stop killing machine of blood , bombs and guts . It takes quite a bit to turn my stomach ... and this game does it .
 What a piece of crap this game is . I can not believe I paid so much money for it . The directions included in the game do not tell you how to play , or how to get around . We 're stuck in Jimmy 's Lab and have no idea how to get out . Can someone tell us how to get out ? What a piece of crap .
 This is a poorly designed game , especially if you are playing with multiple people . My 9 year son really wanted it , but after playing he said it was dumb and switched bakc to another game . Luckily we only rented it .
 Im not impresed with this game or battle for volcanno Island . The game has the worst graphics ever and Nicktoons just went downhill -LRB- espcilly Spongebob -RRB- . I thought the sequal would be better but it was worse . I really think this game needs someone to work on it and create a better version of the game and stop making these Nicktoon games that comeout every 2 months . Luckily I have a Playstation 3 and a Wii and I have a lot better games for them . I reccomend Sonic The Hedgehog -LRB- PS3 -RRB- , Warioware Smothmoves -LRB- Wii .
 This game is really not that good . I rented it and the chracters do not have there same morals . There powers are incredbiley dumb and the game is way to easy . Luckley I only rented it so I did n't waste the 35 $ . The other thing that bothers me is that the game barley as any sound except driping noises and backround sounds . Nicktoons should make another game so the chracters ar n't so stupid and there is actully a point to the game insteed of runing around being stupid .
 All right here is the deal . The game is boring , easy , and super childish ! under 5 ? this game is good for you ! over5 ? it is crap ! i bought it and beat it in 3 hours including my lunc -LSB- about 30 minutes -RSB- ! but hey . i 'm a very experinced gamer so you might find it challging .
 I rented it and personally thought it was so bad that I turned it off and watched a movie instead . It starts out with the Mayor walking you around and having you build stuff . I personally thought that it was a little difficult -LRB- and I hate to say it , but stupid -RRB- to build things . My house and workshop looked weird - nothing how I would have liked to build them . Then the mayor told me to put a chair together and I had had enough , this is when I hit the power button . Maybe I did n't give it enough of a chance , but I do n't really want to . Give me a new version of Sim City for Wii -LRB- I have downloaded the old one on my Wii for $ 5 and played it for hours and hours ! -RRB-
 This is the first game of the SIMS genre that my family has ever purchased -LRB- or even really seen much of -RRB- . For years I 've heard people talk about `` Sim this '' and `` Sim that '' ... `` Sim City '' etc. . Based on the popularity I figured there had to be something to it . So when my 9 year old wanted Wii MY SIMS I figured , `` finally , we 'll be part of the SIM craze . `` Ok , I just do n't get it . The game seems tedious ... no the game IS tedious . And WHY god , WHY would EA make all the Sims talk in that `` teletubby gibberish ? As a parent do you know what an hour of listening to that babble will do to your brain ? I 'm getting ready to climb a tower with a high-powered rifle . If my son ends up liking this game , I 'm moving the Wii to the basement.I give it 2 stars because I know kids love it ... so clearly I 've crossed over into the `` you hooligan kids get off my lawn '' phase of life , but lord have them speak a real language .
 There is nothing remotely challenging , interesting , or fun about this game . It is the most boring , most tedious , and least fun Wii game I have ever played , and one of the very worst games I have ever played on any game system . There are no redeeming qualities about this game . The only way in which one might find this game amusing for more than about 5 minutes would be if one were about 4 years old or mentally deficient.The first clue is the characters themselves -- all of them appear to be about pre-school age . Normally , I 'd be upset at Electronic Arts for making a game like this , but by making all the characters toddlers themselves , and putting several of them right on the cover , it is clear that Electronic Arts is not trying to hide the fact that this game is designed for toddlers . Still , it 'd be nice if the ratings system had more categories -- there ought to be one that warns teens and adults that they will not find a particular game such as this one remotely interesting.This is not like a normal Sims game very much at all -- it is much , much more tedious and boring . This game is all about building things , and building things is not at all fun and is very boring , tedious , and simple . Any 4-year old will master the skill within 15 minutes . Generally speaking , the game tells you exactly what part to use and where to put it until you are done building whatever it is that you 're supposed to build . You bump into the other people in the neighborhood , and all they ever do is tell you to go build something for them . The only other things this game involves are , basically , walking around shaking trees , digging in the ground , and fishing in lakes , all of which are very simple and quickly get very boring . You do all these things to get these things called `` essences . '' But all these essences do is allow you to build more things . And that 's it . Yes , it 's all about building things . And there 's nothing remotely interesting about building these things , and nothing interesting about any aspect of this game.If you were thinking about buying this , I 'd definitely advise renting it first , although I would n't waste your money even on a rental if you can avoid it . Some games I do not enjoy but can easily understand how others might . This is not one of those games.On the other hand , it could possibly be a great game for small children . I 'd consider trying it out if I had a child of anywhere between 3 and 7 years old , or if I were the guardian of a mentally deficient person . Otherwise , this game is absolutely horrible . There is nothing remotely fun , interesting , or challenging about this game . It is only slightly better than watching paint dry .
 If you 're looking for a simple game for elementary school children , this might work . If you 're older than that , do not bother . It is too easy , boring , and nothing like the Sims like the name suggests . Here 's how the game goes
 Take the worst parts of a Sims game -LRB- repetition , moving towards far-reaching goals that provide little reward once you reach them -RRB- and the worst parts of Animal Crossing -LRB- superficial characters and rote , boring `` fetch me this item '' errands to make them like you ; your main character has no needs to balance or take care of , never sleeps , etc. -RRB- , and you 've got MySims . And I say that as someone who loves both Sims and Animal Crossing games . I played it almost all the way through -LRB- despite it not being very fun , it is kind of addictive -RRB- , and was underwhelmed by the superficial social connections with other MySims -LRB- you can talk to them or do other social things with them , but as far as I can tell there is no benefit to making them like you -RRB- , the pointlessness of bothering to make your house look nice or bothering to become close with other MySims -LRB- if you get super close , they give you furniture items , but there is no point to having the furniture items , so why bother ? -RRB- , the bizarreness of available house designs -LRB- I found it nearly impossible to make a house that did not look deformed -RRB- , and so on . The game primarily consists of exploring to find widgets and waiting around until enough of each kind of widget spawns so that you can make the items that other characters want -LRB- although , as I have said already , there is little point in giving the characters what they want , as all you get is room for more characters to move in , so they can ask you for more things -RRB- . All in all , I was really disappointed with this game . I had heard rumors that there would be online capabilities -LRB- a feature that made Animal Crossing DS fun when it might have been tedious otherwise -RRB- , that the game would take advantage of the Wii 's internal clock to run in real-time , that you would be able to use your Mii as a character , and so on . None of the rumors were true . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Prior to purchasing My Sims I had received My Sims Kingdom which I really enjoyed playing . I was highly disappointed in My Sims when I began playing it . The game seems to be really amateurish and not nearly as developed as My Sims Kingdom which has come a long way since My Sims . The game takes an incredible time to load which it does frequently , including every time you go in or out of a building . It is a very time consuming game because everything takes a loooong time to do , and it really should n't be such a long process.I do not recommend this game . If you like the Sims , buy Sims My Kingdom !
 I bought this for my wife , expecting the same sort of game play as Sims and Sims 2 or perhaps SimCity . Boy were we disappointed.Game play is simple to the point of pointlessness . Loading screens abound and get longer the longer you play . In build mode , the challenge is mainly how to get the controller to put the piece where you want it . At first , I thought there was a hardware problem , as the screens bogged and the cd drive began to make lots of noise.As others have stated , multiplayer and some way to save and trade your designs could have made this a better product . Judging by the way it chugs and bogs down , we may be asking too much from this title already.The worst aspect is that you are essentially a one-person factory for your town . It would not be so bad , if only all this building had a point . I have played it up to 31/2 stars , and I am done with it . My wife did n't even get past 2 . She says it puts her to sleep .
 I liked how fast I got the game in the mail . The game worked the first time we played , however the game is now frozen and you ca n't continue to play now . So I am back to having no game again !!
 I first got this game when we rented it from hollywood video . I played it forever . My mom had to force me to stop and eat dinner . After about two days of costant playing , I got bored with it and never played it again . Im a novice Sims player , so Im not sure if this is like the other games . If you dont like the cutesy type games , dont buy it . But even if you do , rent it first , just to be sure .
 If you are looking for a suitable alternative to The Sims , look elsewhere ! Sims-style games should be open-ended , with no real `` point '' other than simulation of life . This game is basically an RPG in sims ' clothing - you are assigned tasks -LRB- read
 This is a well designed game that seems designed for young children . My six year old granddaughter enjoys it , BUT comments on the `` ugliness '' . Why did they feel the need to inject the sinister mood at so many points ? One character says `` you only see the real me at night . '' What 's that supposed to mean ? There are many examples . It would be nice if they gave a simple start up option to configure the game for young children , thus blocking the inuendo .
 this game is boring . even my 11 year old daughter gets bored with it . its other down fall is that you can only have 3 accounts . SO if you have 4 + people in your family , only 3 can play ever - unless you delete an account/game .
 Pros : Not so expensiveCan get addictiveCons : Lots of ` long intermissions ' between tasksSlow game , skips from time to timeNo online capability
 I picked this game up a week ago . I saw a video review , some gameplay and it peaked my interest . I really enjoy Animal Crossing , and expected this game would be the same . Some folks had compared the two . The first thing I noticed was incredibly long load screens , and so frequent , it became annoying pretty fast . I ca n't accurately say if that gets any better as the game goes on . It was just too frustrating , and I really could n't get into the game itself.Again , my review is based on first impression , and very little play . I do n't plan on keeping the game . Rent the game before you buy is my best advice .
 My son bought this with birthday money . When he started playing , some things just did n't seem right to me . `` Essences '' and a lady in one of the first buildings that looked like a witch or something . So I searched the internet , and have learned that as part of the game , you can join seances around a ouiji board . I 'm really disappointed in the occult content . The game is rated `` E '' for everyone . I was expecting a fun , kid-friendly game ... not expecting this ...
 I bought this game for $ 30.00 and I must say it was a waste of my money . The graphics were really bad , the boss battles were ok , it is way to short and to easy . The characters all have different abilities but jimmy and timmy have the same special abilities they fly , spongebob can squeeze down to fit in small places , and Danny can turn invisible to phase threw special walls.It is basiclly a shooter and there is no unlockables just it says , when you beat the game , good job you win thats it . Also it has really simple puzzles good for little kids . Over all I am a fan of these cartoon characters and I think it was a bad decision to buy but if you have a little kid who is 6-9 they will love it .
 This game is extreamly fun , but it only has 12 levels . The 12 levels are well designed , with lots of obstacles . They are long and som e are challenging , but my problem with it is that the levels take only 15 minutes each ! So really , you get to play this game for three hours at max . On the last boss , you have an unlimited amount of lives , and every second is a check point . It 's really boring playing the last boss . I could easily advise some other way better games .
 This is the special Preview Version , aka retail packed demo . It only has 5 levels . The full game has 14 . Buy that instead . These details should be posted here but unfortunately most jewel case games have no info listed at all , and most do not need it . This one of those rare cases where the detail is everything .
 You would not believe my disappointment and pure wrath when I completed this `` Special Limited Edition '' CD-ROM of Deus-Ex and it said at the end , `` In Stores Everywhere '' . It did n't specify at all that it was a freaki 'n demo with only the first 5 levels ! What a rip off !! If you are looking to purchase this awesome game and you notice a shrink-wrapped jewel case entitled `` Special Limited Edition
 this is an amazing game.when i played the demo years ago , i was blown away with its gameplay mechanics , music and story.so when i found a cheap version of deus ex on a shelf for ten bucks , i snatched it up and ran away , giggling like only a crazed fanboy would.i blazed through the beginning -LRB- which was what the demo was -RRB- and as the game and plot progressed , i was . . BLOWN AWAYto realize that i 'd only bought an EXTENDED DEMO of Deus Ex.o the horror that i yelled when that little ` buy now ' pane came up ... i now quest for the actual full verson of this amazing , amazing game.if you want to collect every bitpiece of deus ex history , get this , otherwise , buy the real thing .
 WARNING ! This is only an extended demo of the real game . And in no part of the description on amazon , of this game , does it warn us of this fact ... jerks . Unless you only feel like playing the first 5 out of 16 levels , which i highly doubt , DO NOT BUY.Deus Ex is one of my favorite games of all time , so when i decided to go back and play it again , i reveled in this childhood memory and ignored the fact that in the start menu it was listed as `` preview edition '' . That is until i was stopped by the `` Like this game ? Buy it now . '' screen ... I DO ! AND I THOUGHT I JUST DID ! Needless to say i was furious to be stopped just before i reached my favorite part of the game , Hong Kong . I 'm just thankful that my seller was kind enough to refund me for this trash is CD form .
 First of all this verson is not worth $ 33.00 , Maybe $ 5.00 dollars because this game is a extended demo . Bell 's Outlet stores were selling it for six dollars in a duel pack with another game and thats where I got mine -LRB- using for files as my GOTHY is scratched badly -RRB- . Well , thats all I have to report on this item and I hope it helps ypu in ypur quest .
 Really did not like this game . Maybe okay for 5 and under , but the games have preset number of turns and are just a waste of time . Get the Wii Party Games , cheaper and more fun !!!!!!!!!! Some of the games are difficult to figure out how to play . Prizes are as trashy as the real thing . Really felt like I was at the carnival getting ripped off on rigged games ... SO in hind site , if you are trying to practice to actually win rigged games at the carnivals ... this will give you some practice : -RRB-
 I bought this for the family after reading the reviews here . I found it extremely boring watching the kids , and the kids played it once and went back to their other games . It nows sits on the shelf , used once and the kids are n't interested in it at all.IMO , this is a total waste of time , Wii Sports or any of the other Wii games we have belt this lame attempt at entertainment . Do n't waste your money , buy something else , if I could rate it lower than 1 star I would .
 I do n't write many reviews and when I do it 's usually a 5 as I do n't want to waste time on a product I do n't like . Well folks , I 'm doing this one for YOUR benefit.The good : Amazon charged me less that the Retail Stores and got it to me quickly.It 's similar to a real carnival in that most of their games are rip-offs too ... the only difference is a real carnival can be fun!The BAD : Poorly designed interface.Some games you ca n't play in certain modes.During my first attempt to play this game there were 3 people wanting to play . I have 2 controllers -LRB- maybe I 'm the only one in the country who only has two but it was never an issue on any of the Wii Sports or other games as there is no `` simultaneous '' action . -RRB- When I stated I had 3 players and 2 controllers or 1 controller I got the message `` you can not play this game '' . Ridiculous!I 've only had this game a few days and I bought it on a `` friends '' recommendation . My recommendation , SAVE YOUR MONEY !
 I do n't even want to give this game any stars at all . This is the WORST GAME EVER ! You ca n't win at any of the games and all it did was frustrate the hell out of me and my two kids ! I 'm sorry that I even rented it . I wish I could get my $ 4 back . Do n't even bother with this game . It is a waste of time and a waste of money !
 so my wife and i just bought this game for her best friend 's daughter , who is black , and we found that not only could she not use her Mii for this game , but when she tried to create a character , there was no option to create a character other than a Caucasian one . in this day and age that 's unacceptable . besides that , the game is not very fun .
 You ca n't play a course , just one hole at a time . After 20 minutes , it got old . My kid loved the dressup of the golfer , though . For 15 bucks , ok ; for 40 , no way .
 This particular game should not be compatible to play on a Wii console . Unlike Nintendo Wii products , the avitars are not diversified to reflect individuals of all races and colors , which I find very insulting and offensive . I taught my children and grandchildren diversity awareness.After playing the games and finding out that during certain intervvals , the games freeze . The vocals on the games are depicting of negative attitudes , which I refuse to allow my grandchildren to play with it.Take my advice and do n't bother buying this game . I plan on sticking to Nintendo Wii games , even though I found the purchase of Dance Dance Revolution to be entertaining , as well as diversified .
 I actually paid the $ 40 for this game in the store as a surprise for my boyfriend who really wanted it . I thought it might be cool too , but I ended up hating it . He on the other hand , absolutely loves it . I have no idea why . The graphics pretty much suck , the games are either pointless or impossible , it 's not fun AT ALL for a single player and you really want to break the t.v when the carni basically says that you might as well just end your life because you missed an impossible target . The prizes do n't even unlock new games . They are just `` super '' versions of the one you just played . Oh , great , so now I have a new game to get tired of in less than 30 seconds . My friend and I only played it one night because we live in Pennsylvania , hate the cold , and were desperate for SOMETHING to do . We put it on the competition mode and it did keep us busy . Even though it literally went through the same 5 games time after time . This game really is only a last resort for the most desperate boredom . But really just borrow it from a friend who was stupid enough to buy it . Do n't waste your own money .
 Do n't expect the next coming of Wii Sports , as the current ratings would lead you to believe.Just as an example , I 'll compare Carnival Games ' `` Skee Ball '' to Wii Sports ' `` Bowling '' . In Wii Sports , the curve of your swing is taken into account to create spin . In Carnival Games , only velocity is measured . In Wii Sports , you can aim diaganolly in addition to left and right . In Carnival Games , you can only move your character left and right.The experience is pretty shallow , you 'll have a blast at first , but not long after . Some of the games are so frustratingly bad you 'll only play them once , like the ring toss.However , like the positive reviews correctly point out , there are loads of games , there are fun things to do with the Wiimote , and you will have fun playing this game with others . Just do n't expect the depth of Wii Sports - which was n't a deep game to begin with!Overall this is a decent game , worthy of a pickup from the bargain bin , where I 'm sure you 'll find many copies in a month or two .
 We were so excited about getting this game to play with our two young children . We love carnivals and fairs and were thrilled when we finally received the game in the mail . But our excitement quickly ended when we were picking our characters and realized that there was no option for people of color . We are a mixed race family and have two members with brown skin . There is NO option other than white for the characters , which is incredibly distressing for us and I 'm sure others who are not white . We did see a person of color in the game - he was a carnival worker . I think this sets a bad stereotype for children to see . The company should be ashamed of itself .
 my son and I play a lot of games and this is not very interesting for him , as he did n't play it more than a little while when we first recieved it .
 Me and my wife put in this game thinking it would be a fun and easy game to mess around on , but after playing each game on here ... I 'm done with it . It 's not really fun to play let alone play it over and over again . Young children might enjoy this , but it 's not for everyone . It 's a shame because from the reviews I was expecting more , but I think this one will be traded in for something else real soon .
 I purchased this game specifically to play `` Ally Ball '' or as we call it Skee Ball . Using the Wii remote , it was unrealistic & did not feel natural . I was trying to throw the ball as though I was really playing & it would n't work . I tried everything . Flicking my wrist , throwing it like a light bowling ball . Very diappointing . I tried a few of the other games too & they felt unnatural too . To make the game work I had to use the Wii remote in a way that was nothing like you would play the game in real life . I plan to give away or re-sell this game .
 I have been meaning to do a video review for this . But time is short and it is sliding by.Looking at the Wii ad you would think this game is going to be great fun at parties.Erhhh nope . This game either has controls that are too sensitive making the game impossible or too vague making you wonder what the point is.Usually I can pull something positive out , but really this game just ticked me off as yet another lame attempt to harness the wii controller.Save your money and pass on this one .
 This is the type of game that would be good to rent bad to buy . It is fun once or twice but past that it does not maintain any interest . I have pulled it out a couple of times for parties but after one game everyone is asking for something else . If you are looking for intense action that fully uses the UI of the Wii this is not the game for you .
 I loved the concept of this game - to string together the wide variety of mini games you find at an old-style carnival . Sadly , this game falters in the execution . Some games are very intuitive while others require clumsy combinations of aiming , locking and less than natural movements.Also , none of the ` charm ' of Nintendo 's Wii executions are present here - no use of Miis ; easy and natural customization of characters ; smooth , intuitive flows of motion to make the games work - there 's none of that here.Too bad - a great idea only marginally well executed . Suggest you rent first .
 If the controls for wii sports -LRB- comes with the console -RRB- get an ` A ' for being easy and intuitive , then the Carnival controls get an ` F ' . The concept is good , but when it comes to the gameplay , it is totally ruined by the interface . You will be disappointed if you buy this game ; i 'm surpised it is rated so highly .
 Hello , i have only the wii system so i will say that first.I bought this game based on reviews here and a few other places . I wanted a game for the family . I felt it was a bit lacking - the game ideas were good , however the game play was a bit awkward . The motions you had to do for some of them were very awkward , and difficult to perform . The real problem i found with the game was that the games themselves were too simplistic and not engaging enough . They were basically actual carnival games like from a real carnival , only the wii controller took away that real-world feel ; it is fun to throw stuff into cups at a carnival but to get your hands into that motion , which is at best difficult , was tiresome.While it has points for being multiplayer , the games themselves were not terribly satisfying . Winning or losing did n't feel much different from each other . The other multiplayer game from wii that was good - Wii sports which i got with the wii system , i think is a good comparison . Those games were longer , and at the end you could ` win ' and feel good about winning and beating the other players . This game , felt like you won - and . . ? sum up
 For some reason , we could n't activate additional WII remotes once this game was started . Not sure if this is an overall problem or an us-specific problem . We had to open up another game to activate all four remotes , then move over to this game.Fun because you can choose specific games to play alone or with up to 4 people , or play a pre-determined set of 7 games in a tournament format .
 my grandkids -LRB- 3 total -RRB- did not really play with this much . They only found a couple games that would hold their attention for a few minutes and after one night of playing with it ... they never played it again .
 We enjoyed most of the games . The graphics were good but the games were far from challenging . I would think twice before paying the list price for this game .
 I bought this because of the 4star review . Unfortunately - this game is not that much fun . The games are familiar , but the controls are difficult at best , and frustrating at worst . I would say save your money.At least the single player mode allows you to pick your games . Maybe I am missing something , but the multi-player game dictates your play and is irritating . Just our opinion .
 I 've only ever purchased mini-game titles for the wii and about half have been disappointments and this is one of them . It offers a bunch of games and half are playable more than a few times . Had they just focused on 8-10 classic carnival games and really developed the interaction and playability , this probably would have been a better game . Instead its just a bunch of games that most people will soon tire of . Maybe small children would enjoy it , but kind of a bore for teens and older .
 We received a few new games for the Wii this Christmas , and while some were great , this was the biggest disappointment to all of us . Users in our household are ages 7 , 10 , 13 , 15 , and two parents . It is a rare day when we all agree , but we did - no one liked this game . The visuals were gaudy and ugly and the games were either too easy or difficult to the point that no one wanted to keep trying . We expected fun games that all could play . Instead we got a game that will be quickly traded in for something worthwhile . I wish it could get 0 stars , because that 's what I would rate it !
 I was very excited to get this game as I have 2 kids who love to play games on our new Wii . The reviews made it too hard to pass up for the price , but I have been very dissappointed . First , its extremely hard to find any games unless you have the booklet on hand to find out which heading each game is found under . The games are not listed anywhere on the game that I can find , so you have to refer back to the booklet each time you want to change games . The directions for each game are a joke . We spent most of the first hour figuring out where to locate each game and how to play the game , then once we figured it out , the games werent really fun , even for my 6 yr old.We opened this up , popped it in , messed around for about an hour or so and put it away unhappy and have not played with it anymore.Others seem to have liked this game according to the reviews , but my family has not gotten any enjoyment out of it at all .
 Controls are iffy , and in some cases bad . Silly/useless `` prizes '' . Ca n't use Mii -LRB- have to make a new character , just so you can win prizes to outfit them -RRB- . Wildly variable toughness in the games - many are simply pure luck -LRB- ok , that 's not too out of character , but usually there 's at least the * illusion * of skill mattering in a carnival -RRB- or simply do n't work well . Poor graphics.I may never bother trying all the games after trying out 10 or so . Worst
 This game goes like this ... - Select a game , - Wait 30 seconds for game to load , - Play for 30 seconds , - Wait 30 seconds for `` prizes '' , - Wait 30 seconds for game to load ... There is a lot of waiting and not much playing . And when you do finally get to play , either you ca n't figure it out because it 's not intuitive or the playability is awful.Save your money . No wait , wait , wait , keep waiting , wait a little more , almost just keep waiting , dang you 're still waiting ! ... ok now save your money .
 Do not buy this game . Not only is it super cheaply made but the game almost never registers your movement . This game is n't worth $ 2 . Save your money , I 'm embarrassed I bought it .
 I am quite surprised this game has so many good reviews . I bought it recently thinking it would be a big hit with my kids . Well , I practically have to beg them to even play it at all , just to make me feel like I did n't waste $ 40 totally.Where to start ? The games are not intuitive to play like many Wii games . It 's frustrating to try to toss a ball or dart in a carnival game and not be able to do it without hitting the right buttons . The games are very limited in scope -- most have nothing beyond the one simple action to do -- shoot a duck , throw a basketball , pop a balloon . Once you master that , you 're pretty bored . There is little incentive to get better . The `` prizes '' are basically small pictures of a prize . The biggest prices make some sort of noise and can be turned around -- major thrill ! I think of things like the trophies in Smash Brothers which really seem almost like toys you can touch . The games are not tied together with the feel of a real carnival -- they are just reached by signposts of their category , and the categories do n't make a lot of scene . I thought you would be able to wander around a virtual carnival , but no such luck . Many of the game 's features are confusing . For example , when we tried to play a two player game , it took us forever to figure out how to use two controllers and not just pass one back and forth -- you have to turn around a sign to do that , and it 's not well explained . Two player mode is pretty much just playing the same game with alternating turns , and you get no prizes or tickets in two player.The main game my kids wanted most to try was the Skeeball type one . It was hard to control and not very fun -- in keeping with the rest of the game.I give the game 2 stars as it 's an interesting concept , and a few games were mildly fun for a while -- balloon pop and duck shooting to name them ! Overall , I felt cheated and bored by the game , as did my kids . I really wonder why all the reviews are so good .
 Not a big hit with this family . It caught attention for a minute and now is in the bottom of a drawer somewhere .
 i hate this game we thought it would be a good game for christmas but its just horrible . the controls and games are just plain boring . The gameplay doesnt even compare to an actual carnival.i would never recommend this game to anyone . its just plain boring .
 To borrow a word from my kids ... boring . This game is just not that interesting . I 've played it and my kids ages 6 and 8 hardly touch it . Wish we had spent our money on something else .
 This game is not very fun at all . My kids do n't even enjoy it . Probably the biggest problem with the game is that it is not easy to control . Very hard for kids to figure out . Cover makes it look fun ... Description makes it look fun ... Wii play and wii sports are more fun than this .
 Bought this game on the reviews.I like the midway games and they triedto make it similar and they missed.It does have some fun aspects to itbut all in all a c - game.Some games you can not use a shared controller.Others are very awkward to play.If the price is right it could makefor party game for your guests
 I thought this game would continue the fun and enjoyment of Wii Sports or Wii Play with various Carnival mini-games . It turned out be very confusing and hard to use . For example , we could not use the second Wii remote for player 2 and had to keep swapping the first remote between players . The backgound music is annoying and drives you crazy after a while . I also do not understand why they make you create your own player characters instead of using your existing Mii 's . The kids asked me turn it off after 20 minutes so they could play something else . Very disappointing and not worth $ 50 .
 This reminds me of the time I went to the carnival all those years ago for my eighth birthday . The ferris wheel was broken , the roller coaster went at a snail 's pace , and the hot dog I ate made me vomit all over my mom -LRB- true story -RRB- . This is a collection of mini-games for the Wii , set in a carnival . That sounds like fun , does n't it ? With over 25 mini-games , you 'd think this game would be a decent purchase . You 'd be wrong . Of the games I played -LRB- and I played all but two -RRB- , half of them played completely broken -LRB- football throw -RRB- , another fourth had decent gameplay but completely mindless -LRB- ring toss -RRB- , and one-fourth of the games had some fun elements to them -LRB- balloon darts -RRB- . The `` customizable options '' at the beginning of the game will make you yearn for your Miis , and the graphics are nothing to write home about . I would n't reccomend this to anyone except someone who has absolutely no other party game to buy .
 I do n't see how anyone could rate this 5 stars . We rented this game for my 5 year old and the entire family grew bored of in within a few minutes . It even makes you create a new cahracter for yourself -LRB- does n't let you use a Mii -RRB- .
 Most of the games are very hard . For example , in dunk tank , insted of aming you wait for a target to hit the right spot , and then you throw . Also , the games get kind of boring after you play them all twice .
 Based on all the positive reviews , I really wanted to like this game . It 's just that this game is completely shallow and mediocre at best . It was moderately entertaining for about the first 30 minutes or so and then gets extremely dull after that . On top of it all , you are awarded `` virtual '' prizes . That 's pretty lame unless you 're extremely bored or a tyke .
 Carnival Games has more than 20 minigames , each of which are pretty fun . But , they get dull quickly . You figure out the motions and timing you need and thereafter it 's too easy to beat the games . The only benefit to this game once you have it down is that you can beat your friends ! But , the control use is awkward ; for most minigames , you have to take turns playing the game alone . My husband is very impatient , so one round of this game was too much waiting around for him to handle . I would suggest that you rent this game sometime when you have people over , but since it lacks replayability , I do n't suggest buying it.Other notes
 With so many games out there , I try to go by the ratings.First , the games were slow to go then not very easy to use and reaction times were very slow and hard to use . I have to admit , they put a lot of work into this but not worth it at all.Maybe I 'm new to the Wii but after all the work , why do you have to create a new Mii for this game . That sucks!Can ' t take it back so hopefully a good Ebay item !
 I purchased this game because I thought my 4 & 7 year olds would enjoy it . All three of us found the games pretty tedious and boring . There 's more to making your character than there is to the various games.Try Mario Karts or Wipeout for more action , adventure , and fun .
 We received this game as a gift . This game is not for everyone . These games are difficult to play and it seems to cheat . The commentator is verbally mean . If you 're not good at the game , he 'll let you know . My daughter becomes very frustrated with this game . Most of the characters in the game are Caucasian . You 're avatar choices are only Caucasian . Not pleased with this game .
 The game is not very entertaining for any age group . My child whose 7 lost focus after trying a couple of the games .
 You 'd think this is a shoo-in game for the Wii . The Wii remote seems perfectly suited to playing carnival games as if you 're really at the carnival.Until you remember how boring carnival games really are . At the real carnival , the reason you do n't play until you 're bored is that you run out of money quickly . Here , it takes only a half hour to an hour to tire of this title . There 's nothing new here ; no twists or ideas to make the games unique and interesting . The only unusual thing is that the characters running the game booths are all gloriously clean and attractive , with apparently full sets of teeth.And things do n't go right in the games , either . While throwing the rings in the bottle-ring toss , for example , where you aim seems to have very little effect on where you throw.The delays you have to go through to get from game to game are maddening . I mean , there 's very little to navigate , yet it takes too long to get through it . This game is only exceeded by Mario Party 8 in its ability to irritate the player through unwanted delays . An interesting similarity is that Mario Party 8 is also based around a circus/carnival theme.So no . The only reason I gave it 2 stars is that it is appropriate for younger children , even if they 'll quit playing it after one week .
 Carnival GamesTHIS GAME WAS NOT A CARNIVAL TO PLAY . WHEN I TRIED TO PLAY THIS GAME I COOULD N'T USE MYREMOTE . A PICTURE APPEARED SHOWING A REMOTE FLIPPING BACK AND FORTH , SO MEAN WHILEI HAVE LOST ALL CONTROL OF MY REMOTE . NOW EVERYBODY ELSE CAN USE THEIR REMOTE , EXCEPT MYREMOTE IS THE ONLY ONE IDLE , AND THIS HAPPENS EVERY SINGLE TIME I PLAY THIS GAME.I DO N'T KNOW WHAT TO DO . I JUST STOPPED PLAYING CARNIVAL GAMES ALL TOGETHER.THIS GAME WAS A WASTE OF MONEY!FRUSTRATED
 I had wanted this game since it came out and I finally decided to buy it this past week . It was not worth the money . The variety of games are just alright . Not that fun . The graphics are bad . I do n't know what the point of the game is besides winning pointless prizes . I have a three year old and the some of the games are a bit advanced for him but he does n't like the game anyway .
 Found out after playing this , it was n't what we wanted . It 's aimed more at the younger generation -LCB- we 're in our mid 50 's -RCB- . We traded it for Wii International Winter Sports.It would be a good one for kids .
 I do not understand how this game lets you edit a person but you can not change the skin tone of your character . You can have fairytale elephant feet and ridiculous antler horns but you can ony play as a caucasion person . It is the 21st century and this game still has not gotten with the program.At first I shrugged it off unitl I started noticing the ring leader was always white and the carni who had to work the booths was black ; in every game though . the only black people in the games are carni rode people . So they did have the technology to create people of color but chose to only feature them as modern day slaves !!! If I had not bought this racist game used from Game stop I would have taken it back the same day .
 This is the worst game I 've ever played . i thought it would be good for get togethers and it is horrible . DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 Not a fan of this game . The menus are not intuitive and therefore the games are very difficult to navigate -- you have to pick a `` section '' of the park to go to but there is no indication of what sections house which games.Then once you are playing the games ... they are ... underwhelming at best.It 's nice & tame game for little kiddos but really uninspired and ... well ... boring .
 Bought it to play with the wife and kids . Ca n't play it nearly as easily as many other titles . Poorly laid out , non-intuitive game play . And the set design -LRB- redneck -RRB- is just crass
 I was very excited to get this game , especially so that my friends and I had something to play other than Wii Sports . We popped the disc and many of the games certainly seemed like fun . Unfortunately , the game constantly freezes , requiring me to restart the Wii by holding down the power button -LRB- the Reset button will not work -RRB- . It always happens either when I 'm choosing an area to go to -LRB- like Rodent Way , Fortune Way , etc. -RRB- or when I 'm quitting a game to go back to the area I was in . Sometimes there is a loud screeching noise , which is n't pleasant on the ears.Overall , the games are fun to play ... when they work . But the constant freezing means that this game is going back to Amazon .
 Being an adult gamer I found this game to be a bit boring and too repetitive as many game are quite similar to one another . Then having my nieces play -LRB- age 7 & 9 -RRB- they found the games too difficult and had a hard time staying interested . It 's an ok game but over priced for the amount of time actually spent playing and it seems like the appropriate age group that will truly enjoy it is hard to pin down .
 Based largely on the previous positive reviews on Amazon , I picked this title up . I was in for a negative surprise . The controls are difficult to pick up and very arbitrary , the game crashes at random points -LRB- definite game problem , my wii has a lot of mileage and has only crashed on this game -RRB- and even when you 've `` mastered '' the controls , the game really is n't even that fun . It forces you to create your own character with their weak character design application -LRB- why not just import the miis ? or let people quick start as guest ? too easy ? -RRB- . There are plenty of other good minigame games out there for the Wii -LRB- Rayman Raving Rabbids & WarioWare , to name the better ones -RRB- and plenty of other great games either out or coming out on the Wii -LRB- Mario Galaxy , Metroid , Zelda , RE4 , Zack & Wiki , Medal of Honor
 I bought this game with our new wii . IN a nutshell it 's slow and borring . Were family type gamers , with a 7 year old girl . It 's not interesting enough . Playground is a much better choice it 's rated E and is action packed . We rented and have played non-stop for hours . Hope this is helpfull I was shocked at the good rating carnival received .
 What a great idea
 I was expecting carnival type games without the sleazy carnival cheating to keep you from winning the game . It is cumbersome to move from game to game . First you have to select an alley to visit , then you pick a game , then you have to listen to instructions on how to play . I 'm not that patient . You can create you own on screen person but you can only be white , at least when you first start the game . I would not recommend unless your are trying to get you kids to read more .
 I played around in this for about 1/2 hour one evening . I did n't have that much fun and have n't played again since . I had a hard time getting the remote to work well with the games . It seemed a little off.Now wii sport and wii fit keep me entertained and I play those alot .
 I was n't impressed with this f ame and honestly if I could find a way to get rid of it I would in a heart beat
 Seems like a lot of people really like this game , but I do n't care for it.Takes a long time to master controls , but no real pay off once you do , becuase the games are not that interesting.Weak character designSlow to start and change gamesI DO like other short , mini-game style games on the Wii , including Rayman Rabbids -LRB- 1 and 2 -RRB- , Wario Ware , and even Wii Play.Since there seems to be a real split in reviews , I suggest people to rent/borrow/buy used to avoid a let down .
 I saw the five-star reviews here , and so I decided to give Carnival Games a try.Boy was I disappointed . There are quite a few mini-games , but only a select few are fun to play - the rest are frustrating . Most of them are very finicky , and the animation is quite sub-par . Unlike Wii Play Games , Carnival Games lack replayability.Do yourself a favor - rent it first .
 The controls are NOT ACCURATE . I ca n't adjust my aim . The movements are limited . As a result , a lot of times , I lost because of the control not because of my skill . Most of the games play almost the same . For example , you either throw balls , or throw rings . It 's boring . Circus Games is much better .
 First of all I bought the wii version and the ds version at the same time could n't decide what one to buy . Love the ds version . If you like games with chance and very hard to control . By all means buy this game.very cheaply made . played 30 minutes done forever . Wanted the game so I bought it should have bought from amazon out $ 30 dollars . :-LRB- Very disappointed . Ca n't say much for this game . It is a hit and miss game . Wish I could be more helpful . Could have been better . save yoour money and buy wii sports resorts if you like Mini games .
 I purchased this game for my family based on the reviews on this site and I must say that I am very disappointed with this game . My family and I enjoyed games like Wii play and Wii sports and believed this game to be the same based on the reviews on this site . However , this game was a major let down . With this game your characters are limited . In fact , you can not create ethnic characters only caucasian ones . Apart from that , the only games that my family and I enjoyed were skee-ball , hoops and the power hit game ... . I plan on taking this lame game back to the GameStop first thing tomorrow and exchanging it for the `` PlayGround '' game ... For all those who are considering purchasing this game know this , if you enjoyed Wii play or Wii sports -- This game does not compare ... . If `` PlayGround '' is as lame as the `` Carnival '' game is , I will be sure to leave my remarks concerning that game as well ...
 This game was a great concept . However , the execution of these games was poor . The controls all feel very `` uncontrolable '' , as if this was another poorly done port.Also , some games like ` Nerves of Steel ' will have you shouting in frustration as the ring glitches and forces you to drop it . Usually when this happens the ring will glitch around and sometimes become completely stuck.Other games also have this aiming system which is almost completely useless . Usually the distance of the thing you are throwing , whether it be a ball or a ring , is judged completely by how fast you flick the remote . The problem is the game has trouble registering softer flicks and it usually ends up overshooting if you flick too fast . With all of this combined , it rarely goes anywhere near where you aimed.There are also a few games in single player that cost a ton of tickets and either give you less tickets then you spent to play the game or worse , no tickets at all.This would be a great game if things were just executed a lot better . It gets a two overall for the concept but by the end you feel like you just spent a day at a carnival with an abundance of schemes to make sure you lose .
 I think I loved Rayman too much to get into this one . I was expecting it to be faster , something new , and exciting , kind of like Rayman or the mini games on Wario Smooth Moves . If you like the games at the carnival then you will probably like this one . I thought it was addicting but at the same time it was boring . Maybe I was expecting the games to have a new twist to the traditional games at the real carnival , but not so . I did not like the fact that you can not use your mii and that the characters are all Caucasian . I do not look anything like the options that I had .
 DO NOT BUY CARNIVAL GAMES !!!!!!!!! I GOT THIS LAME GAME FOR CHRISTMASIT INVOLVES RUDE CLOWNSLAME GAMESNOT HUMANLY POSSIBLE TO WIN GAMESAND SIMULAR AND BORING GAMESTHE THIRD TIME I PLAYED THIS IT FROZE MY WIII STILL HAVE N'T FIXED ITI WANT A REFUND !!!!!!!!!! DO N'T BUY THIS GAME EVER!DONT DARE TO PLAY IT EVEN IF ITS GIVEN OUT FOR FREE IF YOU WANT TO HAVE A WORKING WIIINSANELY MAD ,
 Another selection of Ho-Hum mini games . These should be called micro-mini games as your turn is over with so fast , then it 's a stop down . To me , this is Wii 's biggest downfall . Too many mini games with way too much stop down . While there are over 25 games in here , you spend 2/3 of your time just moving between menu 's and game loading and only 1/3 playing . The games are almost all pure dumb luck too , which I guess is pretty much how all carnival games are , but just not as much fun throwing virtual coins at plates and virtual rings at bottles , etc. . Great idea for a fun interactive game , just poorly executed .
 They need to come out with more games like this , its not too bad . It is a little monotonous at times , and the game in itself is a little too short . But , if you like these type of games , you will like this one . One suggestion ; rent before you buy !
 Slow moving , clunky game . It was hard getting started . Maybe it gets better after you play it , but it was just too tedious for me .
 I 'm a fan of the show , of science , and not a big gamer at all , so this seemed like a perfect game for me . However , it was disappointing , especially considering how good it could have been.My biggest complaint is how slow-paced the whole game is . It takes forever to load and save and the actual games take forever to do because you have to go from one scene to another ad nauseam.Also : - music got repetitive and annoying-Catherine 's voice ! argh ! - there are still some glitches in the program , where it freezes , or repeats , or you can only click on a piece of evidence from a certain angle , even though you can see it from a different angle-several of the character 's faces and even houses look alike - lazy-the `` bonuses '' are a complete let-downI do hope they learn from their mistakes and make an improved CSI Wii game , because I would love to play it .
 The last CSI game I played was on the PC - CSI
 The game lists windows XP as MINIMUM requirement , but it will not work in the newer version Windows 7 . The CD will install and self-extract all of its files , but it will not run . Also , if you want to update the game , you need to find a dynamic library link that does not exist in Windows 7 , but apparently did in XP . I downloaded that dll and was able to run the update program from the CD , which told me that there were no updates . However , I still can not run the game . The game 's maker , play at joes , is no help . The support email address that is given on the website for Play at Joe 's is not a valid email address . There is an online form to fill out with questions for download support , if the game was downloaded and not purchased on CD , but they do not respond once a question is submitted . This game is not worth buying if you think you may have some technical difficulties -LRB- which it seems most people do of one kind or another -RRB- . The company who produces this game will not support you in any way !
 I am addicted to Sudoku , play online a lot and buy the books . This was my first CD purchase and I am very disappointed in it.First , you ca n't just type in the numbers , you have to click on a number on the side of the grid and then click on a square to put it there . It 's a very slow way to play and distracting . It 's especially annoying as I keep forgetting to click the number and end up putting the wrong number in the grid . I suppose with more play I would get used to it , but I 'm not really sure I want to bother.Second , Sudoku grids need to have clean lines and be easy to read , and this is n't . I spend far too long trying to locate the numbers I have already entered . This does n't happen with the online games I have played.I think it must be a memory hog as it runs quite slowly and jerkily at times , my mouse overshooting a square quite frequently . Maybe someone with a newer computer would n't have this problem.There 's also no way to reset the statistics or edit users , or to pause a game so the timer stops while you answer the phone , etc.It does have some good points , lots of games and several different levels , but overall I was very disappointed .
 The installation is slow for such a small simple game as it goes through some sort of verification procedure in which it told me I had errors but loaded anyway . Once I was playing the game it 's slow going because you do have to click on the actual number to input it . I did n't have grid line problems like the other reviewer but I found it hard to focus because of the way it highlights both row and column per axis point . It 's disconcerting if you are n't used to thinking about the grid that way . The hint feature is n't a hint it 's more like it will just do it for you . Also you ca n't get rid of the hint 's input . So if you thought it would give you options or highlight a row or column then think again.My main complaint however is that it will not allow you to play it without having the original CD in the drive . No matter what . I like to play music in my CD drive while playing games but I guess in their quest to make sure no one cheats them out of one cent my music or any other use I have for the CD drive is just not important . I feel totally ripped off by the company and will attempt to return the game . It got one star because you can actually play the game .
 This set of games were all toghether the worst games I havebought . It contains Su-27 flanker , Team Apache , Steel Panthers III , and Peoples General . It was an exceptional deal for the amount of games in the pack but the quality was , well plain and simple , sucky . The grapics on Su-27 Flanker were sucky maybe running at the speed 386 computer . Steel Panthers and Peoples General are about the suckeist strategy games I 've ever incountered . I only exception to the game pack was Team Apache . I highly discourage anyone from buying this game pack and advise looking for a diffrent game . END
 I had high hopes for capcom after their BN3 masterpiece . I really did . I played this game with high anticipation ... and was let down so hard I did n't even finish it.Why?The worst , THE . WORST . was the Shademan mini games . I about threw my GBA at the wall . NEVER make it so TEDIOUS to do something as simple as that ! -LRB- Ca n't spoil it -RRB- . The music is ... it definitely has a theme , and it sounds interesting at times , but for the most part I did n't like it . Personal preference there.The map designer was on crack and decided to make a huge # sign -LRB- with more lines -RRB- as a map , so it takes forever to find the right way unless you ALWAYS memorize the entire map . It is very difficult to navigate.The soul system is confusing . The style system was very simple and while it took a long time to change , it worked.I had high hopes for this game ... Shademan 's mini game -LRB- and yes , it is early in the game -RRB- was the end of it . The plot was ... less than believable either .
 Let me start off by saying that I loved this series ever since the third one . I ca n't comment prior to three because I 've only tried the first and dabbled in the second . -LRB- On a side note , this review contains minor spoilers for both three and four . Nothing major , but you have been warned . -RRB- Three -LRB- White -RRB- was just amazing . Its only flaws were a slight abundance of boring missions and quest-specific chips and programs . The campy , childish story did n't appeal to me , but I 'm 17 . I did n't play the games for their storyline . I played three to its conclusion , got four stars , and built several folders . I 'm no stranger to the series . I reviewed the game based on my experience with three , so I had high expectations . Needless to say , Capcom shot down my dreams and jumped on them until they were just a distant memory . You big meanies.Flaw # 1 - Folder construction : I liked three because of the folders you could build . You , as an operator , had endless freedom to build whatever type you wanted . Four shot that down . First off , it is damn near impossible to find good chips . Not only are most of the chips udderly useless , but they only come in three codes . Not only does this screw over variety , but it makes it impossible to put together like-coded folders ! but wait , there 's more . Now , you can only have one of a P.A. in a single folder . Let me explain . In three , I had a brilliantly designed LifeSword folder , in E code . I tried re-creating that folder , so I put 4 LifeSword Y 's in there . I did it once , and I was happy . So far , so good . I tried LifeSword again , but got only the separate chips -LRB- Sword Y , WideSword Y , LongSword Y -RRB- in that order . Needless to say , I was very put out . Do n't even get me started on DarkChips , which I 'll cover in the Navi Customization flaw section.Flaw # 2 - Repetitiveness : I liked three because the game was nice and long , for my playing habits , and there was plenty of stuff to do at the end , after you beat Bass and Alpha . In four , after you beat Duo , you get to go through the game again - FROM THE ABSOLUTE BEGINNING ! TRAINING AND ALL ! You get your chips and programs from the end of the last game , but the only change is that now the enemy navis and viruses are a touch tougher . I thought things would get better , so I beat difficulty level 2 , hoping to God that I would n't get the same thing . I did n't get the same thing . What I did get was the same thing , only a little harder . I stamped my foot , nearly breaking it in the process , and sat down to play it AGAIN . Once more , Capcom breaks my heart . The manual said nothing about playing it a FOURTH time . This time , there was no change in difficulty , only that I had collected all the souls and junk . At this point , I played through about fifteen minutesof it and handed it to my little brother in frustration . I went back to three.Flaw # 3 - Degree of polishing : I realize that the game was translated from Japanese to English , and things are n't always perfect , but my God ! Not only are there blatant grammatical errors , but people 's portraits in the dialog windows are switched around ! I did n't get through ten minutes of the game before I found errors . I 'm going to college for English , for crying out loud!Flaw # 4 - Navi Customization : I loved three for its ability to let the operator configure MegaMan for whatever playing style or folder he/she wanted . It would even attempt to do it for you ! If a player relied on the MegaBuster for the first part of the game , up until the BubbleMan part , their style would change from normal to GutsStyle , which would give substantial boosts to the MegaBuster and defensive abilities . For no extra charge , you get a random element ! Regretably , you ca n't choose the element , but that 's life.In four , not only are styles and elements removed , but you get an absolutely absurd excuse for a substitution
 I just bought the red sun version the other day and I am somewhat disappointed . Ok , I love the soul unison but they took away navi chips and style changes which I also loved . There are only 6 souls available in each version but you have to play through the entire game multiple times just to get them all.The customizer is back , but you have to wait a while before you get to use it.They made the game completely random so each time you play through it , the storyline will be different which is cool . They made the generic navis actually battle instead of just sending viruses to attack you which is pretty cool . However , the game seems to have less battles with navis and more of the tedius running around looking for data or people or whatever . When I read that this game would be surrounding a tournament , I was quite excited . I thought this game would have tons of navi battles to experience . Instead , all I find myself doing is running all around cyberspace and the towns . : - -LRB- I just wish CapCom would come out with a MMBN game that was all / mostly battling -LRB- Battle Chip Challenge does n't count since the battle scheme is totally different and turn based -RRB- .
 i guess `` in harm 's way '' is n't on here yet or is n't released yet , but i 'll write a review for the demo anyway.things start out looking good , with a cool briefing and intelligence report about how you have to protect this national security advisor in the middle east . but as soon as the gameplay starts , you realize something really quick - THIS GAME SUCKS . the character control is an absolute joke compared to any FPS game coming out now . . or hell , even compared to the sims 2 , it 's a joke . you ca n't crouch , your guy moves like a block of wood . you step outside and there 's a bunch of middle eastern terrorists shooting at you . you die really easily . not that you 'll care , because the shooting action is generic as can be . the terrorists all look the same , and even if it 's accurate , i found mowing down a bunch of `` towelheads '' is a bit offensive . maybe some republicans out there will get a kick out of it . it 's amazing that they 've created a THIRD game in this series , and it 's still godawful . i guess companies will do anything to make a few bucks .
 I tried Sword of the New World -LRB- SotNW -RRB- , because , basically , I prefer games , either multiplayer or single-player , that have hireable or recruitable minions so that you can ALWAYS play even when you can not always find other live players to quest with . Need a healer or a tank to help out your mage ? Just bring one or two henchman/NPCs along with you.Thus , the multi-character feature of SotNW was appealing to me . However , I was unimpressed with this game . My first reaction to the game was
 This is supposed to be a Christmas present so it 's hard to say how much fun the kids think it is . I checked it -LRB- before I put it into storage to be wrapped later -RRB- and it seemed to work well . Hopefully the kids will like it .
 Does not work with psp 2000 or psp slim whatever you want to call it . Does not fit the speaker plug or power plug . Got it for ten bucks new at gamestop . I use it to display my psp .
 I like the stand but the volume level is just not loud enough . I would suggest trying another product
 This product is noted that it will work in a Mac . It might work in the older versions but it will NOT work in the new Intel based machines . -LRB- We tried in a laptop that is only 4 months old -RRB- That should be noted in the description of the product .
 I bought this game for my Gamecube after finishing Need for speed most wanted . I was looking for another good racing game . I read a few reviews and figured I would give this one a try.I bought the game , brought it home , and started playing . I only played for about 5 minutes before I was so disgusted that I immediatley shut it off . I could not believe they charged me money for a game this retarded.When you first start up the game , you 'll here the Pole Position theme from the Atari game systems . I know that makes me sound really old , but that is the best comparison I can think of for this game . Take the old pole position game , change the cars from indy cars to rice burners , and update the scenery to look somewhat like a city , and you 've got SRS racing.The handling is horrible . -LRB- Pole Position -RRB- The graphics are nothing to shout about.The parts selection is slim.Why did n't anyone warn me about this game before I wasted hard earned money on it.In conclusion , save your money for a game that is worth it , unless you think 1970 's video game technology is worth it . Even if you do , go buy one of the $ 15 plug and play joysticks from walmart to get a better quality game .
 Though I admit the premise is intriguing , and the atmosphere is spooky as hell , there is very little real substance to the game , and I 'm not sure why I continue to play these Silent Hill titles . Lots of walking around whacking these creatures with a plank of wood ... That 's not my idea of fun gaming , and I find it disappointing that in some ways Silent Hill has set the standard for survival horror lower than it should be . They all pale in comparison to other games in the genre like Fatal Frame , Resident Evil , and Clocktower .
 You hear is Konami destroying this once proud franchise . I suffered through this game out of my dedication to the series alone , and the only thing that horrified me was that I continued to play it . Damn you Konami . Damn you .
 SH 4 the worst in the series if you want a good survival horror game go out and buy RE 4 that game is worth 100 if not 50 bucks Sh 4 is only worth a measly penny ...
 I dont think im even shure that is from the silenthill series.This game is confusing and it gets sortof boring.You might like this one if you like walking around never finding any thing realy diferent from the same floating in bodyments that hurt you when they touch you?i rented it and hated it .
 Remember back in the previous SHs where you could actually KILL the evil demons/monster/mutants that were terrifying you?Remember that sense of pride you felt when you dealt the death blow to some hideous looking monstrosity bent on ripping you to shreds?Well no more.Through the magic of game programmers that have no life and love to use every dirty trick in the book and call it a `` challenge '' , we are given this terrible back end stink of the SH series.I ca n't believe how naive some of the younger gamers are buying into this . This is n't a challenge ; it 's just cheating when you ca n't even fight back and kill your enemies AKA Ghosts.I know I 've heard all the talk about the `` magical sword '' that will seal away the ghosts.First of all , I 'm wanting to play SILENT HILL not ZELDA!Save all that magical poop for some other foo foo game.Stick with the guns blazing , knives slashing and clubs bashing.Second , there are only 5 of the mentioned swords in the game and two of them are for bosses.Also alot of the weapons in SH4 are breakable.I guess Konami wanted to make it more realistic ... which I guess explains the whole magical sword thing ... whatever.I do n't even need to get into how dumb the whole `` go back and put your items from your limited inventory into the amazing trunk that can hold everything '' is.When there 's a fair challenge , I 'll take it ; like SH 1-3 . This is more like an extension of a level in Castlevania64
 I 'm a big fan of the `` Silent Hill '' series , so when this game came out I was very excited ... until I played it . I thought the concept sounded cool and that the changes would be an improvement . Boy , was I wrong . It is extremely slow , repetitive and where the other games in the series kept me on the edge of my seat , this one put me to sleep.The inventory system is a total pain , because if you do n't have the right item at the time , then you have to travel back to the apartment , then back through the hole . Then if you ever want to save , once again you have to travel back through the hole to the apartment , then back through the hole again . I was soo sick and tired of traveling through the hole.And to top it off , I found myself extremely happy whenever I got through one idiotic world after another , only to discover there 's only about five worlds and after you go through them once , guess what , you have to go through them again , as if the first time was n't painful enough . Talk about a lack of originality.I also thought the villain was stupid , two dimensional and stereotypical -LRB- at least in appearance -RRB- . They also lost elements that made the earlier games so good ... for one Silent Hill itself . The plot of the story takes like one little news clipping from Silent Hill 2 and tries to turn it into a full-blown twisted story , which is neither interesting or remotely plausible , even for Silent Hill.Also , I 'm sorry , but what is with the shemale burping -LRB- or I should say belching -RRB- nurse things ? Or possessed wheelchairs trying to tackle you ??? I mean , c'mon !! I read somewhere that this game was n't originally intended to even be a Silent Hill game -LRB- and it shows -RRB- , but they figured they 'd make more money if they turned it into a Silent Hill game . Why mess with a good thing ? The previous Silent Hill games had a formula that worked , why change it ? Had it been marketed as something other than Silent Hill , it would have still been a bad game , but putting it in the same category as Silent Hill , made the fall even bigger.All I can say is that change is n't bad ... except in this case . I would n't even waste my time renting this one .
 Like fox mulder , I wanted to believe . While I 'd enjoyed the previous entries in the series on many levels , I could see that there was resident-evil-esque stagnation looming on the horizon . Team Silent took a chance , and decided to mix up the game play.Now , I 'm all for innovation , but this game is a wonderful study in how to take a great concept , rush it , and make it , at best , mediocre.The protagonist sounds like he 's spent all his free time shooting up thorazine , as his emotional reactions are limited to a weakly uttered , milquetoast `` what the hell ? '' . Since this character is our conduit to this world , there 's almost no emotional attachment to what happens to him on screen.One of the brilliant points of the previous games was the plot , which led us from the mostly plausible -LRB- if not only slightly off-kilter -RRB- , gradually into the creepy , macabre , frightening , and genuinely disturbing . Silent Hill 4 eschews this , and basically heads full tilt , yee-HAW , into just wierd stuff ... which again , removes a subtle , but effective -LRB- and important -RRB- connection to our on-screen character.While the graphics are techincally impressive -LRB- as is the engine they use -RRB- , they have a mostly sepia-toned and washed-out feel . The lack of vivid colors leaves you feeling as if you 're looking at a painting , and not a window into a world.The sound design , sadly , is more miss than hit . The lack of any creepy atmospheric music , along with wretched sound effects -LRB- the cougar-screams of the dying dogs , or the just-plain idiotic belching of the nurse-demons udnerscore this well -RRB- . The creature design is sorely lacking as well ... the one-hit bean-sprouts are pointless , and the killer wheelchairs just made me think that i was being assaulted by monopoly game pieces.Finally , the game is far more linear than past entries . The ability to roam a game full of strange and interesting nuances helped us to fully realize the world that these characters inhabit ... something sorely lacking here . And they use one of my most loathed tricks to `` extend '' the length of a game
 If you are a true Silent Hill fan , stay away from this game . Everything you loved about the previous games are gone . No character development , no attachment to the character , no scare factor , utter lack of puzzles , level reuse , and a poor camera make this game a horrible choice.Let me start off with the character development . The character that you play as seems to be an idiotic surfer sort of a guy that halfway through you wish he would die , or be indifferent to him dying . The scare factor for this game is nonexistant . Ghosts have to be one of the single STUPIDEST ideas to place in a Silent Hill game . Not only can you not kill them , they are nearly impossible to pin down with this infernal sword . It is so difficult to pin them down that I had to look online to figure out how to actually use it . It turns out that you have to supposedly knock them on their back -LRB- which practically never happens -RRB- in order to actually use the sword to pin them down . Though people have described the `` nurses '' as making a belching sound , I think it sounds more like a fart . At one point , I knocked one down the stairs and it farted all the way down . The demonic wheelchairs I thought were more cute than anything else . The scenery was n't scary , the enemies were annoying , and it just does n't hit anywhere near the caliber that Silent Hill should . Unlike the previous Silent Hill games , there were no puzzles . The most complex puzzle involves dropping off a key into the storage container so you could continue . I have to agree with what someone else had said , that being able to carry everything blurred the lines of reality and illusion . Not only is it more convenient to play the game through , but it keeps you from backtracking back and forth and back and forth to that same infernal room . Want to pick something up that you needed ? Head back to the room . Want to save ? Head back to the room . Want to get more details ? Head back to the room . Though an interesting concept , this jumping back and forth takes you out of the game . In the previous games , you felt like the person , you were absorbed into their reality . By jumping back and forth , it takes you out of this reality . As well , half the game is replaying where you 've already been . This time , though , you have someone you have to protect tagging along the entire way . The camera angle is particularly awful , there were times when I was trying to fight an enemy and I could n't see myself OR the enemy . As well , the targeting system is terrible . There were times when a creature was trying to attack me and I was targeting a darn leech on a wall . Priorities here , people . I think a giant creature with two babyheads and no legs charging at me is a bigger threat than a leech on a wall . Having the girl in tow is an even bigger hinderence because she will charge at enemies and attack them . This means that you can hit her as well , even if you still hit the enemy . The title is misleading when it calls it `` Silent Hill '' . In fact , you never enter Silent Hill . This game is better left unplayed .
 I am a die hard Silent Hill fan , way before there was ever an idea of a movie . Since I was 9 years old , when the first Silent Hill game came into my little hands , I have had a fear of what is encoded in these discs . Suffice to say , I have played all of them , some ranging from excellent -LRB- 1 - 3 -RRB- to mediocre -LRB- Homecoming , Origins -RRB- to almost unbarebale -LRB- 4
 The fourth installment of the Silent Hill series was a complete let-down . It included three specific factors that were unbearably frustrating and made me feel like I had wasted my time .1 . The way Eileen follows you around for a greater part of the game . True , she can defend herself a bit , but that AI gets annoying quick when you 're trying to run from a Ghost and she just keeps hacking away while getting hacked at herself . You become a babysitter for an pathetic AI system that constantly gets in the way , and if you just ignore it you ca n't get a good ending .2 . You can only hold ten items at a time . Each clip of ammo takes up a separate space , so carrying and using guns -LRB- a resource that is scarce anyway -RRB- is too irritating to be of any real use . Silent Hill 4 emphasizes melee weapons way too much . This rule also makes you have to take constant trips back to your apartment to organize and use important things like healing items .3 . You can finish the game and still lose . I suppose there 's an appeal of a scary game without a happy ending , just like a scary movie . But spending 18 hours fighting to escape , defeating the last guy , and still losing because of things that qualify more as side quests , left me very unsatisfied.Finally , some minor pros and cons.Pros
 i cant even finish playing this game , its too boring . silent hill 1-3 are my favorite games ever . this game is just ... not good.the biggest problem with it is that the fog/darkness is now gone . as a result you can see everything around you . this makes the whole experience not scary at all . the first 3 silent hills had me sweating , shaking , or standing frozen at times in freight . thats not the case at all with this game . with the first 3 silent hills , i would sometimes get so scared i had to stop playing . with this game i have to stop playing because i get too bored . no fog/darkness completely wrecks the experience.another reason why its not scary at all is the creature design . i have no clue what they were thinking . did they really expect people to be scared of leeches , bat things that looks like moths , and wheelchairs ? come on . as its been stated plenty of times , the ghosts are just annoying too.horror games that arent scary can still turn out fun though . unfortunately this isnt one of those games . this game is way too straightforward and repetitive . first off , the puzzles are gone . secondly , traveling back and forth to and from `` the room '' gets so very old . going back to worlds you already went through earlier in the game gets old fast too . i decided to stop playing once i had to go through worlds i already beat again.i also have to mention that the main character is boring too . he has a monotone voice , no real personality , and his response to everything is `` what the hell ? '' i wish i kept track of how many times he said that , id really like to know . id guess he says it over 20 times by the game is over . oh , im locked in my room ? `` what the hell ? '' oh , a dead person ? `` what the hell ? '' oh , my shoelace is untied ? `` what the hell ? '' exciting stuff.on the plus side , the graphics look great compared to silent hill 3 . the music is still solid as well . theres also a new combat system thats kind of improved.in conclusion , this game is no fun because it is not scary , it is extremely straightforward , and it is too repetitive . i cant talk much about the story since i didnt even finish the game , but for the first half of the game it was nothing special .
 I 've been a big fan of the Silent Hill series , so I figured buying SH4 would be a great thing to do . WRONG !! At first , the game seemed OK . After a while of dealing with the repetitive and increasingly annoying portholes and immortal monsters , I quickly lost interest in the game but decided to play it to the end to see the ending . The plot about Walter Sullivan believing the apartment was his mother was beyond idiotic . Protecting Eileen got very irritating , especially since she was very slow and could n't do anything to help . Overall , the game was boring and I would n't recommend it to die-hard SH fans . If you 've never played any of the other games , then you might like it .
 Okay , I 'm a fan of the Silent Hill series . I have been for quite some time . When a fourth installment for the series came out , with such an enigmatic title as `` The Room '' , and truly disturbing cover art that seems to be characteristic of the Silent Hill games , I was quite interested . I heard about the changes , and though I like change every now and then , I was skeptical , especially the Resident Evil-like inventory layout . To save money , I rented the videogame . I am so glad I did.Saying this game is terrible is an insult to the phrase , not the game . Okay , a guy is trapped within his appartment for no apparent reason , he ca n't leave the room because a whole bunch of chains and barricades and padlocks were slapped on his front door while he was sleeping or something by nothing at all , he spies on his neighbors to find a girl sweeping the floor -LRB- how exciting and kinky , do n't you think ? -RRB- , finds a gun underneath his furniture , and discovers a magical hole in his bathroom that teleports him to different areas inhabited by ghosts and downright stupid demons ... and a rather obnoxious prostitute who thinks this is a dream and she has to shadow you all over the place later on in the game for the rest of this pointless experience . Sounds like a cheesy fantasy game to me . One of the greatest setbacks of this game is its inventory , as previously stated . Okay , if I wanted to play a Resident Evil game , I WOULD BUY A FRICKIN ' RESIDENT EVIL GAME !!! BUT I DO N'T WANT TO PLAY RESIDENT EVIL BECAUSE IT 'S HORRIBLE AND I WANT TO PLAY FRICKIN ' SILENT HILL !!! ... sorry about that ... Anyhow , back to this monstrosity of videogame fecal matter . I 'm sure when people heard you can spy on your neighbors they automatically bought the game , just to see if they could get a glance at any nudity ... those pervs . Too bad they 're disappointed and regret buying this thing at all . Now , onto a different topic
 Ok , so I could not believe in the bad press until I played through this game myself . This is the first SH game I did n't really enjoy . There is so much that is just wrong with it that it starts to overtake that which is new or innovative . Basically you play through 5 generic levels ... then you get to struggle through the same identical 5 levels with a limping companion who gets injured easily and who gravitates into conflicts with invincible enemies -LRB- I am not kidding -RRB- . Some of the monsters/ghosts are creepy the first time you see them -LRB- which is saying something seeing how you do n't encounter them in the dark with a flashlight -RRB- but lack the originality of SH2 or SH3 and have seemingly nothing to do with the storyline . The story is a re-hash of `` Seven '' morphed with `` Nightmare on Elm Street '' with a main villain who is about as scary as some trendy 20-something actor playing a serial killer in any boring 20-something neo-horror flick -LRB- not to mention Henry -RRB- . Your room is an interesting and engaging concept but does n't equate to what the spralling town of Silent Hill did for SH1 & SH2 . Lastly , there is the soundtrack . Whoever thought to put a weak neo-metal ballad vocalist and a Peter Murphy wanna-be singing the lamest lyrics ever over the soundtrack needs to seriously explore another direction . On the SH3 soundtrack it was annoying and embarrassing , now it just sucks . Konami needs to put `` quality '' back into this series -LRB- no repeating levels , no RE item system -RRB- and seriously reconsider the nuances between scary and annoying game play .
 This game is not as good as the first three . I expected the forth one to be the best because the 3rd game was nearly as good as the 1st one . It 's not good a good game because unlike the other 3 it 's not scary/disturbing . The first cutscene is very scary , but not the rest of the game . The badguys are lame and are n't scary . There are gigantic two headed Siamese twin monsters , that can be killed with only a pipe . Most of the bad guys are like this -LRB- really weak -RRB- . The bad guys practically wait to be beat up/shot . The lamest bad guy in the whole game are zombie nurses who burp when you het them . How stupid is that ? The ghosts are also no fun , because they take forever to beat , and theres lots of them . These are the strongest bad guys , but it 's impossible to run away . It 's really annoying.At the end of the game you have to walk though the same levels again.This game is really lame , and it should n't be played unless you 're a baby or toddler !
 I thought this game was pretty cool at first , but It then slid way down the hill of awsomeness meaning it sucked . No flashligh , ghosts drain health as you stand near them , and they dont die ! Worst of all , IT HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH THE TOWN OF SILENT HILL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! They just took all the worst Ideas of silent hill and combined it into a game and called it SIlent Hill 4 . DO NOT BUY !!!!!!!!! IT IS THE WORST , MOST BORING GAME EVER , DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!! I ALREADY MADE THAT MISTAKE !
 amazon.com lists four choices and i would have to say dont buy it from target i wasent satisfied get it from the other 3 they are much better choices . i repeat , dont buy it from target !
 Silent Hill 4 , how do I not like thee?Let me count the ways.Weak hero
 When you get a series like Silent Hill , your expectations for it are going to be pretty high . But every now and then a famous developing team with a famous series decides to change things around to attract new players and also to mature the series into something different rather than remake the same game . The only problem is that game developers causing a game to mature will often lend themselves to immaturity in lieu of innovation and by handing out a game to new fans , their own expectations for the game to deliver any semblance of emotional value said series was responsible for will have died out . All of this lies in the case of Silent Hill ' 4 ' The Room , quite possibly the worst fourth game in ANY series ever conceived next to Resident Evil 4 and quite possibly the worst Silent Hill game ever made featuring the dumbest subtitle ever to support the main one -LRB- The Room ?? That does n't sound ominous at all , it sounds boring ... and it is -RRB- . The Room has taken a lot of different steps in order to make itself stand out from Silent Hill games , almost to the point where if you compared the two it would be hard to tell they 're related . The Room does n't depend on thick fog or thicker darkness to establish fear , rather it depends on one claustrophobic room pitched in a very dull First Person Perspective that encounters goofy low-budget haunted house noises whenever you approach something evil and does n't inspire any feeling of being trapped despite that sense being pivotal to the plot as well as very large , bright and wide open alternate areas that are visited through a hole in the wall.The enemies especially show little semblance to a Silent Hill game as you fight zombie dogs that scream like monkies and cats whenever they get hurt , two headed zombies that make low budget ape noises and tall female zombies in torn mini-skirts and bras wielding sticks who burp every time you hit them ... yes , burp.You even run into ghosts who , like most video game ghosts , are the cheapest , overly powered , silliest enemies you 'll ever encounter in a game . Every time you get close to them , they hurt you . You ca n't fight them effectively without getting hurt in return even when you do wear special gift store items to guard yourself from them , but here 's the biggest downer
 The set up sounded interesting enough . Man trapped in apartment , which showed more signs of decay as the time passed . Man finds hole in wall , and -- in his desperation to get out -- decided to go inside , and into a hellish adventure . Game , START.When actually playing the game , though , suddenly you wish that the main character , James Townsend , would just succumb to the monsters , ghosts , and other unnamable creatures trying to kill him . Why ? Because nearly everything is wrong with the game.First , the good stuff
 Do not listen to postive reviews about this game EVEN ... perhaps ESPECIALLY ... if you 're a Silent Hill fan . I bought this game and Resident Evil 4 at the same time . Perhaps , I should have played this one before I played Resident Evil , but after finishing Silent Hill 3 , I wanted to changed it up a little bit . I certainly did that . Resident Evil is in fact a 10/10 game . Perfect in every way . But since this is a review on SH4 and not RE4 , I 'll stick to the subject and say that even if you love the SH series , you WILL be disappointed and perhaps kick yourself for wasting your money . I am . I could have bought Tombraider
 I 've been a Silent Hill fan since the original survival horror legend . I 've played all the games in the series , and to tell the truth , this installment simply does n't live up to the others . Rather than ranting like a lunatic and taking an extreme stance on this , I will say this
 I 've played all of the silent hill games . # 1 and 2 to me were very good ... not much for combat but the story lines can really hook you in . . but to me from the 3rd one and on they went down hill . silent hill the room by far was the worst to me ... i had to force myself to keep playing . course the monsters were nice but could have been better . story line did n't grab my attention . . it even made me bored to play at times . honestly dont purchase this game . . i understand if your a true fan and must play them all -LRB- like me -RRB- but if your new to silent hill get the second one thats worth your money !
 GHOSTS FOLLOW YOU EVERYWHERE , impending your movement and investigation of the environment . Just annoying . This game is definitely the weakest in the series and , frankly , a waste of your money . I stopped playing mine relatively soon after I bought it . Shame.If you 're looking for a GOOD survival horror game , I recommend Resident Evil -LRB- any of them , but I am currently enjoying # 4 -RRB- , Silent Hill 2 , Fatal Frame 2 or 3 . I highly recommend Indigo Propehcy as well . Though technically not ` survival horror ' in nature , I think its elements will appeal to many survival horror fans . Check it out .
 I ordered TSO from the us , I was sooo excited since I love the other The Sims games and it seemed so great to play it online . So I spent most of my savings , got it in the mail and played it like , 3 times until I got really bored by it . it 's simply boring . stick to the offline games or wait for The Sims 2 , do n't waste your money .
 The game itself is a remarkable accomplishment in itself . However , there are a few things you should know before investing your time and efforts.Parents should be aware that there is alot of gang symbolism involved in the communites these days . Part of building up your character includes obtaining special actions when you choose to make a new friend . If someone decides to make you an enemy , you lose these special actions and friendship links . The bad players that join these gangs do so for the sole purpose of making enemies to rob people of their special actions . Maxis and EA has lost all control of this and people are leaving the game rapidly . If you unknowingly move into a neighborhood these people do n't like , you can be hit to the point of losing all of your friendships.The other drawback is that in order to be a popular property you have to keep visitors coming in and staying . If you work hard enough you can be a top property . However , several of the players -LRB- mostly the online gangs -RRB- buy several accounts and keep non-roommate characters at their properties constantly . If you want to pay for four or five accounts and do this , you have a chance of achieving this game goal . Unfortunately , an honest player will never have a chance to make most of the game goals.Aside from this , the actual technology behind the game is short of amazing . There are some graphic and system glitches , but nothing major .
 Game code did n't work so Never got too play game :-LRB- But its kool -LRB- Never got too play because its under someone else ea account and it just sucks ...
 When I first got this game . I loved every minute of itthen something nasty happen . I was inviting people to my partywhen suddenly i was targeted by `` Mafia '' type sims , who thenwith no provcation ` Tagged '' me ie making an enemy out of me , for no apparent reason . Being under 13 , I was pretty scared of this and decided not to come back ... So be careful , try the 14 day trial , I 'm glad my dad insisted on thatinstead of buying a subscription .
 I 'm truly a sims lover . I have every expantion pack and sims 2 . I just recently got this game because I did n't have it and I saw advertisment on the back of some Sims games . It looked cool that you can talk to other people online and that you can make friends . Also you can share a house with a husband or a best friend . Yeah , that sounds like a lot of fun right ?? Well I got the game thinking that it was a lot of fun . When I opened it up and discovered something that was not said in the advertisements . If I wanted to play this game it would be ten dollars a month . That is just as much money as it costs to buy this game . I told my parents that it was 10 dollars a month and the first month free . My parents said no . Listen to me and do n't waste the money buying this game in the first place .
 I do n't know why they are calling it The Sims Online 2.0 because if you are already playing TSO you DO NOT need this . They are only coming out with this because since the first version came out , some more content has been added making for longer download periods.While new stuff has been added to the game since its release , all in all , its still the same , boring , mindless chatroom experience dominated mostly by teens or extremely troubled adultsthat may act nice in the beginning then turn on you if you dont conform to their ways.They can keep saying this is a true game until they are blue in the face , because its not a game and never was one.This is just another scam to get people to buy into what is essentially a pay by the month chatroom with a few game elements thrown in to give the assumption that it is an actual virtual world when the fact remains that its not and never will be.Take it from a former TSO player who learned the hard way . Save your money and buy something tha gives you a real challenge . You can always chat for free online .
 Nowhere in the description of this game did it say that it is a dead game . There are no online servers to play this game therefore it was a huge waste of money because you ca n't do anything with it . You can install it on your computer but after that ... nothing ... Very frustrating ! DO N'T BUY !!!!
 Nice reviews but I the product description is not updated . As my header states , NOT for the Slim & Lite .
 no really , its a bad game . i played it for a good hour and didnt like it at all . i actually got quite frustrated at the controls and things . i figured you cant go wrong with a racing game but i was wrong . stick with need for speed , its actually worth the money.sorry i cant give you an in-depth review about this game . an hour of horrid playtime is not adequate for a thorough review .
 I would not suggest this game for a few reasons . One , it 's confusing ; the game 's auto save feature does not display itself so you 're confused if your progress is saved or if you 're starting from square one.Another reason is that I do n't think the people that produced this game took physics in High School because if you spin out , you have to stop COMPLETELY and then reverse if need be . This means that if you 're racing against an aggressive driver , you need to practically total your car to win the race.Their lack of selection of cars is horrible . They have between 5-10 manufacturers total and the selection is horrible.The graphics are ok but looks like it was thrown together at the last minute.If you 're buying the game to play online , I ca n't help you out there because I have n't had the chance to play it online yet.I would recommend that you either buy Need for Speed Underground or Need for Speed Underground 2 . I 'm really psyched about NFS Underground 2 coming out and it 's worth the wait to pre-order it rather than buy this game . Namco should not release another racing game . This one 's an embarrassment.However , just like the Need for Speed series , the game is very interesting and somewhat addictive .
 I was really excited to see this game on the shelf the day it came out and personally I 'm a bit upset with the outcome of this one . It is almost like Need for speed underground but with tons less of parts and manufactures to choose from . the cars performance on screen does not give you that in depth speed and sound that NFSU does either . the cartoon graphics too . overall if you do n't have need for speed underground , that would be a much better title than this and if you do have that then do n't get this one , you 'll just be upset . remakes are not cool . this game gets 2 thumbs down . crap !!
 YO IMA DIE HARD STREET RACIN UNDERGROUND FAN TO THE FULLEST ME MY SELF I GOT TA HONDA ACCORD EX-R WIT A EVO 3 BODY KIT . BUT CHECK THIS OUT IM NOT HERE TO SHOW OFF MY RIDE BUT I JUST DONT UNDERSTAND HOW A STREET RACIN GAME GON NA SELL WITHOUT HONDAS OR ACURAS INVOLVED . AND LIKE A REVIEWER COUPLE SCROLLS BELOW ME -LRB- U KNOW WHO U ARE -RRB- SAID A BASEBALL GAME WIT YANKEES OR BRAVES . I FEEL HIM ON THAT CUZ WITH OUT HONDA OR ACURA IT JUST AINT NO STREET RACING GAME . THIS GAME GAVE THE IMPORT WORLD A BAD IMAGE OF WAT IT IS REALLY LIKE . AND NO ! REAL STREET RACIN IS NOT HAVEIN HO * s DANCIN IN MINI SKIRTS AND FLAGGIN U AT THE STARTIN LINE THATS JUST A BONUS IF UR LUCKY OR U INA SEQUEL TO 2 FAST 2 FURIOUS WHICH I HOPE THEY COME OUT WIT THE THRID ONE U FEEL ME ? BUT OTHER THEN THAT NAMCO NEEDA PAY MORE ATTENTION TO NFSU CUZ THEY DOIN IT BIG RIGHT NOW FOR US IMPORT STREET RACERS ! SO IF UR SMART AND REALLY INTO STREET RACIN GET NEED FOR SPEED UNDERGROUND 2 ITS THE BEST THING SINCE GRAND TURISMO PERIOD ! AND JUST TO REMIND U GUYS IM THE BEST STREET RACER ALIVE CANT NO ONE SEE OR TAKE MY CROWN ! U GOT TA LOVE IT HOMIE !
 i played this game without the guncom first off . the game is very short compared to other resident evil games . there really are no puzzles to speak of . i beat the game on the medium difficulty in what seemed like no time . if yor are looking for the traditional resident evil gameplay i would not recommend this game .
 Having trouble with PS3 to Samsung Plasma 650 TV HDMI cables . Swapping different cables proved the cables to be the problem as one worked excellent , one just quit.Purchased new dreamGEAR HDMI cable with the codes CDE-01 092313 and DGPS3-1300 on the bar code label . Their 6 foot High Definition HDMI 1.3 connection.The resulting picture contained white dots -LRB- snow -RRB- and interruptions -LRB- popping loss of video -RRB- that daughter starting counting . When she got to 12 inside of a minute , told her that was enough.Not Acceptable.Swapped back to the other HDMI cable off of the Blue-Ray player -LRB- which is providing no such signal interference -RRB- and now I am taking the dreamGEAR cable back to the store.Hope this helps someone .
 I purchased this item for a New Playstation 3 Slim and it absolutely did not work . I tried to set the display to 1080p and kept getting an error message that this resolution was `` not supported '' . My niece 's boyfriend who works at a video game store tried to fix the problem and got the same message . The next day I called Sony and spent 2 hours on the phone with them trying to get the gaming HD and the Blue Ray to work - they could n't figure out why it was n't working . Next spent 30 minutes on the phone with Samsung - Sony thought it may be a problem with my tv - still nothing . Well today I went to WalMart and bought a different HDMI cable hooked it up and Voila - my playstation automatically recognized the 1080p and adjusted the resolution . If you have a Playstation 3 Slim I would not recommend purchasing this product !
 This cable does n't have te original connector to the PS3 , its only 2 HDTV connectors , no PS3 and HDTV .
 This game does n't even deserve 1 * . First , the product desciption says there are 8 lanes , but I only find 2 . Also , you can only bowl right-handed . The graphics are good but the sound effects are bad , only here ball rolling and pins falling . This is if the background music is off . I do n't like music in a game . The ball seems to roll slowly down the lane . There are no replay functions of camera angle functions . Brunswick Circuit Pro Bowling has all these , and is a much beeter game . I beg you not to buy this game !!! I am trying to return mine to the company .
 This game is said to a realistic bowling experiance from home . I dont hink so . The game is slow . The power of the bowler is ungodly weak . Almost as if every ball even a 9 pounder is way too heavy for him or her . The pin action is no where near realistic . The game looks good , sounds good , but just doesnt play good .
 There are better bowling games out there if you actually enjoy real bowling . The graphics are n't terrible , but they are certainly outmoded . The physics in this game are simply terrible . The hook is not realistic , and the pins may as well be made out of lead for all the action generated by hitting them . Either that or the ball is made of sponge . In the real world i throw a hook and average 180 , but in this game i throw a straight ball if i want to break 100 .
 This game is the worst game I have ever seen the graphics are ok but not what I expect . I hate pokemon . Lets say it we hate pokemon !
 My mom said , `` Well you like pokemon ? '' That 's too bad i wanted you to have a life . ''
 what a bad game , no challene , lame graphics , i-ninja is a waste of virtual space .
 I guess I just expected too much from I-ninja ... I 've seen better .
 I thought to myself , hey I loved half-life , same studio same engine , this could be cool . How wrong I was ... DO N'T BOTHER!This game is buggy uninnovative and dull , with lots of features that range form useless to outrightly annoyinging . It starts out slow with a manditory tutorial and then quickly limits your options more and more until you finally discover the waste of breath plot . I could go on and on about why this is a waste of time and money but you probley get the gist of what i 'm telling you . DO N'T BUY THIS GAME .
 Do n't buy this game - do n't even accept it as a gift . It attempts to emulate the success of HalfLife and somehow fails totally.For example , HalfLife had a really interesting variety of weapons . Gunman has dull weapons which they 've tried to make interesting by souping them up to the point of being annoying . There 's one particular gun that can be configured in about 50 different ways -LRB- OK , I exagerate
 I finished this game within a day . Only three major locations . Difficult moves needed . Only three major locations that I can remember . A waste of my good money !
 Gunman is a. . clone of half life . The graphics and sound are dated , it 's short , buggy and . . , the AI is good but it uses half life 's AI . It should be called National Lampoon 's half life or Carry on half life .
 This is definetly a step back for Sierra . This game seemed to have all the annoying parts of half-life plus a few of it 's own . Half Life is a great game , but it 's engine does have some problems . This game seemed to be incomplete or like corners were cut to get it out for Christmas.I finished this game in less than a week and I did n't really spend that much time on it .
 This game had extremely lousy/lossy graphics , which should not be an issue anymore . The plotline of this game was interesting , but the targets were too hard to whack and there was an extreme paucity of weapons and ammo to defeat these intergalactic buggers . This game , like Alice , had to be played in Cheater/God mode all the way to the bitter and quite dull ending . And when any game forces the player to resort to that artifice , it usually means the game is a real ...
 When this game was first introduced by ReWolf Software , I admit I was excited about the possibilities this game possessed . When Valve took over the project , I pretty much lost any interest in the game . I was really hoping that the game would actually be in the Half Life universe , rather than only using the antiquated graphics engine . Sadly , I was incorrect . The unfortunate part of the game is ... well , the game . Turok was bad enough on the N64 . Why would I want to play it on the PC ? If the game was still offered as a free download like several other Half Life modifications -LRB- Team Fortress Classic , Front Line Force , etc. -RRB- , I would have given the game a higher rating . Otherwise , the game is not worth the $ 30 . And that is my two cents .
 This , simply put , is a COMPLETE RIP-OFF . The engine is of course Half-Life 's , and `` Gunman '' does very little to modify the original product . Same sounds . Same coding . Nothing new here . The level design is some of the most basic i 've ever seen since the original Nintendo came out , the AI -LRB- artificial intelligence -RRB- is so buggy i could literally stand and shoot an ememy wthout the slightest of stealth , and they still would n't act as if i 'm there -LRB- and this is on the `` HARD '' setting -RRB- . How could such a bad game be published by Sierra ? There 's PLENTY of modifications better than this on the web for free , and they actually are fun to play -LRB- Wasteland HL , for example -RRB- ! In other words , this is a game that some kids in their basement made and tried to sell . I could make better maps and models than thoughs featured in this game -LRB- and in some instances , I have -RRB- . The texturing is awfull , at least compared to Half-Life 's . The sound , as mentioned before , is mainly just the original recordings . The character animation is cartoonish , with the plot going along the same line.Your probably wondering about my system specs , right ? Well , I can promise you that I would n't rate this game down based upon some crappy 3D card . Throughout the whole game I played it on a Geforce 2 Ultra on a resolution of 1024 by 768 . The controls are weak compared to HL 's , and are very annoying . In `` Gunman , '' each weapon has a secondary , or perhaps more , fireing option . To activate each one , you must go through a serious of buttons to push , which may seem like alot when your being crowded by a bunch of enemies.OVERALL
 Only uninformed people would ever buy the platinum edition of halflife . HalfLife is arguably the greatest PC Game of ALL TIME . It was the most innovational game ever to be released and every sing FPS out now is in some way influenced by it . However , counterstrike , team fortress , and about 150 other mods -LRB- or special multiplayer only games based on the halflife engine -RRB- can be downloaded 100 % legally for free on there websites . Opposing forces was another good game but then again , it alone is not worth the money for the platinum edition . My suggestion ? Go and buy the original HalfLife for under ten dollars and then go and buy Halflife Blue Shift . Blue Shift includes a new mission , blueshift -LRB- not included in platinum edition -RRB- as well as opposing force . It is a much better way to spend your money .
 This game was programmed by Valve and published by Sierra . It has allowed and continues to allow players to cheat , see through walls , autoaim , and do other things they should never be able to do while playing multiplayer . Neither of these companies will take responsibility and it has been years since these cheats were discovered . Just know that if you buy this game you 're supporting a couple of irresponsible companies . My two cents . You 've been warned .
 I brought HL : Generations the day it came out - I love it . I have also been playing CS -LRB- an included Modification -RRB- for about 2 years . This seems like a good product if you are starting out from scratch . But I would really recommend just buying Generations and getting CS of some kind of cover disk . By the time you buy this game - you 'll have to patch it anyway . The biggist dissappointment is that it does NOT include the 3ed installment to the story , Blue Shift - This sees you playing as one of the Police officers named `` Barnny '' .
 HL is an awesome game with many modifications out there . The CDis not worth the price they charge . Counter-strike , Team Fortress , and Opposing Forces all come with the HL game of the year edition CD . Well , TFC and OPF at least hehe . CS is free to d/l off the web any way . The game is great , go buy hl : goty and d/l the updates so u can play tfc , opf , cs , dod , or whatever you like for free off the internet lol . If you 're dumb you 'd buy this to tell you the truth
 WARNING-DO NOT GET THIS GAME ! IT HAS POOR GRAPHICS AND A LOT OF BLOOD/GORE ENOUGHT TO MAKE YOU SICK . IT MADE ME SICK !
 This game adds the supply dimension into the RTS equation . All military units consume food every month , and all units fielded in the battlefield will gradually wear off , and have to rest in camps . This makes the game so much more strategical -LRB- as opposed to tactical -RRB- , as players have to balance a big army and financial feasibility.However , the game is so TEDIOUS !! The game does not start with a fast scout unit with good line of sight , and the fog of war is not designed well . So a player has to spend a lot of time scouting . Before a battle , a player has to build a supply wagon , and assign villagers to stock it up with food . And it takes FOREVER !! So , with so much meaningless micro-management required , there is little time to think about strategy . And without strategy , this game is definitely inferior to some of the better titles on the market .
 Well , all i can say for this game is that it has nice graphic . But there are only three types of basic military . Four if u add the heroes . The heroes are very annoying . Not to mention they 're basically all the same . If u want to try this game i suggest u download the demo version , which has all the units that is available in the retailed version . So playing the demo is the same as playing the retailed version ... I warn u , DO NOT buy this game , u can spend the money on other games which are much more fun and enjoyable !
 If you wish to play a historical simulation based on the Three Kingdoms Period get Koei 's Romance of the Three Kingdoms . Its the original and still the best . Fate of the Dragon plays like Age of Empires with a more in depth Chinese campaign . All around an ok RTS , but not innovative and certainly not as in depth as R3K .
 Fate of the Dragon is a definite waste of money . For RTS fans of Starcraft , and Age of Empires , it as an even bigger waste of money . Fate of the Dragon seems like an exact copy of the major RTS games out there , with a couple of new features added on . There are resources to collect , armies to build , and once you play the game once or twice , you 've played it forever . The repetitveness of the game is mind-boggling . With only three different troop types , maps that look all exactly the same , and the same stupid music over and over again , how can the game be fun after a couple of days ? The graphics need work , and the battles are worse . Because you 're so limited in the troops you have , all you do is put your troops into battle - unlike Starcraft where there are dozens of unit types and Age of Empires where you have to use your brain for what units to use for a certain situation . Whatever you do , do n't buy Fated of the Dragon . You 'll be wasting your time , and your money .
 I do n't know why so many other people love this game . Personally , I have also played many other RTS like them . I always love the `` Three Kingdom '' period in China -- which is what ` Fate of Dragon ' about . Thus , I bought ` Fate of Dragon ' the moment I saw it in a store . However , I am very much disappointed . The game comes no where close to StarCraft , Age of King , Red Alert 2 or Emperor
 I am a huge fan of RTS games . Love C&C , Warcraft , Starcraft , Homeworld , but had never played a `` squad '' type RTS before Commando 's 2 . The game really intreged me , but alas , I fell prey to frustration almost immediately . I could n't figure out how to play the game . Once I read the manual , it got better , but not a whole lot . The interface is very unintuitive , and requires the memorization of keyboard commands for virtually every action . And as realistic as the game tries to be , I was n't impressed . You can throw a grenade and blow up 4 Germans and still -LRB- 40 minutes later -RRB- the same German found not more than 50 feet away , is still smoking a cigarette and has n't moved an inch . -LRB- You 'd think the noise would have made him move -RRB- . OR I hate the fact that your gun has only a 10 foot range . Now that 's realistic . Top that off with the frustrating controls , and I put the game down after `` training mission number 2 '' -LRB- which is n't a training mission -RRB- , and I do n't foresee picking it up again . Teaches me not to play the demo first .
 When I bought this game I thought this would be better than the first Gangsters game , BUT I WAS WRONG !!!! This game is far too easy and there are n't as much possibilities as in the first game.This game is just boring after the tutorials and the first level of the campaign . I owned the game for one week and I have n't played it since then.I would recommend spending your money on a GOOD game
 I Loved the first one but some how they found a way to butcher it . Weak story line and BAD gameplay are 2 of the games many problems . ...
 This game is a waste of money . I played the first game and it -LSB- was bad -RSB- like a taco canned rice and jellybeans . I thought this one might be good because of improvement in disc space and graphics , but they just -LSB- messed -RSB- this up . The concept is one of the best I 've ever seen . Run a city to make it simple . However , the gameplay is so utterly terrible that the few good aspects of the game are completely countered.Don ' t buy this game . I like tacos , but I have to advise against eating thi one . I like Mexican food !
 This game is kind of simple and would be fun if it were n't for pathing and AI that makes the original Warcraft look smart . If your gangsters are wanted by the police , and getting shot at , they will pace back and forth in front of the cops like ducks in a shooting gallery until dead . This happens ALOT.Also , if you tell someone , say a wimpy specialist , to go somewhere , he takes the direct route , even if it takes him past a hundred enemy troops -LRB- well , he 'll be dead after 12 so no matter -RRB- The idiotic ai takes what could be a simple but fun game and makes it feel like someone just wnated to put out their software a couple of months before they were finished.A patch could fix this , but not too likely from eidos , customer service is n't very important nowadays.Avoid this game . -- Alex
 Very disappointed in this * yawn * boring game . Graphics are poor ... less than to be expected of a game at this price . The mobsters are not even The Sims quality ... they are small and have little detail , barely can tell they are people at all . No satisfaction for those liking the sinisterism of being a mobster . You spend most of the time hunting moving square dots on a poorly drawn map . Blood is a single red pixel . Missions are boring and similar throughout the game . Little detail , no mobster feel . Menu and maps are frustrating to work with , moving between and across maps and menus will furiate you . Difficult to follow your mobsters on the map ... hard to find a view that works . Its like playing blindly . Controls are not user friendly ... unecessary button combos . The wrong click of the mouse can mean `` game over '' ... and its extremely easy to make this mistake . Often times mobsters and vehicles will not move the direction you want . . and will get killed . Not user friendly ... bottom line ... game is good enough to cure boredom but buy it when its 15.99 .
 I 've never played the original Gangsters but I 've heard enough horror stories to know what was wrong with it , but despite all the flaws people complained of everyone still seemed to enjoy the original . So when I saw the sequel on the store shelf I thought to myself that it would probably have all those flaws improved upon while still keeping it 's great strategy elements . So I bought the game hoping to be able to live out my favorite scenes from the Godfather . At first the game was amusing , but after those quick 10 minutes , the game was quickly repackaged and returned!First off , the strategy elements of the game are completely gone ! Everyone used to complain about the micro-management in the first , so I guess the solution was to completely erase all management . You 're basically told what business to buy and it just generates money.The graphics are a bit cartoonish , but fitting . Although the graphics are n't realistic or polygonal they match the theme of the game and give it the appropriate feel . Unfortunately , that 's all this game has ! Good looks , good packaging , no substance!The gameplay is terrible ! You 'll pull your hair out as you order your goons to drive two blocks away and watch him circle around the whole neighborhood before finally going to his destination ... and hopefully he 's not there to do a drive-by ! The drive-by shootings in this game are just ridiculous . You 'll quickly despise watching your thugs drive past , shoot , make a U-turn , drive back , shoot more , make another U-turn , shoot -LRB- you get the point -RRB- . That does n't seem like a very effective drive-by to me . Also , the people standing on the side walk never EVER take cover , they just stand there shooting at the car until they are FINALLY gunned down . What kind of dumb gangsters are these anyway ? The AI definately needs improving ! Also , do n't get your car ruined . If you do , then you have the option of stealing your enemies car , but only HIS car . What sense does this make ? My thugs have no problem with gunning down police officers but they refuse to steal an innocent person 's car . I had to run 4 blocks -LRB- past rows and rows of perfectly good parked cars -RRB- to my enemies hideout to steal his vehicle . But basically what I am saying is that the AI in the game is pretty stupid.Another thing that ruins the gameplay is the tedious and repetative missions . The game is basically open this shop , do a hit on this guy , buy that building , place guards here , do a hit on that guy ... over and over and over again . And although carrying out a `` hit '' should normally be enjoyable , as you can tell from my paragraph above I found killing people to be quite the chore.So if all of the micro-management is now non-existant and all of the action is absolutely horrendous and silly , what does this game have to offer ? Simply put ... boredom . The game is just too easy , too simple , and too shallow . Perhaps for the third game they should eliminate the tedious missions and make it more open-ended . Just allow you to hire thugs and build your empire . Also , they need to work on that AI a little . Why do these guys get lost in a neighborhood that 's 5 blocks wide ? And who ever heard of circling back around , better yet , making a U-turn while doing a drive-by ? You 're supposed to shoot and then high tail it outta there ! Basically , it could have been a good game had they taken the time out to actually add some gameplay to it .
 This game disappointed me too . I liked the original Gangsters quite a bit & played it off & on for a few months . But the game was sunk by its flaws , including a variety of nagging bugs , a difficult-to-master interface , too much micro-management , & a manual that omitted descriptions of important portions of the game . The game had a lot of options although I sometimes wondered if all of the options had been implemented -- did it really make a difference if you set up your speakeasy behind a dress shop or behind a restaurant ? Who knew & it was difficult to tell from the gameplay . But despite that , the game was fun & I thought the graphics especially were quite good.Hothouse gets high marks in G2 for listening to the complaints about the original game since most of them have been dealt with here . The interface is easier to use & you no longer have to manage every single gangster under your control . But , in my opinion , they have gone too far . The graphics are cartoony & Hothouse has gone way too far in their effort to get rid of micro-management . Now instead of being able to buy any business , you can only buy certain specific ones & can only open certain illegal businesses in specific locations . This takes a lot of the juice out of the game & I never felt , while playing G2 , that I was running a mob of gangsters as I did in G1.The game runs fine on my 2-year old Pavilion & I did n't find any bugs in the time I played it . The pathfinding on the units is terrible though -- cars especially would often go around three sides of a square to get to someplace that was only a block away from where they were . Doing drive-by 's against other cars is also weird as both cars go back & forth down the street like a pair of medieval knights at a joust until everyone in one car is eliminated . On the good side , the AI has been changed & you wo n't see the massive gun battles that you had in G1 as the sound of gunfire drew every nearby policeman & gangster into the bloodbath . Of course , I kind of liked those gun battles -LRB- my best way of getting rid of enemy gangsters involved sending a `` cannon fodder '' guy to assault an enemy in front of a cop . When the enemy responded by shooting at my guy , he 'd be attacked by the cops & a massive battle would result -RRB- so this is not all to the good.G1 really needed nothing more than some tweaking & cleaning up but G2 has gone too far & created a game that is inferior to its predecessor .
 Very disappointed in this * yawn * boring game . Graphics are poor ... less than to be expected of a game at this price . The mobsters are not even The Sims quality ... they are small and have little detail , barely can tell they are people at all . No satisfaction for those liking the sinisterism of being a mobster . You spend most of the time hunting moving square dots on a poorly drawn map . Blood is a single red pixel . Missions are boring and similar throughout the game . Little detail , no mobster feel . Menu and maps are frustrating to work with , moving between and across maps and menus will furiate you . Difficult to follow your mobsters on the map ... hard to find a view that works . Its like playing blindly . Controls are not user friendly ... unecessary button combos . The wrong click of the mouse can mean `` game over '' ... and its extremely easy to make this mistake . Often times mobsters and vehicles will not move the direction you want . . and will get killed . Not user friendly ... bottom line ... game is good enough to cure boredom but buy it when its 15.99 .
 Boring and dull . You lose all control over the game to the scripted missions that you must complete , -LRB- and by the way , it is confusing as to HOW each one is supposed to be complete -RRB- and you ca n't buy weapons or cars until the third or fourth level . The first gangsters , despite its flaws , was one hundered times better . Instead of making improvements on the first one , it seems that they just made a totally different game with gangsters and called it `` Gangsters 2 '' . This game reminds me of Heist .
 Perhaps my anticpation for and high expectations of this game are what has caused me to give it just one star . But I must say , I do n't think my dissappointment is at all unjustified.The gameplay is abolutely terrible . It is incredibly frustrating trying to give commands , particularly when you instruct a car to ` flee ' , and it turns back into the direction of a plethora of cops and rival gangsters . Knowing what to do in certain scenarios can be a headache inducing experience in itself.The simplicity of the game is overshadowed by the teeth-grinding irritation that comes with trying to accomplish anything . Personally , I found the first Gangsters to be more accessable and less mind-numbingly dull . While the ` working week ' aspect of it was a bit annoying at times , giving orders was simpler and the level of involvement you were allowed was by far greater.This game misses some of the neat , finer detail aspects of the first . But if you 're after some real gangster/criminal action , go for something like Mafia or GTA3 instead .
 I have purchased dozens of games and have never written a review for any of them . But Gangsters 2 was such a disappointment that I felt I had to inform and protect those who would buy this game.The original Gangsters had some serious flaws but all-in-all it was a good game . The open-ended game play enabled you to play over and over and still have fun and learn new tricks . Gangsters 2 got rid of all this . Now there is no open-ended gameplay , it 's all mission based.The best way to describe this game is to liken it to Commandos . Similar feel , gameplay qualities , graphics and interface . But unlike Commandos Gangsters 2 does n't do anything new.I do n't know what to say except that I felt betrayed . They 've changed so much in the way of gameplay that it does n't even feel , let alone look , like the original.To be fair , I did n't even finish the game before I unistalled and threw it in the closet . I think it was mission # 7 when I was supposed to resuce the mayor 's brother who had been kidnapped by a rival gang that I realized that I was not having fun and that I had just wasted forty bucks on I game I bought a long time ago . You want this game in various forms ? Go buy Commandos Behind Enemy Lines , or Fate of the Dragon , or Mob Rule , or ...
 I had high hopes for this one , because despite the original Gangsters ' tedious gameplay , I really enjoyed its detail and depth . As far as strategy and gameplay though , Gangsters 2 is nothing like the original . Sure its graphics are an improvement but its gameplay , for the most part , is shallow , repetitive and dull . I imagine the boys at Hothouse Creations spent a lot of time and effort designing Gangsters 2 but I just ca n't fathom why they would think this game would be appealing . Each mission seems to be a repeat of the previous and ah blah , blah , blah ... What 's the point ? This game blows ! It has n't been out two weeks and it is already marked down at Best Buy . My suggestion ? Buy a book !
 I have been bitterly disappointed with this product . The website works somewhat if you can get on . The game does not work well you have to get many downloads and customer support if you can get them does not respond well . How could they come up with a sorry version of this game based on Gangsters ? It never seems to work in the multi player mode either . Even when you have the same version . My friends also do n't like this version . They have the same problems . All I can figure out is when it works fine , but when it does n't watch it .
 I did n't like this game at all . I was expecting a game like the original with tons of improvements and it was nothing like the original .
 when i originally bought this game for my windows 98 it worked great ! but , now that i upgraded to windows xp the game wo n't play anymore . i go to hasbro.com and they tell you that you have to go to infogrames , but , when i try to get a hold of infogrames i get a dead end ! so if you have windows xp for your computer do n't waste your money on any hasbro -LRB- or is that has-been -RRB- games . the games do n't work and hasbro is no help .
 This computer version claims to be just like the board game . It is not . I dont mind the non-board game add-ons and campaign scenarios , but the ORIGINAL game should be preserved somewhere as an option . The nomenclature is all wrong ! The Marshal 's rank is 1 , not 10 . The General 's rank is 2 , not 9 , ad infinitum . The Scout SHOULD NOT be allowed to move and strike in the same turn . The winning piece SHOULD occupy the space vacated by the loosing piece after battle , regardless if it was the attacker or defender . These are the RULES ! Over the years people make up optional rules to popular games . I 'm sure you 've played Monopoly at one time or another and agreed to place tax money in the middle of the board , and whomever lands on FREE PARKING wins the money . Again , thats O.K. if you want to , but it does n't fly in tournament play . The toy soldier appearance of the pieces is hard to get used to as well . I know the object is always to advance the graphics as much as possible to make it more interesting , but the angle of view and similarities between pieces makes it difficult to tell the difference . Finally the game AI could possess increasing levels of difficulty . I 've played this game for years and the computer is hardly a challange . For a purist like me this game leaves you wanting .
 Pong has good graphics for a computer game , and is non-violent , but I almost screamed the first time I played it . It has dozens of games with random play where the odds are strongly against you . This game probably is n't good for kids .
 this is the worst megaman game thre is . try blue or white cause they rock !
 This game is the worst game in the Mega Man Battle Network . The reasons why ? 1 . It has very bad cel-shaded graphics .2 . Translated from Japanese very poorly .3 . Absolutly very little story-wise . All the game is , is fighting in 3 tournaments , and fighting a big boss . All the game really is , is a bunch of little missions that you have to do , like finding a foot-bomb .4 . Capcom makes you play through the game 3 times to get all of the souls.If you really want a good Battle Network game , then get 1,2 , or 3 .
 All I found with this game was the only thing I was racing was wheels their where no bodys to the cars at all . So I would go and get need for speed before ever getting this game
 This series is so far behind some other racing series out there , I 'm amazed that it 's still around . I 've played Test Drive 1-6 , and strangely enough , TD4 was the best version . 5 took a giant step backward . The driving physics are much worse than before . The car selection , as always , is pretty good , but the cars out-accelerate and out-handle their real-world counterparts so much that it 's not even fun . There are 5 games in the Need For Speed series now and TD5 places in quality between NFS and NFS2 . That 's pretty poor . Spend your dough on NFS3
 - Test Drive 5 is the latest TD game i 've ever tried since the first game -LRB- old timers should remember that game ;-RRB- -RRB- ... Anyways , except for good and detailed tracks/roads , and its music , this game sucks ! I mean , look at the graphics , its like we are back at the old NES days
 Test Drive 5 for the PC is in a class with some very spectacular driving games . However , Test Drive 5 falls short of its competitors . It seems fine , but if you ever play Need for Speed III or Microsoft 's Midtown Madness , you will gladly toss Test Drive 5 into the trash . The cars look nothing like their real counterparts , most tracks are locked , the cars do not handle well , and you can not go `` off-course '' , which is one of the best things about TD5 's competitors . I would recommend putting your money toward a more worthy game , such as NFS 3 or Midtown Madness .
 Do not buy this game unless you want to waste your money . The graphics are extremely bad and it is no fun at all . Though it does have quite a few trucks . When I got mine , I installed it and played it and it was so bad , I did n't even want to have it installed on my computer and take up my hard drive space so now its just sitting in my closet collecting cobwebs . So unless you just want to look at all the trucks all day , do n't buy it . Trust me .
 I am telling you DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.This game is so so so BORING.There are almost no new cars or trucks.The grafics are so bad.If you are a person who likes Boring games then this is for YOU !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I found that the game has fatal bugs in it that are impossible to work around . In some scenarios in the campaign there are ruins you have to enter and if you kill a certain monster , which you have to of course , the game crashes to the desk top every time no matter what variation you try.Even if you do n't play the campaign , which is mostly what people buy these games for , the combat system is more like something you would expect in a game from 10 or 15 years ago.It 's too bad because it could have been a much better game with a very small amount of work . Developers should try playing some other games in the genre before they release these things .
 This was the HUGEST thing in 1998 . But now with the release of NHL 06 99 is 7 years old and obselete . It 's a fun game but there are bett ones out there . -LRB- by far -RRB-
 There should be a rating lower than 1 star for this awful product . What an incredible waste of money this was . SimCity 2000 was addicting and ever-changing . This is slow , clunky and ultimately a bore . Once you reach a certain level , nothing else happens . AND IT IS SO SLOW . Maxis took a great game and ruined it . Mac users run as fast as you can from this one .
 This is a very dissapointing game . When I talked to kiks in my class said it was a great game , but they used Windows . When I got my iBook for Christmas I also got SC3000 . When I loaded it in and started playing it . It was horriable ! The game took about 10 minutes to load in and took another 10 to get to play.The gameplay was slow too . So do n't waste your money on this game . Get SC2000 istead , you ` renot missing much
 Even with a G3 , gaming is slow . The graphics are nice , but having to put 250 mgs of space on your hard disk for it really takes out a chunk . importing sim city 2000 files is n't worth it either . Most buildings do n't show up in the new version and leave you with blank spots . I was really disappointed with it .
 SimCity 2000 was far and away one of the most addicting games I had ever played . Well , when I heard that SimCity 3000 was coming out , I could not wait to see what kind of improvements they had made . Well , imagine my surprise when I had found that this great game series had actually taken a step back in terms of gameplay . The visuals in the new SimCity are fantastic though . I love being able to zoom on down to street level and see the people walking down the sidewalk and -LSB- stuff -RSB- piling up in people &#8217; s yards , but this does not make up for the lack of enjoyment I feel when I play this game . It seems like no matter what I do in this game , the industrial areas just continue to get filthy and look -LSB- bad -RSB- . Perhaps this game really is more of a challenge than the original in that respect , but I &#8217; ll stick to the ease and fun of the original anyday !
 Although this game has better graphics than the original and sim city 2000 it is just the same old thing . A remake of a fun game with newer and better graphics .
 It takes more than amazing graphics and extra features to make a great game . Case and point , SimCity 3000 and SimCity 2000 . SimCity 3000 has far superior graphics than SimCity 2000 . However , the gameplay is so slow -LRB- just barely acceptable on a 867G4 with 640MB of RAM -RRB- that the coolness factor of the graphics gets lost in frustration . SimCity 2000 had amazing performance even on classic Mac Performas . SimCity 3000 requires twice the minimal requirements , i.e , the fastest G4 at the time , if you expect to play the game at some modicum of speed . The extra features of SimCity 3000 , though nice , are not extensive enough to warrant a whole new product rather than a simple patch . Nothing was done to the overall depth and gameplay of the game and much could have been done . It really saddens me that Maxis was bought out by Electronic Arts , a Mac-unfriendly software producer . This unfriendliness is evident in the look of many elements in the SimCity 3000 interface . For example , take a look at the Windows-like Open File interface . Electronic Arts is more friendly to Linux users than Mac users . Overall , this is a terrible , unoptimized port of SimCity 3000 for Windows to the Macintosh . Software MacKiev did a poor job . Definitely pales in quality to the Aspyr Media port of The Sims for Macintosh . Also , do not be surprised if this is the last SimCity game you will see for the Macintosh for a long time .
 As a long-time SimCity fan , I was eagerly awaiting the Mac port of this game . Sad to say that it was n't worth the wait . The game seems to have been ported over with absolutely no regard to the Mac platform -- graphics and navigation all have a sticky PC feel and the game hardly has a Mac feel at all . Even with my PowerPC 275 processor , 24x CD-ROM , and 128K of physical RAM -LRB- 256 with virtual memory -RRB- , gameplay is slow and unresponsive -LRB- and yes , I followed the performance enhancement instructions to the letter . -RRB- Even little touches that made SimCity2000 so playable and addictive are lost -- for example , no satisfying crunch and dustcloud when demolishing . And the amount of real estate the game takes up on my hard disk is inexcusable -LRB- not to mention that the game has to be played with the CD-ROM installed , and that there 's no `` lite install '' option . -RRB- Yes , it 's cool to be able to build the Taj Mahal , but not worth the cheesy Microsoft-clone look and feel of the game and the bloated interface and memory requirements . Save your Simoleons and look for a copy of SimCity2000 in online auctions instead .
 I wish the person who had given me this as a gift for my birthday would 've read these reviews first . This game is possibly the worst I have ever played on a Mac . And it 's made even worse by the fact that Sim games in the past were among the best . The game play is indeed painfully slow and frustrating , even on my G3 . The interface is awkward and ugly . ANd it takes up way too much space on my hard drive ! Too bad I broke the seal on the box because now I ca n't return it anywhere and I 'm left with a very expensive paperweight . Maxis and EA really screwed this one up and I 'll be very wary of any games by them in the future .
 This is a very disappointing version of a great game . The manufacturers have disgregarded the system-specific needs of macs and opted instead for a crude port of the PC version.It runs incredibly slowly and crashes often , even onb a fast G3 mac . The save routines do n't work . The box claims you can download additional buildings , templates , etc. , but you ca n't ! They are all for the PC.Disappointing .
 Not only are the system requirements insane and the game play glacial , but the interface is a Windows hack thrown on a Mac shell . Maxis is now owned by Electronic Arts . And they obviously do n't care about quality software . EA has ruined a good product and feel they can foist anything on the consumer . It 's time the software industry faces a million Ralph Naders . Do n't buy SimCity 3000 ! Do n't buy any Electronic Arts games ! Who are the real software pirates ?
 The graphics in this sim are rich and a definite improvement over previous Maxis Sims , but I was disappointed that the things that made me love the original Sim City on the original Nintendo were no longer present.Demolishing a building or clearing land gave realistic sound effects . Pretty graphics are not enough to save this game . After playing it for about 2 hours , I simply got fed up with the game . If I wanted to play a PC game , I would have bought an Intel machine and gotten the PC version . This game requires way too many across-the-screen mouse movements to achieve simple and repetitive tasks . It simply got exhaustive to do simple things when they had to be done over and over.While it was forgivable on the old Nintendo to have streets without sidewalks you could see and access ramps that did n't make sense , for a high-tech sim like this , the streets and access points just are n't realistic ... just enough to look real and be really confusing as to how the game is interpretting your street placement . If it was true WYSIWYG , it would be a no-brainer and you could focus on strategy instead of , `` am I looking at that pixel right ? '' questions.A lot of talent went into this game , but -LRB- and I could be totally wrong here -RRB- it seemed like PC game programmers were trying to exploit their market by porting this to the Mac platform w/o getting actual Mac users and programmers a chance to give input . Mac users expect more out of a game ...
 This offers an intriguing story and a couple of clever plot devices . It did n't set the world on fire when it was released and it is n't a must play game.If you have played other RPG 's like Deus Ex you will find several hours of solid entertainment in playing it .
 I thought Anne Mcaffrey was a book writer not a software maker .
 Anne McCaffrey is a mediocre writer , but she creates fantastic worlds . So here we are , with the first video game focused on one of her worlds . And what do we get ? The actual world and characters of the Freedom novels are nowhere in site . No Botany , no Zainal , no Kris.Instead , we have a game based only vaguely on the books ... taking place in the same time period , but with a very different feel . It might have , originally , been a wonderful RPG , but instead we get a mediocre-to-awful ` action/adventure ' game . Anne 's books appeal to a largely female audience , and we seem to have received a game directed at the largely male action-game world.I only hope that the Dragonriders of Pern game is n't this bad .
 I thought Anne Mcaffrey was a book writer not a software maker .
 I have played this game a little bit at my friends house and loved it , so I figured what the hell . I went to the store and bought the platinum pack with all the booklets and the extra mission pack cd and everything . I get home and install it - it installs beautifully . My computer is a new p4 2.2 256 Ram with an okay video card , and that was far exceeding the box recommendations . I got into the game menu and begin the missions and right as I press the button to start the action , my computer completely shuts down . I do n't know why it does it - I have well over the recommendations . Buy this game if you really hope that it will work - mine regretfully did n't .
 For a first crack the game is not bad but even compared to Super Tennis on the SNES this game is way down on the list . Nintendo easily couls have made a better product hopefully they will catch up on the next game . The playing is slow and methodical and the controls are way off . You can not hit the shots you want and at times you dive like an idiot . Definitely check it out first but personally the game just does not hit the spot . Want a good game go back to Super Tennis or ATP Tennis from the Sega Genesis
 This is a good game to rent for about three days or so , but i bought it before even trying it out . It is a cool game for a while , but it just gets really boring after a while because it is soo unrealistic , and there are so few options . Rent it , but dont buy it
 THis was the most offensive , lame , and , well , STUPID game I 've ever played !!!! First of all , the swearing , disgusting humor , and inappropriate descriptions get so frequent and annoying it is n't funny ! I only played this game up to where you get out of the bathroom of the abandoned house , but from my friend 's description of the REST of the game , well , let 's just it pitches a perfect no-hitter to those of you like me who have to tolerate inappropriate humor but hate it -LRB- there are others like me out there , are n't there ? -RRB- This game is a total waste of money . Do n't wait up for a sequel .
 For starters this is an ok game ... nothing more . The controls and gameplay suck hard compared to Quake and DOOM , the storyline sucks hard compared to Quake or DOOM and the multiplayer sucks hard compared to Quake or DOOM . So go play Quake or DOOM : -RRB-
 Everything about this game is terrible , which is surprising since ID used to make the most amazing games . Let 's face it - since John Romero left everything has gone downhill . Rather than anxiously awaiting each level , I constantly asked myself `` Will this game ever end ? `` The music is horrible - repetitive generic metal songs with occasional electronic elements . The monsters are boring and overused . The levels are for the most part bland , though a few do stand out . The main character also seems to have 6 different voices.There is absolutely no story whatsoever . It 's just the same `` Go to this room and get this item so you can go to next the room '' type of game -LRB- Wolfenstien 3D , Doom , Heretic -RRB- , poorly disguised . In fact , when you beat the game , instead of finding out what happens you get a screen which reads `` THE END . `` The worst part has to be the weapons , however . The Super Shotgun goes through ammo like crazy , the Machine Gun constantly raises itself when firing so you have to keep tapping the fire button or soon you 'll be shooting above your enemies , the Rail Gun takes about a second to fire , then needs to recharge itself , the Rocket Launcher also has a recharge period , and the BFG takes forever to even fire ! Much longer than the original took.In short , this game was a complete letdown . I should have spent the money on a disk of Doom wads instead .
 The game is exellent ! BUT After I upgraded to the worst operating system ... Windows XP ... The game did not work very properly anymore . Activision 's technical support is pure s - . I contacted the fourms at Planetquake and I still did not got a reply from them ... If you have Windows XP ... YOUR OUT OF LUCK . The error you will get if you have XP is ... ERROR : GAMEERROR : Function pointers have moved.That occurs when I try to load the game ... So do yourself a favor and buy a old machine with Win 95 , NT , or 2000 to run this game properly .
 I used to love playing Quake 2 . I played it for hours on end . When I heard about it 's impending release in 1997 , I was stoked and could hardly wait for it to come out . And what did I do when it did ? I played it AT LEAST 3 to 4 days a week from 1997 to early 2002 . And guess what ? I became freakin sick of it ! I do not want to play this game ever again for the rest of my existence on this earth !! -LRB- Well , at least for 10 years or so -RRB- My point is , after you log hours and hours of gameplay , it starts to get old . FAST . Quake 2 may be a legendary game but I warn you do n't overindulge . Play Max Payne , Deus Ex or Unreal Tournament 2003 instead .
 I must say , I am very unhappy with this game . I waited for years for this game , and it was not worth the money I spent on it . Although the storyline is much improved from what is was originally , I find it very difficult to move around the game and find what needs to be found for all the little puzzles to solve . I spent a full hour playing , and all I managed to accomplish was to oil the dragon and get loaded with tons of things to do . I am most unhappy .
 I pre-ordered this game for my daughter 's birthday . It finally arrived and she is excited . But every thing ended in frustration . THe game requires a 3D video card that we do n't have on our PC . This is not so obvious from the product description of Amazon 's page . Without the right video card , the game will simply crash the PC . By the way , according to the UBI soft 's web site , the game may not run on Window 's 2000 or Window 's NT .
 This game was very fun in the offset , because everything is textured and colored wonderfully , and every new area is eye dazzeling . However , the game-play itself leaves MUCH to be desired . It 's as if Ubi Soft released this game half done . It 's extremely buggy , some parts of the story line completely disapear never to be explained , the character 's voices will cut in and out during dialog , and my biggest complaint is getting stuck in the middle of the game due to a BUG !!! Also , the fighting system is a basic point and click . Click short for small attack , click longer for larger attack . Boring ! This game could be so much fun if it had been finished by it 's creator . Even with all of the un-fun bugs , this game still has potential if you 're a huge Dragonrider fan like myself . Despite everything , I have stuck with this game for the love of Anne McCaffrey and the amazing world of the Dragonriders that she 's created . It 's like playing through a book in the series . However , there are lots of discrepancies here too . If you are a fan , you 'll be disapointed by what appears to be the lack of the programmer 's knowledge of Pern , it 's culture , and it 's social-political structure . Over all , I liked playing through a video novel , but the patience required may be too much to ask from some players . If you 're a fan , go for it ! If you 're not , do n't bother . : -RRB-
 I was really looking forward to this game and sadly I am extremely disappointed , and thats putting it mildly . Problem 1
 The only reason I bought this game and still own it is because it 's Pern . Too bad it 's so BAD ! Terrible , terrible loading time , wierd voice acting , you do n't get to fight Thread , and it 's SLOW -LRB- story-wise -RRB- . I almost fell asleep playing it . I know this is really harsh , but if you really want to play the game , BORROW someone else 's copy . It 's only worth buying if you 're a Pern Fanatic .
 This game plays terrible ! This game has fixed cameras so it is very easy to walk off camera . Then you have to guess which way to turn or walk to get back into camera site . At first I could not get this game to play on my computer but after ONLY 2 weeks of e-mails to their tec department and a new sound card I got it to play . Funny thing , My sound card worked fine on ALL of my other games .
 This is a potentially great game that was really anticipated for the release on dreamcast . When I heard of this game , I was filled with joy and expectations that this game would exceed the arcade quality . WRONG ! The only difference I found was that there was a useless 2-player mode that only goes head-to-head . There was no 2-player championship mode and not single practice run option . The lack of options and mode generally hampered the quality of this game badly . Here 's the drill
 I can not believe how terrible this game is . With it 's increidibly long load times and impossible difficulty , this game is something that will just collect dust on your shelf . I guess the graphics are a bit superior to other games , as well as the fact that there is plenty of eye candy make for a good visual feast , but everything else is awful .
 I love the arcade version ! But this game does not cut it . The sound is terrible . Do n't get me wrong I like the game but I would much rather play something like ... . Pong ! The graphics are ok but the gameplay seems too slow to be flying over the water . The game is nothing special !
 I bought this game basically because the commercials looked good . . I wish I would have rented it first . A friend and I went through all the courses just once -LRB- except the venice canal - twice -RRB- , got first place on each one , unlocked all the courses , and boats . . we played the game for 2-3 hours . Tried just playing it to compete . . but it just was n't fun anymore . I 'm going to try to sell this game . The graphics are average , the game play is average , the game overall is average . . and too easy -LRB- regardless of what boat you use -RRB- . DO N'T BUY THIS GAME IF YOU ARE OVER 12 ! Go get Rippin Riders instead -LRB- snow board game , MUCH better -RRB- .
 Hydro Thunder is , as typical Midway games are , a wild ride . Unfortunately , that 's all you get . This game is about racing powerful boats along water canals . And you thought there was more ? If you count secret passages , speedups , cheesy AI , ridiculous scenery , and a bumpy learning curve enough to call this a worthwile game , by all means run to your local store . If not , you 're like me who yawned after the first half-hour . The game also has a two player mode , but it wears thin like the single player scenario . A four player option could have saved this game from sinking to the bottom of my list.CONCLUSION
 The graphics on this game are the worst . It looks like they threw it together at the last minute . Really bad . I can not stress it enough . Really bad .
 No options , no weapons , no fun . Go play mario kart but skip on this one
 I remember getting Hydro Thunder when it first came out on Sega Dreamcast . Even when I had bought it new -LRB- a long time ago -RRB- , I was n't too impressed . It was okay ... But not a stand out in my opinion . It was like if Daytona USA -LRB- which I think is better -RRB- was transitioned into a water racer . And for a Dreamcast game , it sure looks visually like the N64 's typical graphics . The gameplay was simple controller-wise . And game-wise it was simple & repetitive . This is a game you 'd get more value out of , by playing against friends . Obviously a fair amount of people would dissagree w / my opinions . While others may have similar thought 's on this title . I 'd say get it if : You find it for only a couple dollars.Your in need of adding games to your Dreamcast library.Or , you have played it or a game like it ... and liked it !
 This game is half cut scene / half game . The DVD was great , but my 5 year old and I are trying to get through the game with great agony for me . He is plugging away . I 'm giving hints via a handy walkthrough I found via google -LRB- Thank you MaGtRo -RRB- . Walk three steps , 2 minutes of dialog over and over . Yikes !
 ready to rumble made me laugh a lot . the music at the title screen made me press start quickly so it would stop . michael buffer is the scariest looking video game character ive ever seen . afro thunder is cool . oh yeah , the gameplay . the gameplay is weak . this game is funny for a few minutes , but after that it kinda sux .
 If you are a person that simply likes playing games with other people in multiplayer this game is perfect for you , it has funny charactors , great graphics , and a special feature where you can transport a trained boxer to another game on the VMU . If you are a person that likes games that keep you busy for a while this game is not for u it has horrible special moves and after a while it can become extremely boaring , unless your ' e a hard core boxing fan which I am not.So look at what i wrote and figure out where youre personality fits in before u buy this game .
 i 've had this game 3 time < or 3 copies of it > . Everyone i bought proceeded to work only if i opened the dc 's cd door and insert the game while the unit was on . Then after about 5 minutes of play it would promptly freeze up and stay that way . The bootom line only get this game if you know yours is n't screwed up .
 After playing the XBox demo I had high hopes for Indigo Prophecy . The initial encounter in the diner played out quite nicely . Split screen chaos , split second decision making , a simple interface , a ` mature ' storyline - the complete package . Good times guaranteed.Or not.Unfortunately the rest of the setups stumbled from boring to lame to worse . After the first ten minutes -LRB- i.e. the demo -RRB- the choose-your-own-adventure gameplay goes out the window and the cliches start hitting you hard and heavy . First off , could they have made the black cop any more stereotypical ? For whatever reason he 's the only character in the game that swears , his apartment is a funkified joke -LRB- ca n't get enough that vinyl , aw yeh -RRB- , brother-man loves the b-ball and the ladies too . Maybe that could be excused if he was n't such a dunce of a cop . All he does it complain about how tired he is and ca n't wait to get home with his woman . Plodding along we hit every other cliche in the book
 this has to be one of the worst games ive ever played . there is freedom to move around , but everything else follows a close script . there is no real shooting in the game which makes it far from the shooter catagory it was listed in . the story itself is hard to follow and not very great . dont waste your money . go buy frogger instead , it might be more of a challenge
 I really wish that I could give this game a good rating but when it arrived I tried to load it and it would not load in my computer.Of course I have a C ** py Dell and they dident put in the 32MG card I need to run this game . And Who knows just how much it will be to get one , HA HAMost likely a new computer though I just bought this one in Nov ,08 . AS Far as rating the Seller , it arrived fast and in great condition.To the people who did not like how I rated this game , It is hard to give a good rating to a game that I could not play . I did saythat it was my computer not the game itself.So if you like this kind of game buy it ! I wish like heck it that I could have played it .
 The multiple perspectives , chilling atmosphere , and killer graphics will keep you intrigued for the first few hours of play . However , the action sequences are mind-numbing . You have to play a sort of Simon routine by pressing buttons in the order that they are flashed on the screen . The button presses come fast -- so much so that you miss the action while paying attention to the buttons . The worst part is what other players describe as `` button-mashing sequences '' . In these you have to press the arrow keys repeatedly to motivate your character to run fast , hold on to a ledge , or some other `` feat of strength '' . No matter how fast you mash the buttons , it never seems fast enough and your character falls repeatedly to his death -LRB- or drowns , or gets run over , or ... -RRB- . An action sequence that seemed fun at first quickly gets HELLA BORING . I played on the easiest level and eventually gave up during one of the final battles . I did n't care about the ending enough to invest another hour in watching my character mangle himself and then indulge in a self-pitying death monologue
 OK , this is obviously bucking the trend of the other reviews , but I have to say I 'm really disappointed in Indigo Prophecy . -LRB- Note
 Indigo Prophecy promised innovative game play and story line . I was feeling like there was nothing new under the sun and waiting for sequels of beloved games to come out , so I purchased Indigo Prophecy . I read reviews suggesting that the controls were clumsy , but figured I could simply remap them on my keyboard . Boy , was I wrong . Not only are the controls impossible to remap , the movements required to play the game made me wonder if I was going to destroy my keyboard and mouse . One of the control sequences requires you to furiously tap the left and right arrow keys repeatedly . I mean FURIOUSLY . The only way to move that fast is to move HARD - hence the worry about damaging my keyboard . Another control sequence requires you to move the mouse in awkward and precise archs to climb . I found it impossible . I am not fine motor challenged , but I spent one hour a day for three days attempting to make the perfect shapes required with my mouse and failing . Without a save game option , I was forced to start from the bottom again and again . I had to just quit playing the game altogether for my own sanity and pc equipment . I love a challenging game , but this one does n't even go beyond those insane controls . It depends way too much on a impossibly perfect interface between your hands , the pc keyboard , and the mouse . And on you furiously tap and potentially damage your keyboard . Or you try , while clenching your jaw , to make perfect arches with flat bottoms within the two second time limit without running out of mouse pad space . I fell off the fence again ! I swear , I made the weird arch perfectly that time ! Aaaaaacccckkkk !
 The game has garnered some good reviews and I was impressed with the demo I had played . The beginning was fun and captivating , but that was where it ended for me . As I played on , I felt like I was playing a game that had ripped off several movies -LRB- End of Days , The Matrix , The Crow , etc. -RRB- . Not only that , the game was riddled with cliches , especially in regards to the African American cop.The gameplay is decent , but leaves much to be desired . This is especially evident during cutscenes when you are required to operate the controls . It detracts anyone from paying close attention to the story and ruins the cutscenes.The story seemed to go somewhat smoothly until you get close to the end . So little emphasis is payed to a huge chunck of time that your left wondering what happened , what did I miss.The most disheartening aspect of the game is that it 's short . I beat this the same day I bought it on the normal mode.The game trys to come off deep , but only proved to be thick-witted . I recommend to anyone who wishes to play this game to rent it .
 The premise of the game seems like it would have been interesting , however it is unplayable on PC , because the controls are HORRENDOUS . The worst , clunky , controls of any game I have ever played . I tried with both the mouse/keyboard , as well as with a usb game controller . The game I purchased was also glitchy . The game gets 1 star and that 's being generous . If you ca n't get past the first moments because the controls are THAT bad , then that 's saying something about how horrible it is . From what I understand , the console versions are n't as bad as the PC when it comes to the controls and functionality . I would definitely not recommend this game . There is no entertainment in a game this unplayable . Whomever developed the controls for the game made a serious error in judgment .
 This game makes you do the most mundane of things -LRB- literally making characters take a whiz , put on their clothes in the morning , eating food , etc. -RRB- in the most irritating and rather time consuming ways . This is the majority of the game . `` Seriously ?! I have to make him go to the bathroom ? '' Also , the love making scenes are really goofy . There are two successfully suspenseful moments , but they are short lived . The general storyline is fun , but cliched and rather hazy . You ca n't really watch the overly fantastic fighting scenes because you are too busy trying to hit the same combination of buttons over and over again . There is no real decision making here , it is simply a reflex/memory game . It gets old really fast and frankly it 's too easy . The best thing about this game is the split-second decision making you have to make during the dialogue . These decisions effect the game later on . I guess I could see its possible replay value , but I would have to be really bored . I regret spending the $ 40 on this game . Do n't buy it unless you just really want to relive your morning routine -LRB- except for the occult/murder part , of course -RRB- .
 This was one of the worst games I ever played as I could not use my mouse and I did n't have anything else to use .
 Ok , so this game was the best game I had ever played until about 2/3 of the way through it , then it became the worst game I had ever played . The infamous Indigo Prophecy syndrome exists , and this is where it all began ... Story is excellent until the middle , and the mechanics are hard to master , but that is a good element to the game.As for buying the game ? Probably not worth more than $ 20.00 maybe even less at this day and age.Thrilling and worth the effort to play , but looking it up on wikipedia is probably sufficient .
 The pretext sounded interesting , but in the end I felt that I have wasted a few bucks , bandwidth and a patience.Trying to get through the first scene alone was a pain due to the controls . Perhaps it is better on a console , but the mouse and keyboard movements are a disaster . I am not sure that I will try to go on further.Although the voice acting sounds good , the experience has been nothing but frustration .
 so i bought this game expecting good things . unfortunately , it 's quite overrated . . there are a lot of good things going for this game . there 's an original idea , amazing graphics , and a cool story line -LRB- i guess , if you can stand playing it long enough to get to it -RRB- . the problem with this game is the control and THE CAMERA !!!! the camera view is TERRIBLE , probably the worst i 've ever seen in a game . people are complaining about tomb raider legend 's camera view , well this one is a million times worse . it 's obvious this camera should have been done in a way where you see the character over his or her shoulder and it moves in the direction you move . instead , the camera 's moving all over the place . it makes it extremely frustrating to find your way around - even if you 're just looking for a door in your own apartment ! the sprint key is useless , too . if you try to sprint to get somewhere faster , your character just runs into something quickly . why ? because you ca n't move your character while he 's sprinting - he just sprints in a straight line . that 's bad control . the other problem with this game is the `` mini-games . '' you do n't experience these in the demo , but in the full game , your every important action depends not on FPS-like moves , but on silly little mini-games that are exactly the same as a `` simon says '' game . so almost this WHOLE GAME 'S GAMEPLAY depends on simon says ? that 's what i 'm telling you , believe it or not . and the other part of the gameplay depends on that crappy camera . sound dumb ? well , IT IS.the problem with this game is it 's a great game in theory . . and it could have been a great game in execution , but i guess the guy who made this game never really PLAYED many games . he 's got a lot of cool ideas , no doubt about that . but when all your actions depend on `` simon says , '' well it does n't really get you into the action . instead of the success of `` simon says '' determining whether you beat off a bunch of spiders , why not let me actually beat off the spiders ?? also , while the ideas here are original , most of the execution of the game is stolen from other games . the sims 2 , grand theft auto san andreas , and metal gear solid , to be exact . at this point in the game i 'm trying to navigate someone through a military base . . how is this done ? exactly like i 'm playing metal gear solid , except with the horrible camera control where i ca n't tell where i 'm going or what 's in front of me . fun ? i think not . frustrating ? very . you could just trudge through the game saying `` ok , the story will kick in and things will be cool once i get past this dumb part , '' but these dumb parts are just too much of the game -LRB- at least the part before i gave up ! -RRB- i 'm not even a big adventure game fan , but i believe games can be good in any genre . however , you need to do something well . if you 're going to make a good adventure game , do n't throw in a bunch of crappy mini-games that ruin things . in fact i 'd prefer if there were no action parts AT ALL if they 're done this poorly . the glowing reviews of this game are given just for the story , graphics and immersion factor.on the positive side , i did enjoy the execution of actual choices in an adventure game . you get some control over how the story turns out , and supposedly you can go back and play the game a different way and it will end differently . now that 's the kind of original thinking that PC games need . also instead of choosing from a stock list of questions , the questions you ask actually change the course of things a bit . -LRB- although i did n't like the time limit on quickly choosing which question to ask based on a vague keyword - perhaps full sentences or removing the time limit would have been better -RRB- . i also like how you get to play different characters on different sides of the same story . now that is some cool original stuff.also a scene at the beginning where you have to clean yourself up and get dressed quickly was fun . although the camera made it hard and i had to try about 3 times to get everything done right , it was pretty fun . this game should have stuck with its strong points . there are many games that are very `` limited '' but stick with their strong points and succeed greatly.and one more thing i forgot to throw in . . this game uses the ARROW keys . are you kidding me ? how am i supposed to use the arrow keys and mouse at the same time ? it 's clumsy . i had to reassign the keys to the typical WASD thing that every game uses now . it 's just another small sign of this game being more of a CONCEPT than a full-fleshed game . it IS , however , creative , at times very immersive -LRB- involving -RRB- and possibly a good sign of things to come from the creator , or other game creators in the near future .
 I can see how some folks would enjoy a pure arcade version with no reality whatsoever involved . Myself , I think I 'd like something more realistic.First downs are 30 yards , there are no penalties , there 's no kickoff , and there is no realism involved as far as athletic ability of the players . For example , if you complete a pass from Young to Rice -LRB- remember , this is 2000 ! -RRB- , and Rice has the open field , two defenders are actually able to catch up to Rice and tackle him . This is flat out ridiculous , even for an arcade game . Ditto Terrell Owens and Tim Brown , and I was able to stop other wideouts with linebackers just by squeezing the turbo button.The emphasis is obviously on bone-crushing tackles , but after an hour of play , the only really enjoyable aspect of this is the ability to cheap-shot the offensive players long after the ball is whistled dead . The field-goal kicking system is particularly vexing , as it was apparently designed by a chimp with ADD , and requires eight espresso-mochacchinos in order to maintain the twitch focus required to accurately split the uprights.Overall , I see this as a fun arcade game for younger kids not up to simulation-level gameplay , and guys/gals who just want to have fun beating each other 's players up . Me , if I want to beat up some guy , I 'll play Soul Calibur .
 I 'm still kicking myself for wasting my money on this game . Not only is it boring , I 've found technical glitches . For example , the sound does n't always work and the menus are difficult to navigate . If I could do it all over again , I 'd buy NFL 2K .
 This game is a sorry excuse for a football game . If you like wrestling , it might be of some interest , but it bears no similarities to actual football
 NO JOYSTICK USAGE ? WHAT 'S UP WITH THAT . DO N'T BE FOOLED BY THE BOX , THIS GAME STINKS !! THE SAME AIR CRAFT GRAPHICS AS USAF -LRB- WHICH I HAVE AND I 'D GIVE IT 5 STARS ! -RRB- FIRST OF ALL , YOU CA N'T USE A JOYSTIC -LRB- ... -RRB- DO N'T BUY THIS GAME IT 'S GOT THE SAME PRICE AS USAF AND BY THE WAY DO N'T BOTHER WITH F-15 EATHER ! -LRB- I HAVE ALL THREE AND FROM BEST TO WORST IT 'S : USAF , F-15 , THEN FINALY IAF -RRB- -LRB- ... -RRB-
 NO JOYSTICK USAGE ? WHAT 'S UP WITH THAT . DO N'T BE FOOLED BY THE BOX , THIS GAME STINKS !! THE SAME AIR CRAFT GRAPHICS AS USAF -LRB- WHICH I HAVE AND I 'D GIVE IT 5 STARS ! -RRB- FIRST OF ALL , YOU CA N'T USE A JOYSTIC , WHICH -LRB- IS REALLY ANNOYING -RRB- . SECOND , THE LAND SCAPE -LRB- IS BAD -RRB- , BUT MOST IMPORTANTLY THE COMANDS ARE -LRB- MESSED UP -RRB- . DO N'T BUY THIS GAME IT 'S GOT THE SAME PRICE AS USAF AND BY THE WAY DO N'T BOTHER WITH F-15 EATHER ! -LRB- I HAVE ALL THREE AND FROM BEST TO WORST IT 'S : USAF , F-15 , THEN FINALY IAF -RRB- I 'D DEFINETLY TAKE A GOOD LOOK AT
 Beware ! You can not play this game on many -LRB- all ? -RRB- MacBooks , MacMinis , and as I found out the hard way , on my iMac . Before you buy it , check your `` graphics/displays '' info in `` about this Mac . '' If you have the Intel GMA 950 chipset model , you wo n't be able to play the game . Very disappointing on Christmas day to watch my rally racing fans install it and be told
 Thought I would finally get a decent rally game on the Mac and was totally disappointed . While everything looks good the steering is absolutely unusable . The dead zone just does not set correctly so you have to throw the wheel back and forth to get any sort of response . This surprises me since the Ford Racing works so well.I see from other reviews and chat forums that this is a common `` feature '' . Emailed support twice with no response.Definitely would not recommend this until a patch is released . Then I am sure things will be as promised .
 i bought this game but its graphics are primitive its just that i will never buy another origin title after this.i threw it to the garbage the day after i played it for the 1 time.Don ' t Buy This Game !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 A nice collection of antic games , but it lacks refurbishing . The box is highly deceptive - none of the games run under Windows 95/98 - only the helps system and the sneak peaks . Several interviews with the creator add some spice for the hardcore fans though . I would n't recommend it for anybody but the hardest fans or the extreme enthusiasts . My recommendation to Origin - update the games before republishing ! Follow the LucasArts example with X-Wing and Tie Fighter .
 I never got into the ultima title so I thought this would be a great way to get into it . It advertised it was the complete first eight titles in one . However it was only the first three adventures and they are uncompatible with the newer computer systems despite the claim it would be . My computer locked up every time I tried to play it . Over all I found it very disappointing .
 It 's pretty simple , here . Ultima games only became worth purchasing beginning with Ultima 7 . So you want three games if want old-school Ultima
 I know that the Ultima games are awesome but I ca n't play any of them.This title has been on backorder since early January . Do n't waste your time ordering . I will get my software the day after never . . !!
 I tried installing on an intel based mac and was unable to get the application to run . tried to see if I could get support from Aspyr media without any luck - they apparently do not support this product except for 2 older patch downloads . Do not purchase if you have an intel based mac - it wo n't run !
 i do n't know what the problem was , but this just did n't work for me at all . the S-video connector did n't plug into either of the two TVs i tried , and i ordered directly from amazon and tried exchanging for a replacement that did n't work either . very disappointing .
 Didnt receive product pictured . Product had composite and s-video . S-video signal had diagonal black lines . Purchased this because picture did n't have composite video output , only s-video which others have said is a better product than those with both outputs .
 Ordered an S-Video cable , received a composite cable . The item is not at all what is described as for sale .
 This cable is a cheap piece of junk and does not work.Don ' t waste your money on this ! Does not work !!!
 Regardless of the primarily positive reviews this item has gotten the one I received , sold by Amazon themselves , was cheaply made to short , and frayed .
 Sure I love the Sims as much as the next girl but this sucks.I reallllllllllllllllllly dont recommend it.It gets boring in 1 hour.I love all the other ones-Unleashed , House Party , Vacation and whatever others but this , its horrible!Unless you love getting bored this game is not for you.I think it was a waste of money.I gave mine to my friend.I waited to get it forever!Now I hate it.I mean sure some parts are awesome and there is tons of new stuff.Like the robot and the grim reaper and the windows and tiles and stuff but the game itself has a poor design.I mean its just boring.My boyfriend and I hate it !
 I must admit that this expansion adds what it promises . i will spare you a listing of what 's new and improved and get straight to the point of what is new but makes the game unenjoyable - at least under certain conditions . I have one word for you
 This microphone has several issues.First of all , since it hangs on your ear , adjusting the microphone is not possible . It will always hang away from your face or sags too low.The second problem is that you need to yell to be heard . Since it hangs away from your face , everything you say is filtered out as background noise until you yell.Finally , it is not comfortable . It hangs loosely , sometimes slips off , and the earpiece does not feel comfortable since it is oval shaped.The standard headset in the 360 package is superior to this . Save your money .
 I really liked the Plantronics X20 for the origional XBOX so i gave this one a try once i got a 360 . It is very poorly designed . When you put it on the headset is very loose on the ear and constantly feels like it will fall out while gaming . This becomes very distracting at times . A headset should serve its purpose while allowing the user to forget its there -LRB- which the X20 did well -RRB- . Also the connector seems to fit loosely and has to be pulled out and reinserted every now and then.I gave this a 2 because as stated before its still better than the stock headset ... just because that is so uncomfortable . Get an X20 for the 360 if you can find one or get this if its cheap .
 I thought this headset was great when I first got it . It fit securely , and it did not pick up much outside noise in the microphone . I liked it much better than the original 360 headset , and another Plantronics Headset -LRB- that I broke -RRB- . Anyway , like I said , the first month I had this headset , the earpiece sat comfortably and firmly in my ear . However , within the past 2-3 weeks , the rubber piece that keeps the headset attached to the side of your face has gotten REALLY loose . It constantly moves around on my face now , and I ca n't keep the microphone to stay near my mouth . It drops down all the way to my neck , and people can never hear me.I would defnititely recommend NOT buying this headset . It worked well in the beginning , but in the long run , I would go with something else .
 I legitimately ca n't even get this thing to stay attached to my ear . I 'm not sure how I 'm supposed to use it.Stay away .
 Well I bought this to go with my AX360 5.1 headset for the 360 since it would fit under nicely and at first it was alright.Number one issue even though you can rotate the mic it is only in the right position one way . The other way it 's sticking out to the side.The incredibly big issue though is the microphone is incredibly horrible . The Xbox can never pick up your voice unless your yelling and even then it 's as if your whispering . I think quality control should have picked up on this issue.I tried plugging it into my cell phone and it was incredibly quiet . After a month of use , I finally twisted the mic a bit to much and that was the end of the mic . I found a cell headset for $ 10 that was much better than this.For all my troubles though I had Plantronics send me another one , just so it could sit in the package . At least I got two crappy headsets for the price of just one in the end .
 First the mic stem on this headset is VERY short it does not go to your mouth resulting in ALOT of `` Huh ? What did you say ? '' . My friends say it sounds like I 'm talking from down a tunnel . Second the mic arm is not flexible , it 's rigid and thats all there is to it so if you wan na adjust too bad.I 'm extremely dissatisfied with this headset and it broke the second day I had it . So ticked over it I never even sent it back for a refund just pitched the thing in the trash to be rid of it .
 I wanted to like this headset because it fits very well under headphones unlike most of the other products available . However , it just is n't any good.The main problem is that it does n't pick up your voice unless you talk so loudly that you are basically yelling . And even then it sometimes cuts out while you are still talking.Also the boom on the microphone is not long enough which exacerbates the first problem.Another problem is that it becomes really uncomfortable and starts to hurt your ear after about 20 minutes or so.And finally , the mute/volume control is halfway up the cord and inconvenient to use while playing.One thing I did n't have a problem with was the quality of incoming audio . That was very good , significantly better than the stock 360 headsets .
 I 'm considering selling mine on ebay after only 2 weeks . It 's hard to get the mic itself to come around to being in front of my mouth and I 've had several complaints about being too quiet . I have been able to force it over but it really needs a longer mic stalk . I have also not found it as comfortable as so many reviews here led me to believe it would be . It 's usuable but I really think I would like to find something else . I consider my head , ears , etc. to be of pretty average size so I do n't think it 's just my physique leading to these problems .
 I purchased this headset because it seemed to have a reasonable price , that was it . It is comfortable in my opinion , and does n't feel like it could fall off at all . The sound comes in very clear , but my complaint is that it is EXTREMELY difficult to communicate to others . The mic is connected to a hard-plastic straw that does n't bend toward the mouth , and the only way that I could get the mic to pick up my voice was to either yell or take one hand off my controller in order to push the mic closer to my mouth to talk . I 've been using the headset that came with my Xbox 360 instead , and I think it is a very good headset , considering it came with my Xbox 360 for free .
 The first night I got this headset it was broken , most players could not hear me , then it broke in half ! So i got a new one . This one did not break but most players would say , `` You are too loud !! '' even thought i was whispering , or `` static and crackling '' . Over all a horrible product . do n't buy
 I purchased this headset after the one that came with the xbox broke ... Do not buy this headset , buy an overear one . This one is hard to get into your ear , very uncomfortable , and goes so far into your ear and gets covered by my brother 's ear wax ... Also , the mic is not that sensitive , and my friends can not hear a thing I say online . You can ; t even bend the mic towards your mouth!DO NOT BUY IT !! GET AN OVEREAR VERSION !!! *** This is an update *** Just yesterday , the mic started going bad . My voice is fuzzy ... I wish I could give this a negative rating.once again DO NOT GET THIS HEADSET !!!
 I purchased this headset as a replacement for my stock Xbox 360 comm . unit.The standard headset that comes with the 360 puts pressure above my ear and causes me to get headaches . I thought the under the ear design was the perfect answer . The fit is comfortable -LRB- although the ear bud rotates a bit too easily -RRB- , and the incoming audio is great ; however , the mic is horrible . My friends could not hear me at all unless I was almost shouting and sometimes not even then . I would not recommend this headset to anyone . I replaced it with another Plantronics model : Xbox 360 Over Ear Headsetwhich works great and is much more comfortable for me than the standard Microsoft headset .
 This game works fine if you use Windows 98 . If you are using Windows XP or 2000 , the game does not run at all . Very unhappy with game . No installation instructions or game instruction . Do n't waste your money .
 This 4-disc set installs each game on your PC , but then requires the proper game disc to be inserted for each game to be played ... useless on a MAME arcade setup like I have because one can not easily access the computer 's CD-ROM drive each time one wants to play.Software companies that $ sell $ me their software and then treat me like a thief by restricting my use of the programs do n't set well with me .
 I read the reviews that raved about this product but they were wrong . Pinball is about flippers , bumpers , and tactically nudging the table to get more play from the ball . It 's not about inceasent boggie music , disembodied voices making pithy comments , flashing scores and pictures at the top of the table that distracts play , and prezel-shaped channels that limit maneuvering . About one thing the reviewers were correct
 fallout one is awesome , fallout two wo n't install and neither will fallout tactics which is included in this pack . Dont waste your money . The fallout series is awesome in its detail and is one of the best old-school rpg 's that you can really get immersed in ... I just wish the format was better quality .
 This game had a great opening , but came with no instructions -LRB- a serious downside -RRB- and a steep learning curve . Once I got going , it became painfully aparent that the game was tediously slow . Unless you want to spend the better part of your life playing an outdated game , pass on this one .
 Fallout is a turn-based game , and I prefer real-time games like Diablo II and Baldur 's Gate far better . Fallout just seems too slow .
 I Bought this collection being tricked into believing it was the bundle but instead they send me some game collection called Fallout Collection the one that has Fallout 1 , 2 , and Tactics The second one does not work the first one has problems when you play and Tactics wo n't even let me install it
 This is by far the worst game I ever started to play . I felt my way through total darkness in vault 13 killing all the rats and hoping things would get better . I then felt my way through Shady Sands killing all the scorpions -LRB- in total darkness -RRB- hoping things would get better . I then felt my way around in vault 15 -LRB- in total darkness -RRB- trying to find the elevator and decided this game was not for me . Spending hours feeling my way around in the dark trying to find places and things while fighting rats and scorpions is not my idea of fun .
 Technology has moved along , and I 'm afraid it has left Descent along with it . I had bought this as a great link to games in my past , but was unable to get it to reliably play on a modern computer . Not recommended .
 What I ordered was supposed to be for Windows 95/98 & Windows ME , but what I was sent is only compatible with Windows 95/98 & DOS , so there is some false advertising going on here ... therefore , I can not accurately rate the game since I can not get it to play in my system.This is bad business !
 I ordered this game because i had played the earlier game with the DOS format . This was supposed to run on windows , but it did n't . I sent and received multiple emails to the manufacturer , but never could get it to run on my computer . I have a modern HP Pavilion computer that runs anything else I want it to , but not this game . They said it must be my sound card ??? And , of course , they would n't refund my money . I purchased this game through Amazon.com . I 'm out about $ 50.00 or so . Live and learn .450.00 or so . Live and learn . The lowest rating I can give this game is one star , but I actually rate it as a 0 .
 I was looking forward to playing this game . My MS VISTA would not support it . It might be DOS Based only .
 I guess I should n't really complain because I bought this game used for -LSB- dollar smmount -RSB- . But even so , I was disappointed . The Mummy game has some interesting puzzles , but you have to put up with a lot of smarmy commentary from Malcom McDowell 's character all the while . It really got old . Then I felt like the ending was so cheesy and abrupt that it was n't worth the trouble of figuring anything out to get there . It was a true let-down . The Frankenstein game is equally frustrating . Lots of wandering around , having no clue what you 're doing . Then once you figure out the puzzle , you want to kick yourself for wasting so much time on it . Because it really leads nowhere . Overall , both these games are decent pastimes , as long as you 're not expecting high adventure or fast-paced entertainment . Which , sadly , I was .
 My eight-year-old son and I were really into playing this . But we were both a bit disappointed . He was disappointed that there never was an actual mummy.The gamer becomes the character Michael Cameron , a somewhat whiney city-boy who works for the mining company . A mummy scare runs through the mining camp and a strike is threatened . Cameron arrives in Egypt to find out what 's going on and to make sure the miners do n't strike . The Cameron character is completely out of his comfort zone , he complains often , and yet , he 's supposed to be resourceful enough to figure out what 's going on and how to get into the tomb . I did n't want to be around this guy , but I was stuck with him.Acting was stiff overall , especially once inside the tomb . The dead Pharoh and especially the High Priest who whines at you to read a life-giving incantation . Eventually he wants the scroll from you as well . When you finally give it up , rather than you handing it to him at the bottom of the screen like elsewhere in the game , the scroll is awkwardly thrown at him by someone off screen . Malcolm McDowell , although fairly well acted , was basically the same arrogant jerk character he usually plays . His constant appearance was annoying and seemingly forced in our face every time we exited a hut or turned a corner . -LRB- Can you say `` BADDD GUYY ? -RRB- The game play was stiff as well . We suggest saving before trying any new action or solution . We would die several times before solving a puzzle , not because the solution was hard to figure out , but the clunky interface caused the solution to be difficult to decipher . Often , we had to click on a specific part of something to get a desired result . In the meantime , we 'd die . Items in our backpack could only be used for specific times even though , logically several items could be used.Also , we were corralled into specific actions . For example , when earthquakes shake the mine , logic would assume we can exit up a nearby air shaft . But NOO ! We were coralled into racing through the tunnels valiantly , only to die just short of the shaft . After many sickening groans as the screen went black -LRB- this was always the experience of our death -- even as we drowned and likely could n't have groaned -RRB- we were illogically expected to exit a different way.Most of the initial puzzles were enjoyable common sense repairs and utilizing the things at hand , such as repairing wires and printing out computer data.Some puzzles had solutions that could only be realized by either dumb luck or by dying on several attempts . After a particular water puzzle , the door to the stairway is open . However , you slip on the centuries-old slimy stairs until you discover an Egyptian rug has mysteriously appeared in the middle of the room.At the end , I try to give the power crystal to McDowell . Each time I tried to open my back pack to get it , McDowell would shoot me . I may have had a bug in the machine but eventually I was able to complete the game.The end was pretty anticlimactic and predictable . Overall , it 's an O.K. game to pass the time but it wo n't fill you with a sense of fulfillment or accomplishment . And it wo n't impress an eight-year-old boy .
 I purchased the Mummy - Tomb of the Pharaoh , got Frankenstein free . Boy am I glad I did n't have to pay for it . I played and restarted over and over again . I finally reached a point where I just had enough of it . The maze is difficult even with a walkthrough . I finally made it and did everything I was told to do , which supposedly would straighten out the maze for future trips through it , but it never held . Good graphic , just frustrating .
 I thought the Mummy part of this bundle was very enjoyable . It is a 2-D adventure/puzzle game . It was a fun diversion , although sometimes the acting/writing faltered slightly . Still , even though it was fun , the game is the shortest adventure game I have EVER played . I finished it in a weekend , and I am not a fast gamer at all . I would say there is maybe ten hours of gameplay . This will vary from person to person , of course.As for Frankenstein , that was a disappointment . I tried to play the game , and twice when I loaded up the game , I found that all my saved games had disappeared , forcing me to start over . After the second time this happened , I just decided not to bother again . The game was not that great to start with , anyway . I found it less interesting than The Mummy , because you are restricted to just a few rooms to explore , and there are many annoying mazes connecting those few rooms that add nothing to the gaming experience.Overall , I think even for the low , low price of this gaming bundle , you can still do better .
 These games are okay if you 're really bored , but their really not worth your time . Especially the Mummy game , it 's really short and pretty unimaginative . Some aspects of Frankenstein are interesting , but I found it rather hard to get a hang of the game .
 Is this even a game ? All you do is control this little hand that 's a pointer and click on random objects . It 's really stupid . I could n't even get out of the airplane on the mummy game . Not only that but on my other computer , some how , the mummy game made a directory called c : \ mummy files \ and my computer was messed up for a while because of that . Maybe my version had a bug . But after it did that , my CD-ROM would n't work right because it couldnt find all it 's files . For some reason my computer thought c : \ mummy files was c : \ program files so alot of my programs would n't work . Some are still messed up because when I try to run something , it ca n't find mummy.exe . So it 's not only a really bad game , but the installation software is really messed up . This game would n't even be entertaining for 3 year olds . If you want a good family game , try something from Hoyle . Or if you want a good game filled with action , try Tomb Raider . These games are just an insult to video games .
 For 10 bucks , I guess it will pass the time . I never got through either one of them . Dark and obscure . I did enjoy and get through Myst , Amber , and Gabriel Knight3 . These were just so boring to me I gave up .
 The games did n't even work , and it is n't that fun . Do n't buy
 I bought this game and the add-on pack a long time ago for 10 bucks ; I would charge about half that amount now . The game will make you laugh for a while but the joke gets old real fast . The graphics are poor -LRB- awful compared to today 's standard -RRB- and it has some game killing bugs . Download and install any/all the patches before playing . If you are aching for some quick run-and-gunplay and you can find this game for under 10 bucks , buy it ; just do n't expect too much .
 ca n't get the gun 's or voice to work ?
 I used to have Redshift Planetarium software . It 's out in the garage somewhere , but I thought I 'd order this newer software to put on my new computer instead of Redshift because I figured it would be more up to snuff , being newer software -LRB- plus , the name Isaac Asimov was a selling point for me ; I admire and respect the old guy , may he rest in peace . But I was sooo wrong!With Redshift , I could move my POV out into the solar system in stunning 3-D , stand on another planet and observe from there , perhaps look at Saturn from the surface of Titan , or my POV could follow the progress of a NASA mission like Voyager or Apollo 11 from start to finish in sped up time . I used to sit for hours just outside the atmosphere of Mars watching the ACCURATE terrain move slowly by below me or just fly from one moon of Jupiter to the next #did I mention all of this is in 3-D ? -RRB- . You ca n't do any of that stuff with this so-called `` Planetarium '' flat-earth software.I ca n't beleive Isaac Asimov put his name on this stuff while he was alive unless needed the money , because the Dr. Asimov that I knew and loved would have had a lot more class.I think I 'll go out to the garage and find my Redshift .
 I was surprised when I got this game . I thought it was supposed to be a brain game . I guess I missed the part where it said it was for preschoolers . Way too easy for anyone over 5 .
 Terrible user interface , takes about 15 seconds to go from one game to the next . Ok for the price.Under vista has a problem as it screws up my second monitor which I use to extend the desktop.Summary , slow to start up , very sloooooow between games .
 I was eager to get the `` game '' but disapointed that it was visually more for a young person 's eye , mind . I made an assumption that this would help me memory issues . Some of the `` lessons '' are good in their timing etc. , but in general the content is out of line for adults 30 's on up.Thanks for listening . `` More Brain Games by OnHand 32228 00238
 I bought this thinking it was something new . I read the reviews here and they looked good . What none of the reviewers must have known , is this * IS * a downloadable game called `` Mind Machine '' . And that is ALL that 's on the disk ! I was so disappointed , as I had downloaded and played a demo of Mind Machine long ago and did n't care for it . There are n't enough games so they are repetitious , and there is too much `` junk '' filling up the screen , time wasted with silly graphics etc. . To market this as `` More Brain Games '' and say on the box , `` you 'll never run out of games because More Brain Games has hundreds of levels and varieties of play '' is Bull . It may have hundreds of levels , but it does not have hundreds of varieties of play , and such a boringly limited number of games . Another annoyance is you have to use the mouse , ca n't use numberpad or keyboard , which slows down one 's time considerably in some games . Download the game Mind Machine and you have this . I 'm going back to online subscription brain training programs . . much more variety , better executed , and much more personalized .
 maybe my problem is that i never played the original brain games . for the most part these games are good for clearing out the cobwebs -- testing memory and the speed of your eye to hand and then the agility of your mouse . Nothing too challengeing .
 yes it can open GAMES < but as the title says for the product `` open systems '' , I DONT THINK SO LIERS ... . not long enough !!
 This screwdriver is a rip off . The end is not small enough to fit in the holes for N64 or gameboy color games .
 Item shorter than the screwdriver in the picture . Started to strip screws on my SNES . Stopped as soon as that happened and now I have to find another screwdriver to replace this product . Got what I paid for . :-LRB- Lesson learned and moving on .
 Does n't work , when I try to unscrew my SNES screws it just slides back up and I ca n't do anything about it .
 The description is wrong - this is not long enough to reach the two deepest holes of Nintendo Virtual Boy . I suppose I will keep it since it is otherwise OK quality and may come in handy for other game systems . I will attempt to alter this one with a dremel to see if I can make it work on the Virtual Boy . ** Update ** I used a Dremel to cut away part of the fat hex head where it first meets the shaft in order to make it skinny enough to fit into the 2 deepest holes of the Virtual Boy . This worked . I was able to open it up , remove the one defective LED assembly , reflow the ribbon cable using the heat of a hair dryer , applied a lot of pressure , and now I am back in business with a perfect display .
 Very poorly machined and manufactured . The teeth on the bit are too large for the screws and does not fit very well . Look else where if you want a quality tool .
 Well that sucked . Its so poorly manufactured that it did n't work.I posted a picture of what the tip looks like . Because its really obvious . This is just zoom in to make it clear , but even a quick look at the bit and you can see it . Someone at the factory or the seller should check these for flaws . Because they are not hard to see.Anyway I 'm filing a complaint on Amazon and asking for my money back .
 I thought this bit would go down to the deepest screw in the virtual boy but it is n't long enough to reach the deepest two , it gets stuck if you try
 Many people that write the bad reviews for this product think that this is for the NES/SNES/N64 GAMES , but this is for the consoles ONLY . But even considering that , this bit is made poorly.I used it to open my SNES and it barely fit on the screws . In addition to that , the bit is now stripped and I ca n't use it anymore , it just slips off any screw .
 I got a short black bit , not the long silver bit pictured above . Very disappointed , thou I was able to get the job done .
 This tool was useless ! It was too big to fit in the screw holes on the games and when I tried to open an old console , all I managed to do was damage the teeth on the tool , ruinning it !
 Metal seems far too soft , mine stripped after the 2nd screw . If you are using it to unscrew a SNES or Super Famicom , DO NOT use a drill with it ! Not only did it strip the bit but also the screws themselves . Genesis games however can easily be opened by hand with this .
 Mortyr is a very strange game . The game plays and feels like a straight update of the old `` Castle Wolfenstein '' game . The game 's limited 3D engine is the only real difference.It has this real interesting plot
 I got this for my nephew on a buy one get one free deal . He really wanted it and since it was free I took a chance to see if it would work on my newer computer but no such luck.The game loaded to the start screen but almost the entire screen was random flashing pixels . I tried to start a game but it got stuck on the `` loading '' screen . I was able to `` escape '' back to the start screen but when I tried to quit it would n't leave the start window . I finally had to quit from the task window and remove the game from my computer.This might work on an older machine but definitely not on a newer one . At least I did n't lose any money .
 The only types of pc games I play are shooter games and I got ta tell you that Mortyr is a waste of money . I mean , it is one boring game . The weapons are uninteresting , there are no puzzles at all , when you 've played level 1 and level 2 you 've basically seen all there is to see . And the villians are bland and , for the most part , are not challenging and graphics offer nothing new . In other words this game lacks pretty much everything , but most of all it lacks imagination . If you 've got $ 40 bucks to spend then buy UNREAL and/or its sequel Or the new Half-Live Opposing Force game . I 've finished them both and can tell you that Mortyr pales in comparison to them and most every other shooter game for that matter going back to the shareware days of DOOM . Save your money .
 Man , I wish no one had ever seen this . It 's just plain awful
 Mortyr looks good on the box cover , and the description of it has potential but when you install it and play it the disappointment is intense . I have a rocking gaming computer and this game still is lame . The graphics are old school , the gameplay is boring and unchallenging , the software itself is very badly designed , the sound is straight out of Doom 1 DOS version . Do n't buy this title , unless you enjoy throwing away your money . Get Half-Life , Kingpin , or Soldier of Fortune if you want a fun , and challenging first person shooter with good graphics and sound . I was really suprised that Interplay , a company that has released some awesome titles in the past , let this one get released .
 I bought this game thinking , hey , cool , another world war 2 first person . I really liked the idea of an alternate reality of what would the world could have been like had we not won during WW2 . First thing I do is try to install the game , and it complains of not finding the cd files . Next I hack the files so that they install , then the game finally lets me play . I get into it and it seems alright , until I realize the controls are horrible and the levels are confusing and boring . I 'm glad I only bought it used and did n't pay full :-D . Worst game ever ...
 You are better off playing pong or some of the old Atari games . Save your money . Graphics are terrible and control is worse .
 THis game will have you running errands f-o-r-e-v-e-r . And ever . This game has way to much talking in it as well . I know . I know . RPG 's are supposed to have talking . But come on . This one will torcher even the biggest fan of cliched characters . Worst of all , the battles stink . Sorry to break it to you . Skip this one and move on to greener pastures .
 - reading endless text -LRB- no sound -RRB- - run errend ... - reading more - run more errend ... Kingdom of Paradise is a muuuuuch better choice
 This really really stinks because after about 1 month the L , R , Z , and left joystick do n't work . It 's not the batteries . I emailed them and said I did something to them . This basically sucks .
 This PS2-specific cable offers many improvements over a standard Ethernet cable . It comes in a stylish blister pack . But what 's that you say ? Almost all Ethernet cables come in blister packs ? Well , here 's something you ca n't say about just any Cat-5E cable -- it 's blue . That 'll match your PS2 , right ? Oh . Well , um , at least this cable still costs several dollars more than its less-elaborately-branded competition . That 's got to count for something .
 This game requires a high memory video card not found on most Mac computers.Be careful when buying any version of this game . Do n't purchase without verifying the required video card .
 After reading bad reviews on the TW golf series -LRB- for Mac -RRB- , I found I could get the Tour 2003 and Tour 2012 for 5 bucks each , so I did it.The bad reviews were right ! - The 2003 had no useful help , but I found a document that shows the keystroke symbols for a variety of actions , but they do n't explain what keys the symbols represent ! I assume this doc refers to the 2003 and 2012 games.The programs obviously have many neat options . I 'll have to work to figure them out . Any help would be appreciated .
 I installed this on two different relatively new computers and it ran horribly on both - sound and video was very slow and choppy rendering the game unplayable and frustrating both my kids to no end . Both computers I tried it on were running windows XP and have no problems running any other gaming software . Save yourself some money and headaches and pass on this worthless garbage .
 Well . . for an acade game it 's ok . But it lacks online play , and you can not unlock any of the aircraft without first going through the campaign and `` earning '' them . Hello ? I pay x $ and I have to `` earn '' the right to use a specific aircraft?How not fun , dumb actually . No cheat codes will unlock them in the PC game , though there are unlocks for the PS2 , X-box etc. . How nice of Lucas Arts.You 'd be better off buying a flight sim for Battle of Britain say , that has all the aircraft available at once without any prerequsite advanced skills required , or hours of play put into it first so you can use an ME-109
 If this is a lucas art game ` s. I don?t know what happend with it.This is a very bad game . I have it , new . I had played many times but i can find the interest on it.The planes can not be total contoled . Bad graphics , well bad when we had looked anothers lucas art games . It ` s simple to me . I do n`t like it . I perfer IL-2 , expansion of it and Pacific figthers.I put my money on trash with this game.Sorry It is the true .
 When you first look at this game 's options it seems pretty good . You have clay/hard/grass courts , choose from 1 , 3 , or 5 set matches , play a tournament , play singles or doubles , 3 kinds of difficulties . The 16 fictious characters are cartoony and clearly done after the pros . Sampyon is looks like Sampras , Daisy looks like Hingis.When you step onto the court things get bad . It 's a $ 10 game and I was n't expecting a Virtua Tennis style game but gameplay is a bit slow . It 's really tough to hit a passing shot by the computer player . It 's also easy to swing and miss or if your timing is a little off , you 'll spray the ball way out of bounds . There is a separate button used to hit volleys . This is a great concept since a volley is an important shot in tennis . But , volleys are supposed to be hit sharply and towards the sidelines . In this game , volleys are popped way up high and the ball will land about an inch over the net , allowing your opponent time to walk over and hit it back to you . That is if the computer player were smart enough to walk over and hit it back to you . The AI is bad , and the player will stand and watch these popped up volleys land on its side of the net without hitting it back.Doubles is awful . Sometimes two computer controlled players will stand face to face at the net and just hit the ball back and forth to each other while your player watches.And why does the player who is receiving serve stand between the baseline and the service box for all serves . That 's way to close and looks unrealistic.Finally , all my negative points were directed toward the AI and how bad it is . If you have 2 human players -LRB- or 4 for doubles -RRB- this game might not be that bad . You 'd still have some slow gameplay and may swing and miss the ball , but with some practice it could be good . If you have someone else to play this with and you all love tennis , you may want to give this game a chance . It 's one of those games that 's $ 10 and might be worth a look . If you do n't have someone else to play this with I do n't recommend it . Instead use your $ 10 to buy `` Board Game
 The price tag on this game really tells it straight-forward
 Granted that this is an inexpensive game , there is no on-screen guides to let you gauge how much power should be used in the serves or returns . Also , there is no guide for targeting , except for the direction in which the little -- almost too fuzzy to see -- players are pointed . Game play is virtually by rote reaction . Given the overall quality and speed of the graphics , I question whether anyone would REALLY WANT to spend the amount of time that it takes to get used to the control of the game . This game is definitely NOT for children or anyone else who lacks hours of patience to be able to learn just to serve.I expected more , even from an inexpensive game.Mario Tennis for Nintendo 64 is FAR BETTER than this game , even for grown-ups
 This could have been a real fun , simple , straight forward tennis game but the control keeps it from success . The cartoony graphics are old-school but well done and fun . I suppose with some effort you could get used to the timing and collision but its just not intriguing enough to encourage that type of investment . A-1 games has the right idea for producing quality budget games but this one falls short of the net .
 this gane has horrible graphics and i havent played it since i got it . it is not realistic to tennis
 I think it is the best game in the world an its great and it 's wonderful and entertaining and a must buy
 I bought this game a little after i got my ps1 , and not only does this game frustrate you and make you want to turn it off , but nothing really is happening , no actual storyline.I couldnt even stand going through 2 stages , which might i add are seemingly pointless since most of the time the item you want is right next 2 you when you start out , and all you have to do is touch the exit ... its obviously the worst rpg of all time!along side with time stalkers -LRB- dc -RRB- . never ever buy this game , the only one decent thing is some of the characters look kind of -LRB- i said kind of -RRB- kewl looking , but not really that great.this is the hugest disgrace to rpg 's ! might i add its not really an rpg , a1 just labeled it that , cuz they are the worst video game producing company.they spend about 3 days on each game.stay away from all a1 titles !
 The game was overall very disappointing . The gameplay was repetative and clearly lacked any substance . Even the title on this one is misleading . A game that is best avoided .
 This game is dead . NCsoft shut it down . These people who are selling it just want to steal you money ...
 This pre-order is NOT worth it . There are only a few beta slots left . You will NOT get in more than two days before release . Just buy the game and play the day it opens . If you want the special item , buy the collector 's DVD edition .
 This game feels somewhat like the Atlantis movie sequel Milo 's Return , it 's so God-awful you 'll wan na take Milo out back , deep into a forested area , and shoot him dead this game sucks so bad . Your mission
 All of Disney 's games like this are just ... -LRB- bad -RRB- . All you do is go around and blast things . Its a bore . Dont even dare think about buying this game . Or The Emporers New Groove , so ... -LRB- bad -RRB- . It in my estimate costs them almost nothing 2 produce this game i played it and its so ... -LRB- bad -RRB- . If Disney read this review id say that Walt Disneys Crew should never make disney games agian . This game is worth only $ 2.00 out of your money . And this should be rated worst game ever made . Oh and the movie ... -LRB- was bad -RRB- .
 this is a great game.the only thing i did n't like was that the eyes did n't close .
 I have played this game for 3 hours and am extremely disappointed ! The graphics are horrible , just plain UGLY by today 's standards . It has a camera system that will give you a headache . I am a big Matrix fan and the story may be interesting but it does n't do the movie justice . Honestly , this game has the worst graphics I 've ever seen on the Gamecube . I am an avid hardcore videogamer and the gameplay itself is nothing new or innovative . It feels like you 've `` been there and done that in other games '' and playing this is not entertaining but frustrating at times . I only wish that Dr. Doak and his team -LRB- Goldeneye 007 , and Timeplitters 2 -RRB- had looked over this game.What were the Wachowski Bros. thinking ???!!! they just want your ... $ $ $ money $ $ $ If you are a smart consumer , DO NOT BUY THIS GAME .
 I own this game and it is way too violent this thing has almost no plot and it is so stupidly animated it gives yo u a headache after the first 2 seconds of game time and I recommend a much more intelligent game like RPGs which are so cool they outshine the martix game a million to zero this game is a waste of money it is not worth it so get some better game that is so much better than this game for example Demi Kids dark or light version
 Anyone who gave this game a high score does n't know what they are talking about . First off , the controls are not as great as they should have been . They are not terrible but I have played games with much better controls . And the fighting could also use some major improvement . You basically just tap the kick and punch buttons until the person you are fighting is dead . You have very little control over what types of moves you can do . Gunplay is very cool and very well done , I must say that . Also the Focus feature is very awesome when combined with gunplay . But the driving levels left me very disappointent . I was expecting so much because they should have been really cool but you basically just have to hold down the gas . There is very little threat from other enemies . Also I must add this . Near the end of the game you are running through some buildings in the city trying to get away from Agent Smith . Now this sounds very cool but ultimately it is very frustrating . The arrow got me confused and often ran me into dead ends . I 'm willing to forgive that , but when you get stuck with Agent Smith and he somehow is able to repeatedly pick you up and throw you -LRB- even if you are not standing directly near him -RRB- 8 times in a row , you want to throw your controller at the TV . One cool element is the movie sequences . That is the main reason I rented the game . It does tie in with the Reloaded story and it 's cool that they got the actors to do their parts . But all of the stunts that you want to do which would be cool -LRB- i.e. jumping through windows , taking on Agent Smith etc. -RRB- are all played out for you using in-game cinemas.If you are a Matrix fan then you have to rent this game just to get the whole story . But DO NOT buy this game . At least not for $ 50 . And if you are not a Matrix fan this game will not make you one . My advice
 First off i ` de like to say that the graphics on this game really suck.second , this game is the what ghost and niobe are doing in the movie so there is no plot . thirdly , its too easy , i beat it in two days playing for at leas an hour each day.All-in-all this game sucks and the Wachosky brother bragged about WAAAAAAAAAy too much . it is a waste of both youre time and money .
 In terms of gameplay and controls alone , I give this game one star . Innumerable loading screens and tips that interrupt the action , confusing and often contradictory control layouts make it nearly impossible to pull off the moves you want ... I 'd like to go kung-fu on Shiny Entertainment , but even if they were unarmed , I think I 'd lose with these controls . Add to this the horrifying graphics and lackluster , crackly audio , and you 'll see why this game shames the name Matrix .
 First of all the graphics in this game are n't all that great . I mean I know Gamecube does n't have the best graphics but I did n't that graphics could look that bad for a contemporary game system ! Also the game has lots of levels but is too easy . I mean I beat normal mode in two days ! Anyway for the good things its sort of cool if you master all the focus moves for fighting enemies . Anyway the game 's okay . I would recomend the Lord of the Rings Two Towers instead of this game . Oh well , if your a true matrix fan get it if not get another game .
 OK . This game was fun . Easy to get into . Every technical aspect of this game was extremely flawed . The movies were laughably horrible , the clipping was bad , graphics were not good . The Gamecube version requires the swapping of discs after about 2 hours of play . The unlockable multiplayer -LRB- do n't read this as a good thing -RRB- was so bad that it literally came down to whoever mashed all the buttons faster won every time without getting hit . The levels ranged from the eerily easy -LRB- kill everyone -RRB- to the frustrating -LRB- protect good guys -RRB- to the downright evil -LRB- run from Agent Smith -RRB- . No , the run from Agent Smith level is not cool . If you even get within a few feet of him , he slams you to the ground repeatedly until you die . The last few levels flying the Logos are the worst part of any game in the last decade . I seriously wonder if any of the other reviewers bothered to play this game before reviewing it . This game had definite potential . Given another six months , I 'm sure the guys at Atari could have come up with a real gem , but this game is worth a rent for the scene in which Monica Belluci and Jada Pinkett Smith kiss . Nothing more .
 I wanted more out of Enter the Matrix . Not some simple kiddie game rated T for no reason . I awaited for this game in the GR -LRB- game-revolution , where I work -RRB- mail box so I could snag it ! But I snagged -LSB- stuff -RSB- . The game runs level based , like usual , and gives you two options for players , Ghost or Niobe . They each have the same missions except for car parts . Any way , the graphics are poor for the GCN . The focus button is the only cool part of the game . The like of different fighting skills is making the game boring . You do n't even get to keep your guns every level . They should look at Turok
 What can I say , I did n't truely hate this game with every fiber of my being ; just most of it . Granted , on easy , the game had a lot of potential . My friends and I would pass the wavebird around the room taking turns on every level , which turned out to be for the most part , about 5 or so minutes a piece . That is unless you play against Agent Smith , then he backs you into a corner and pounds you into the ground repeatedly . Boring . Do n't even get me stated on the ladder animation . If you use the focus while climbing the ladder , it looks pretty good . I do n't reccomend climbing without the focus , it 's painful to see . Just like every other game , there are cheats , in this game `` hacks '' that unlocked a multi player section . I almost had a siezure . I being a button masher , won almost every round due to repeated slamming of the L , R , A , and the occasional B button . I did n't give it 1 star , because face it , it was n't Brute Force .
 I have the PC version with all the expansions and I have no idea why anyone would want to pay ... for a console version which is usually worse than the PC version and which is more expensive ... Pros
 When i first played the sims it was on the computer and i could n't get enough of it ! Then the sims 2 came out and it was 10 times better . When i went back to play the 1st one it totally sucked compared to the 2nd one . Then a i came upon the first sims for the gamecube and im like sure what the hell i will give it a shot ! BIG MISTAKE !!!!! It was so annoying ! It took forever to fill up there needs ! They were super slow ! The graphics were bad . The story mode was the worst because the tasks were stupidly hard.Don ' t waste your money on this terrible game ! But the sims 2 or the sims 2 pets for the gamecube so much better !
 This is not a review that is going to compare this `` GAMECUBE '' version with the `` PC '' one . This is about `` The Sims '' . Let 's face it , it 's not for everyone . I realize that there is a huge audience for this type of game . And I tried and tried to be apart of that audience . I just ca n't get into it . Why do you have to control an icon instead of the actual character -LRB- s -RRB- ? The game even with the `` icon control '' would be better if you could get close ups with the camera . Why click on a radio or t.v. ? You should be able to walk right up to it using your anolog control stick and simply pressing the `` A '' button . I can only assume that with the massive amount of memory it takes to create a game of this magnatude is in fact the reasons for the complaints I have about the inability to control your character -LRB- s -RRB- in the way I mentioned above , or have better camera options . I did n't like the option to remove the walls . This option was created due to the bad camera angles . It 's like lets have a button that makes the walls disappear so that the player will be able to see their character -LRB- s -RRB- at all times . I 'm not digging that at all . I also think that the `` blur '' is tacky when your character -LRB- s -RRB- de-robes . With all that being said and a few unmentioned problems . . Two stars for `` The Sims '' .
 This was one of the games I was looking forward to for some time.The graphics are pretty good and the concept is excellent . The storyline by the actual directors is also a great touch.But all of that is absolutely meaningless if the game play and most importantly the game controls are simply horrible . There is no intuitiveness here . You run through the level and get surprised and die , then you try again and you wo n't be surprised and pass as exciting as fixing a car by trial and error.I 'd avoid this game if I were you , rent it if you do n't believe me but do n't drop 50 to Atari 's coffers for this mediocre game .
 I was very excited to play this game at first . I loved Max Payne and this game looked like Max Payne with so much more and set in a universe everyone could love . However , once you get over the `` gimmicky '' aspect of bullet time -LRB- in this game called `` focus '' -RRB- the game leaves much to be desired . While it is like Max Payne in the `` run and gun '' aspect the developers forgot that there has to be actual gameplay to back up your `` new '' whizz-bang technology feature . Hand-to-hand fighting is a nice touch , though it is nothing more than hitting punch and kick a lot.The controls are absolutely horrid . You can not specify your own set of controls . This would n't be such a problem if the 3 options they give you for control schemes were n't so poor . In any setup I tried to use it was hard to control shooting and focus at the same time , especially while trying to snipe.The level design is pretty atrocious too , merely exacerbating the poor control scheme . I do n't know how many times I accidentally fell off a ledge because I could n't look where I was going -LRB- you ca n't look up or down without going into stationary first person mode -RRB- or fell off while I was in a hand-to-hand combo . The levels themselves are merely a small room with 4 guys leading to a bigger room with 6 guys . Repeat that process about a BILLION times and you 'll eventaully get to the * biggest * room with * the * guy . Yay!Any sort of driving mission or gunning mission should simply be ignored . While gunning I just kept my cursor at one point in the screen and held down the trigger . Sometimes I would fail through no fault of my own but rather the poor AI driving the car . Driving missions feel like you 're in control of a soapbox racer or something . It ends up being a level where you just keep attempting until you finally pass.There are many more problems that I would love to exand upon but I think those are the main ones . All its problems coupled with extremely short gameplay leads this to be one of the most disappointing games I 've played in a long time . It will leave you frustrated and unfulfilled . The FMV sequences -LRB- which most of the time are merely variations scenes you 've seen in the 2nd movie -RRB- are not enough to even make me consider purchasing this game in passing . Go get Max Payne , loads more fun and style all for about $ ...
 What a letdown . What masters of spin convinced us to go out and buy this.The graphics , whilst ` ok ' , are certainly not up there with other type of this genre - they 're nothing on Max Payne for example and that 's even a bit dated now . Even on this here GeForce 4800 -LRB- P4 3.06 -RRB- , with all the detail turned up and antialiasing on , the graphics are jerky and textures are not smooth.The controls are pretty bad - especially moving between unarmed combat and weapons.The SFX and musical score is good - that 's the only positive thing I can say.Poor playability , once you 've played a couple of levels , nothing really changes.Very disappointing . A big thumbs down to to Warner for granting the license to this software house . What a waste .
 I love how everyone has reviewed this game based on screenshots and video clips , and do n't even own it.I have the PC version . Horrible . Graphics are slow on a high-end system , especially with a few enemies around . Mouse control is atrocious , feels like a console game controller - all over the place . Weapon accurracy is horrible unless in Focus Mode -LRB- SloMo -RRB- . Scripting fight animations lock you in , preventing you from stopping or performing other moves -LRB- such as drawing weapons -RRB- until they 're complete . Even the UI menus are severly broken , as using the mouse will result in double-clicking unintentionally . There 's severe clipping problems everywhere -LRB- enemies guns stick through walls -RRB- . A patch was released on May 16 but all it did was add a crosshair to 3rd person mode , and alter the startup screen without changing any functionality.This game has potential and with a MAJOR performance patch , could be great .
 I was excited to get this game the day it came out . I first went to see the movie and then went to the store to pick-up my copy of the game . Unfortunately , my matrix experience went downhill after the movie.The live action video is great but the in-game graphics are not close to the current standard . Though the game runs very smoothly , there is little detail . Overall , the environment looks very sterile and lacks the grime that seems to infest the matrix in the movies.The controls are inappropriate and awkward . What is most annoying about the controls is the inability to rotate the camera around your character . This game utilizes a third-person view . Without the ability to rotate the camera , you find yourself having to maneuver your character around to get a better view of what is going on behind your back . Of course , you can switch to the first-person point of view but then you can only move left and right and not forward or backward.While there are many different guns , they are really all the same -LRB- i.e. , pistols , rifles , thrown explosives -RRB- . I have to say that the sniper rifle is an overused tool in all games . However , the hand-to-hand combat is cool as is the ability to control bullet-time -LRB- i.e. , slow-motion -RRB- . Yet , the enemy AI is nonexistent so it is basically just hack , slash , and run.In particular , my biggest complaint is with the missions . Most are extremely linear . First , run here . Second , run there . Third , watch cinematic . Fourth , run here . No real creativity to what has to be done.This game succeeds in providing some interesting detail as to what is happening in The Matrix Reloaded . Regrettably , it fails as a game . My suggestion is to just rent this or see the movie twice .
 This game is stunning in that it fails in every sense . The action is thin and repetitive , the graphics are shaky , glitchy and unrealistic , the characters have absolutely no weight or style in their movement and interaction , and the vehicle scenes are the most tedious I have ever encountered in a computer game . Oh yeah , and let 's not forget about the score either . That also grinds along from one inappropriate cue to the next , providing the whole dreadful mess with exactly the kind of funeral dirge it deserves.Honestly , this game is a shambles . It seems rushed -LRB- how on earth could this be rushed ??? -RRB- , it feels cheap and it even has serious bugs . If you 've ever had the misfortune to play some of the more exploitative examples of film tie-in software then you may just be prepared for the depth of barrel scraping here . If not then you 're in for truly unpleasant surprise ... something this lousy CAN actually be released.I advise anybody reading this to jettison the hype and avoid , avoid , avoid . ...
 Maybe I am a putz . But maybe this is just a lousy game . The graphics are not bad , the storyline is a little weak . But the controls suck and that makes for a lousy game . In first person mode , the controls are way too sensitive , and you can not change the sensitivity or the up down orientation . The characters do things you do not want them to do , turn whatever way they want , stick to the wall when you do not want them to , refuse to when you do . The camera goes off on an angle you do not want . In fact , playing next to walls , I have seen nothing but the wall on the screen while the character is fighting.Personally , this game had a lot of hope . But poor controls , and lousy logic in certain areas make this game a major disappointment . Do not waste your money .
 Alright , the Matrix and Matrix II were great movies -LRB- okay , so I would n't go that far for MII ... -RRB- but this game sucks . Sure , great kung-fu moves and all packed in , but if you actually look , you 'll find glitches , glitches , and glitches . If you do n't give about bugs in games , go ahead and buy it ... but I warned you .
 The girls -LRB- Jada and Bellucci -RRB- kiss . That is cool . Once you see that , just stop.Just to let you know how awful the controls are , on the XBOX version , the fire button is the little black peripheral button . No , not the trigger -- that little one you use for your lights in HALO . God . The genius who configured this mess ought to have his shins slapped by baseball bats all day long . This whole game is about as responsive as a plastic sled on gravel.But the chicks do kiss . That is , and will always be , cool .
 I am very pleased that I rented this game instead of buying it . I 'm not too big of a Matrix fan . I thought the first movie was great and I thought the sequel to be kind of a flop . The game Enter The Matrix , in my opinion , follows the second movie down the same dissatisfying path . To be fair , the graphics are great and the kung-fu \ gravity bending gameplay is unprecedented and fun to watch . The action moves you can perform play like some of the fight sequences in the films . Unfortunately , the action combos and the wall walking gets old really fast . After about an hour of doing the same martial arts combos and jumping over bullets I began to grow bored with the gameplay . I found myself doing the same thing over and over
 OK , the extra footage and the tie-ins with the events in the movies is pretty cool -LRB- that 's why there 's two stars -RRB- but this was n't designed to be an interactive game . It 's rather a `` guess what you are expected to do exhausting marathon '' . Simply put , you are expected to go through a level as if it were a movie scene , very scripted with no logical reason you should jump to a certain ledge or snipe from a certain position . YOU JUST DO and hope it might make some sense.It 's probably a good game to watch while someone else who 's got the levels figured out plays.But this is just a movie add-on that could n't survive on its own .
 Okay , I VERY RARELY write bad reviews , but this game was just awlful . I 'm so glad I trusted my gut instincts and rented the game before buying it . What 's wrong with it , you ask ? Everything!The graphics are pretty awlful , first of all . ... they are at most N64 level quality . Woo , look mom , 3D graphics ! Yeah , right . We 're going to need a little more than that to be impressed.Controls on Xbox are just awlful . Why the hell did they not let you set your own controls ? Why would the trigger button NOT be for firing your weapon , like in every other ... Xbox game ? Why is the little black button for firing weapons ? It just feels like someone ... rushed this title to the Xbox -LRB- gee , let 's set the buttons as quickly as we can , they wo n't notice -RRB- . Combat is simplistic at best . This game is a button-smasher in the truest sense of the word . Everything about the fighting and the gunplay felt rushed , unrealistic , and ultimately ghetto . Game and level design is also terrible . It 's just not fun . You run around with a vague idea about what you 're supposed to be doing ; there 's just no incentive for you to keep on playing the game . I think I 'm going to return my game a few days early . ... The only reason I give the game 2 stars is because I got ta admit , bullet time is neat . It 's about the only gimic the game has going for it though , and it 's not worth paying -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- just to do some bullet-time moves . I 'm VERY disappointed in the Wachowski brothers for letting them come up with such a -LSB- bad -RSB- game to accompany their awesome movies .
 With all the hype around this game and the way they sold it as arevolution in gaming and interactive media - the Matrix DID NOT DELIVER ! . There is nothing new or innovative.Game-Play : Similar to max Payne , with the bullet time feature however you do n't really need much skill to play this - no chalange at all - the coolness of the martial arts moves ware off fast and the Driving Levels were absolutely boring ! Graphics : - The Graphics are average and in some cases bad `` The Car models were really bad '' the cut-scenes however are the best I 've ever seenMusic - Excellent sound track and voice over actingStory - How can you go wrong it is the Matrix ! I do n't think this game is worth -LSB- $ $ -RSB- - maybe a rental tosatisfy your curiosity - nothing more !
 With all the hype around this game and the way they sold it as arevolution in gaming and interactive media - the Matrix DID NOT DELIVER ! . There is nothing new or innovative.Game-Play : Similar to max Payne , with the bullet time feature however you do n't really need much skill to play this &#65533; no chalange at all - the coolness of the martial arts moves ware off fast and the Driving Levels were absolutely boring ! Graphics : - The Graphics are average and in some cases bad `` The Car models were really bad '' the cut-scenes however are the best I &#65533; ve ever seenMusic - Excellent sound track and voice over actingStory - How can you go wrong it is the Matrix ! I do n't think this game is worth -LSB- the money -RSB- - maybe a rental tosatisfy your curiosity - nothing more !
 I was fortunate enough to get to play through the game recently , here 's what i thought of itGraphics : Character Models are are really good , but the environments do n't look nearly as good . There 's little to no atmospheric effects -LRB- fog , rain , etc -RRB- . All in all the game looks bland . Special effects , like bullet time , are well done . Motion captured moves have choppy transtitions . -LRB- for example , the end of a punching animation does not smoothly flow into the animation for kicking , leaving the game looking jerky -RRB- . I saw a special on mtv about the game . It was pretty clear that ETM uses a modified version of the Messiah engine . The programmer was demonstarting the same tessellating polygon technique used in Messiah . It 's interesting to see how powerful some aspects of the game 's graphics engine can be , and yet the game still looks so bland.Sound : No problems here , uses mostly the ochestral score from the first movie.Gameplay : Kung Fu battles can easily be won by mashing buttons , except against agents . Go into focus mode and then mash buttons to hit an agent.Gunplay is awkward , at least on Xbox . Using the black button to fire your gun is not very intuitive . Sniping is very frustrating , you push the right analog stick to enter first person mode , then you must push fire to bring up the reticle if you did not already have your gun drawn.Running up the walls , backflips , etc. are all easy to execute and can be useful in doding enemy fire . Strafing is a pain in the neck , i do n't understand why shiny chose not to let you strafe with the right analog stick.Overall the 3rd person missions are usually short in length , The combat is unvaried . Many sub-levels are very similar . Once you 've seen a couple , you 've seen them all -LRB- with a few exceptions -RRB- The driving in the game is mediocre at best . There are about 4-6 driving levels . The environments are empty , very few cars , even on the highway levels . The enemy AI is downright stupid . The physics are horrible.The flying levels are downright unplayable , i did n't play as ghost , so i ca n't comment on the gunning levels.The cinema scenes range from great to poor , but some are definitly worth seeing.Hacking the Matrix : a fun aside , one of the best parts of the game . I think i 've completed everything possible in it , in which case it does n't add more than an hour or 2 to game length.Playing through as both characters : More of a chore than anything else . Alot of repeat levels , through there is some new content . It 's like how you used to have to play through Tony Hawk games with multiple characters to unlock things
 The matrix . A great movie . A grand movie . Enter the Matrix ? Find the exit quick . Fortunately , you can be told how bad this game is , you do n't have to see it for yourself . This game is a dissapointment . The movie was so great , hype surounded the game , it came out , people were fooled.Bad graphics + glitches + bad control = bad game.If you have twenty bucks then simply buy a tom clancy game -LRB- splinter cell , ghost recon -RRB- or for ten bucks more get Halo . But please , please save your trouble and stay away from this game . Please do n't be fooled . And if you do n't believe me - rent it .
 This game was so disappointing that it is the reason that I will not buy a video game based on a movie again . I know that this game was made by the Wachowski brothers while making the last two films , but the game feels pasted together . You play as wither NIobbe or Ghost an attempt to complete certain missions . rather than being in the mode of a first person shooter or a side stroller you are positioned above the player ala Grand Theft Auto 3 , but the movements are not as fluid as in GTA 3 . After a few missions they become mundane . I played this game for a few weeks and just had enough of it . My kids started playing it and I watched them pass the game , I was slightly excited to see what kind of a ending a game based on the Matrix , and all I got was a preview for Matrix 3 . What a disappointment . Also , you may have heard that if you play this game you will understand the Matrix trilogy better , this is not true . Everything you need to understand the matrix is in the 3 films , this game was just a way for the creators to milk $ 50 out of us.T
 This game is for ninja fans , which I am not , so I wo n't rate this game highly . But even ninja fans would not get too excited about this game.Pros
 OK , when I first got this game i was amazed at how fun it was , then , i realized how repetitave it got.The `` bullet-time '' or w/e is a pretty cool thing , and the levels are big . The only thing wrong ? Everything Else.The moves you can pull are very limited and repetitive . Guns keep appearing the same too.In the game you can play as two charectors , Ghost and Niobe . It seems , they only worked on Niobe 's levels , and they ar n't even that great . The in-game videos are just ghost/niobe doing the same exact thing.They give you lots of extra matrix footage , which , is good . But nothing exciting , just extra 3 second sceens of people talking.Again , the biggest problem with this game , if nothing else
 it gets bad . Not just bad but monotonous . There is little variation in the game and as far as FPS and other shooters I have seen , this is a mess.Driving the cars is difficult . There are endless shootouts and running and running -LRB- did I mention running ? -RRB- through long levels that just become so boring you could fall asleep . There is little variation in the levels , the lighting is bad and the sound is dismal.Sparks your `` operator '' is so whiney and ca n't act very well . Jada Pinket is hot and fun to play ... the rest of it.There are glitches and the so called `` clues '' and `` fill-ins '' to the movie the Matrix Reloaded are so nominal -LRB- nothing you could have figured out yourself -RRB- that you do n't really miss anything.I am surprised at the Warchoski Brothers . This game is so -LSB- crummy -RSB- and buggy and the story is so dull and disposable . You wont miss anything if you do n't play this one . Not a thing .
 One word best describes Enter the Matrix
 I 've loved the first two movies of the Matrix and got this at a swap meet for a couple bucks . The reason I 'm playing it so long after it open was because many scenes tie directly into the movie . We do n't see the whole story in the movie but had to play the game to get why something happened . I do n't like this because that leaves two sources to go through to get the movie . The game was rushed to market and there are many , and I do mean many glitches and bugs in game . Many levels are just your characters walking through a hall way but here 's the kicker . The game controls are old school . ONE ANALOG STICK controls your character . That leaves the camera in automatic and yes there are times you ca n't turn around to fight an enemy behind you . There are some glitches like the Sewer flashlight thing that can be worked around . You ca n't move forward without the it . Yet , you ca n't pick it up . -LRB- shoot some rounds off of your MP5 -RRB- . The way-point arrow is slow and deceptive . It does n't point to where you really want to go and when you get there resets to another location entirely . The game 's graphic and content is okay and the cutscenes adds to the experience of the movie . I am very frustrated playing this defective game because of the research online to find ways around the bugs . One review in a game magazine said it best . `` The only thing complete about `` Enter the Matrix '' is that it 's a complete mess . '' Yes , it is .
 The Matrix changed the way we looked at movies and changed american cinema for good . One would think that the game based on such a culture changing movie would be just as good . Unfortunately , that 's not the case here with Enter The Matrix.Enter The Matrix follows the path of two of the lesser characters from the movies , Niobe and Ghost . They pilot a ship called The Logos which is the smallest and fastest in the fleet . Their story is interwoven with the story from The Matrix Reloaded and somewhat into The Matrix Revolutions . The story is shown through live action video with the actors from the movie . All of it is additional footage directed by the Wachowski brothers . It 's a good way to flush out the Matrix story and get a different perspective on the events of the movie and they 're surprisingly well done . Too bad the rest of the game does n't follow suit.The game tries to split itself up into three parts . Driving , Shooting , and fighting . Unfortunately for us , not one of these categories work . The driving is stiff and the controls feel like I should be driving a mack truck , not a Mustang or Jeep . Shooting is awkward and aiming is a chore . Your best bet is to strafe back and forth and spray the area infront of you with bullets and hope to hit something . The game uses bullet time , but call it Focus . It 's very gimmicky and not even worth using in the first place . Shoot dodging is pointless because you get hit anyway . Unlike Max Payne or Dead to Rights where shoot dodging avoids bullets , here you dive into them , making it pointless to do in the first place . The game does allow you to perform tricks like running along walls and cartwheels , but the controls are so cumbersome that it makes it pretty pointless . By the time you pull off the cartwheel you 've already been shot to the point of death . And now we get to the fighting . The fighting in the game is awkward , stupid looking , and pointless . Your character performs the same combo over and over again . There 's no chance for variety . So the fighting gets very old very quickly.Mission objectives are very boring . Nothing interesting ever comes of them . The fate of the human race is in the balance and all Niobe and Ghost can do is go to an airport to make phone calls for a meeting and get busted there ? Come on.The graphics in this game are something I would expect on a Dreamcast . Not X-Box . Not even PS2 . It 's pretty sad . The game looks like an unfinished , demo build . Horrible textures , poor character models , and poor lighting all encompass what is one of the worst looking games in the genre . When you go into Bullet Time it just makes everything worse because it slows down the already horrible animation and makes everything that is bad stand out and make it worse . Just watch them run for God 's sake . I mean ... what in the blue hell is that !? The running animation is so awkward that it 's comical . I was laughing as I was running from an agent because of the animation alone.The sound in the game is nothing special what-so-ever . Infact it borders on boring . Plain bullet sound effects . Most of the guns sound the same with the exception of the shot gun . The music is boring and pointless . It 's so minute that it might as well not have any music at all . It would have saved the developers some money.Overall , it 's a pretty bad game . Not worth buying at all . Maybe a rental just so you can see another story from The Matrix universe unfold . But you 'd better be patient because it 's going to get very frustrating very quickly .
 Definitly should have waited a while before jumping from the excellent SplinterCell to this medium grade plain action game.From smooth controls and tactics to basic running around punching and kicking.Yes you guested it , I 'm very disapointed . Ok , I must admit , I did not spend a lot of time getting used to the controls , but geez what 's up with this shooting using the little black button !?!? Whatever the control mode , none of them are near standard or obvious . Do n't we all hate that?Graphics are very basic in the sense that obviously no one lives in that `` world '' ... very unrealistic , plain and effort less . Forget the details , there are none!Oh , did I mention you have to choose between looking around or moving . you ca n't do both at the same time !!! Do n't even dream of turning your head : -LRB- Anyway , I 'll play a little more , give it an other hour or two to see if I can handle it.Definitly NOT a `` must have '' ...
 Story - A+P layability - DThe controls for this game are completely non-intuitive , no matter which of the three settings you choose . Using a joystick as a toggle button ? Come on.It is also obvious that this was a very quick port to XBOX , since the graphics are pretty pad . Motion capture `` noise '' is evident in characters who look very shifty and jerky most of the time -LRB- as if they are drunk or something -RRB- . Also , things like enemies guns and even dead bodies seem to penetrate walls A LOT . More evidence that the engine for this game is not quite fully baked.Overall , this game had a lot of potential , and is still quite playable , but fails miserably to take advantage of the hardware , does not promote exploring the virtual world , and has counter intuitive controls . Overall , it is not worth full price , but alas will sell well due to its title .
 Pros : - Bullet time . - Music gets you in the rhythm of the game . - Blowing up cars in the car chase sequence is a fun distraction.Cons : - Repetitive . - Can not strafe ! How do you dodge bullets in bullet time if you ca n't strafe ?! - Graphics on XBOX is very poor - looks like they took the lowest common denominator of graphics and just cloned it for each platform rather than chosen higher resolution textures or applied antialiasing . - Bullet time effect does not show up in cut scenes . - Camera gets in the way of the fight scenes.Recommend playing Bloodrayne instead and enable bullet time all the time . You get much more satisfaction of seeing bad guys getting diced up into tiny little bits in slow motion ...
 Compared to today 's standards , this simply dos n't compete with other soon to be available xbox games . Its a real shame too , because it could have been awesome given a better developer . I finished the game in only 6 hours ! It tries to do to much in one game , driving , bullet time , kung fu , etc. . . Some of the game development concepts like locking you in a room with a helicopter are extremly dated . Oh well , at least the movie was good .
 What can I say ? Compared to Splinter Cell , this game is really -LSB- weak -RSB- . Almost impossible to really aim the gun -LRB- just point and blast away -RRB- , almost no control over the fancy stunts , the graphics are not that great , and the engine does n't allow you to really play ` outside the box ' . Splinter Cell seems to be able to handle anything you want to do , like elimintating the bad guys , then wandering around the set and exploring -LRB- and shooting -RRB- things that most never would look at.Compared to the hype , this game is rather -LSB- weak -RSB- .
 I rented the game instead of buying because I 'm a poor college student . I beat it in four hours . I was expecting more of a challenge . The one aspect of the game that I liked were the featurettes featuring Niobi and Ghost . Do n't belive the hype behind the game play the `` focus '' feature has been done before and will be done many times over in other better games . Do n't buy it save your money for other games and what not . Warner brothers just wants your money .
 The Good : - Special Movie footage.-Gives you something to do while waiting for your clothes to dry.-Ummm , Niobi has a Camaro.The Bad : - What part of this game has n't been done before ? - I beat the game on hard in a couple of days ! - The driving missions are horrible ! - The hover-craft mission is beyond horrible ! - The game was obviously rushed out the door to cash in on a franchise.The Ugly : - PS2 graphics ! No where near Xbox standards.-Niobi 's hair-doo .
 Summary
 Save your money . Seriously - this game will be showing up in the used bins in a matter of days -LRB- mine 's already there -RRB- . It 's utterly amazing how something with so much potential could be executed sooooo poorly . First of all , the graphics are horrendous ! Terrible ! Playstation 1 type quality . Look at the tires on the cars - they 're octagons ! The characters move like stick figures - all of the animation is stiff and unrealistic . The lighting is terrible - there are frequently shadows stuck on walls with no associated light source.Secondly , the controls are horrible . On the XBox , the little black button is used for fire , while the R trigger is n't used at all ? Have the designers even played a game on the XBox ?? Switching into first person view for sniping is a nightmare . Also , there is absolutely no control over the camera , so whenever you 're in a tight area -LRB- like the sewers -RRB- , you will frequently yourself in places where you ca n't see a thing.One of the so-called strengths of this game is the variety of attacks and moves you can do -LRB- like ducking down behind a wall to hide -RRB- . The problem is , you have absolutely no control over it ! If you 're trying to dispatch an enemy Karate-style , you just mash buttons and watch your character go through a variety of really poorly animated attacks . When you 're running near a wall , your character will frequently go into their wall-hide thing . It 's incredibly awkward and frequently very frustrating.The bullet-time thing -LRB- focus -RRB- is cool for about 30 seconds , but then it just starts to slow down the game . Also , you have even less control in focus mode than you do normally - if you kick and miss , your character will go through a whole long slow-mo animation before you can attack again . It 's just painful.This game is also one of the buggiest games I 've ever seen released on a console . You will very frequently encounter AI standing in place staring at the wall , twitching . On several occasions , doors did n't open when they were supposed to , or I could n't pick up a necessary item -LRB- grenade -RRB- , so I had to reload a previous save to continue . Very frustrating !! Some of the tie-in 's to the movie are kind of interesting , but certainly not worth suffering through this very poor game to experience . The FMV 's were shot on the same sets as the movie and while they were theoretically shot by the same directors , they definitely felt low-rent -LRB- compared to the movie -RRB- to me . The in-game cut-scenes suffer from the same horrendous animation as the rest of the game . Also , while the story compliments the movies , unless you 're a pretty die-hard Matrix fan and feel like you have to get every miniscule piece of the puzzle , you 're not missing a whole lot .
 This game is n't very fun . It too short . And the graphics arent even that good . The only good part of this game is to see the action seens from the movie . You cant do any of the cool thing that you wan na do they r just done in cut sceens . The only moves r limited . The game is mostly a bunch of aimless button push w / no clue what u r doing . I bought this game thinking it would be awsome , Unfortunately I got caught up in the hype , and it creates a vaccume .
 ... The first thing that I found annoying about this game were the controls . Most games I play have the A and X buttons for punching and kicking . This had B and Y. Also , you must press the right joystick in any direction to toggle between first person mode . Is n't it a waste of a joystick to use it as a toggle button . To look around in first person mode , you must go back to the left joystick . Also , you can not move your character in first person mode . I needed to move slightly sideways to get someone in the crosshairs , but I had to go out of first person mode , move , then go back into first person mode.I also thought the `` Fire '' button was not very intuitive . Additionally , when you are playing Ghost in the driving mode , you only have to worry about three controls . That being the case , they still decided to change what you use as the `` Fire '' button . Why not keep it consistent with what was used in the non-driving modes?I like games that help you escape into the world of the game . I do n't like to feel like I am playing a monotonous arcade game . With `` Enter the Matrix '' , I felt like I was playing an arcade game . At one point , you could n't drive through the wooden gate arms at a toll booth . Instead , the game told you to survive for 2 minutes , then the gates would open . Oh yeah , I could see that happening in the movie . Yeah , right.I did like the `` Focus '' feature which allowed you to go into `` Bullet time . '' ...
 This game has great graphics , but the game is so easy because you can do 2 moves to win the whole game . The dodge one and the attack one . Do n't buy this game
 First to short , tops 1 to 2 hours -LRB- thats a badthing ! -RRB- . Alright , nextgraphics nice chacter models but enviorments are way to blad and glitchy -LRB- yet another flaw -RRB- , but how could this catagory be complete without bad voice acting ? , its terrible trust me.The weapons are the only reason this game is cool , the hand to hand sucks , and the driving missions are flat out retarted.take this from me dont buy this unless you have at least a 24 hour return -LRB- I say that because ... its short -RRB- but it is fun for a short while .
 The good : if you absolutely love the matrix universe , this game has some material about the events of Matrix reloaded and the upcoming matrix revolutions.The graphics are pretty cool , they used a nice graphics engine and definately gave a dark and sinister look to most of the game.The concept of intermixing movie and game plotlines and having two characters doing different things on the same missions is great . Unfortunately they failed on the execution of this good concept.The Bad : Bad gameplay , the gameplay is just an excuse to get to the cut scenes it seems . Some of the `` levels '' are nothing but running around and following the `` arrow '' and then get to a cut scene which is done with great mediocrity.Crummy storyline , yes I know the Warchowski brothers wrote the game scenario but there is n't much in the story that `` reveals '' anything unique nor is the story that important.The game is overall not challenging nor stunning in concept . It 's a mediocre franchise . Rent it if you absolutely have to see the cut scenes but otherwise , just see the movies .
 Someone got me this as a birthday present - and I 'm glad I did n't spend the money on it myself . If you REALLY REALLY like the Matrix , I 'm sure you will enjoy the game , but it is pretty easy and the plot line is almost non-existant . Some of the slow motion moves are fun - but they get old after awhile.Bottom line ... save your money for something better .
 THe problem with this game is that , once beaten with both characters , you really lose interest in plaing it again . Most games at least peak a little interest after not playing them for a while . Not the case with this one . Enter the Matrix was nowhere as good as Max Payne . Too much hype for the game .
 I 'll be completely honest with you , the only part I enjoyed is the ` hacking ' section , which does n't last long . I just found the rest of the game to be dull , or positively boring.First off , the graphics are horrid . Remember that great scene in the first Matrix where it was the first time you ever saw an agent dodge bullets ? Remember how cool that looked ? In the game he just kind of leans to one side while a shiny rock thuds against the wall next to him . Remember seeing Morpheus get digitized into the phone in the subway ? Well in the game there are ` power outages ' when the characters exit the Matrix , meaning they 're standing there with the phone , the lights go out , and then they 're gone . Not only does that happen in the live action footage , but in the CG as well.I found the hand-to-hand combat engine to be completely off the mark . It 's anything but intuitive -LRB- as once promised -RRB- ; rather its just a collection of moves that get repetitive after awhile . Plus the collision and clipping errors were anything but far and few between . The ` focus , ' ie bullet time , was OK , but I had a lot more fun with it in Max Payne . Running up walls was great fun , along with doing the one handed cartwheel.I wo n't say anything about the , ahem , ` driving ' levels.However , my biggest gripe with this game is that there is no game . Here 's the typical level : introduction movie , run through the level -LRB- following an ARROW , for pete 's sake , which takes all the joy of discovery out of it -RRB- , kill a couple of people , cutscene plays , repeat.The game almost seems like an excuse to watch scenes which SHOULD HAVE BEEN in the movie!I 'm a MAJOR Matrix fan , and buying the game and then seeing the movie literally the next day really killed my spirts . I found them to both be very disappointing . Perhaps the movie would 've been the least bit more interesting if the scenes in the game -LRB- which all involve characters that are only featured in the film for several minutes -RRB- had been put in the film.It almost seems as if the Wachowski Brothers had a great idea that would fit into one movie , so they did several things - break it up into two movies , the first of which is pure fluff for the second ; make a game featuring cutting room floor footage -LRB- ya ya , I know , the footage was specifically shot for the game , humor me -RRB- ; and take one of the most integral parts of the backstory , turn it into a CGI anime , and play it in front of , of all movies , Dreamcatcher?Sounds like a shattered dream , to me .
 This game has bad graphics , poor gameplay and gives the matrix franchise a bad name -LRB- even though reloaded was a let down too -RRB-
 THIS IS THE WORST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED POOR GAMEPLAY AND VERY POOR GRAPHICS > DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY OF THIS ... !!!!!!
 I can not , in any way shape or form , understand how anyone can find this game enjoyable . If you have never played any kind of shooting game since the super Nintendo , I can understand how this would get 5 stars . If you however do have some taste , you 'll probably use this disc more often as a coaster than an actual game - if you can even call it a game -LRB- more like a sadistic plan to brain wash the public into buying a product so bad our standards would drop , threfore paving way for the next mass-market gaming projecy -RRB- . Here is what you need to know before looking further . This game IS NOT FULLY COMPLETE . There are tons of little bugs you 'll be able to groan about as you play . The enemy AI will run in circles , there 's a lot of clipping , and most importantly , the game may CRASH , resulting in a BLACK SCREEN Secondly , the graphics are nearly identical to a N64 game ... drab , dull colors , bland enviornments along with totally generic and uninsipired level design make for some of the most painful experiences that a regular gamer might have.The fighting is fun ... AT FIRST . After an hour of Kung-Pow it is just as enjoying as watching grass grow . I never thought I 'd say this , but going outside and sitting in the sun is a helluva lot more fun than playing this game . I wont go into how bad everything else is ... but lastly , the controls are real sketchy . You 'll be cramping your fingers around the left and right triggers , tapping the black button , then sidestepping while hitting the A button just to do a cartwheel . Oh , and Your characters ca n't hit the broad side of the barn . Your shooting capabilities are extremely poor , pretty much all throughout the game.If you want to go ahead and follow the herd , buy this game and rant and rave about how good it is ... I do n't know how or why you would though , and I seriously think the orginal PONG for atari2600 would have sold just as many copies if it had The Matrix pasted all over it . Maybe the FMV video is worth it , but none of it is exactly thrilling . Honestly , the developers on this game deserve no credit for taking advantage of the mass market with such a peice of unfinished garbage . I rented this game , battled through most of it , but could not bring myself to finish it , and when I returned it , I felt just a little aggrivated that I wasted $ 6.30 -LRB- at the time I did rent it , my reasoning was `` well 1 million people ca n't be wrong '' - thats how many people bought the game the first week -RRB- on a game that people pay , what , 50 $ for ? Garbage.Stinky , rotting , bug infested garbage -LRB- pun intended -RRB- .
 i am a big fan of the matrix trilogy and i would like to say that this game sucks i bought it beat it and returned it in less then a week . there is nothign worse then this game , dont buy it unless you want to just find out info . if your looking for a good game keep looking
 poopy game its poopy nickolai goobesical
 The only reason to buy this game is to watch the exclusive movie clips . These can be accessed through the Hacking mode in the game -LRB- which is short but fun -RRB- , so even playing the game is unnecessary.The controls are horrible
 I played this game for a while , and this is definitely one of the worst games ever . Control is difficult to adjust to and the game play is boring and repetitive . Rent it .
 After playing Enter the Matrix and watching the movie , I found myself asking , `` Why , oh why , did n't I take the blue pill ? '' Preliminary press for this game promised cutting-edge graphics -- it delivered ordinary visuals with marionette-like motion capture . While some of the fighting moves are unique -LRB- especially using Focus , your in game bullet-time effect -RRB- and very true to the movie , ordinary movements like climbing a ladder look stilted and almost comical . On top of that , some of the best choreographed movements are hindered by awkward camera angles that , while cinematic in large rooms , make it impossible to see your character during combat in tight spaces . If you thought the camera was awkward , wait until you try any of the three control schemes ... Ah , you say , what about the compelling full-motion video , filmed with the movie 's actors ; directed and written by the Wachowskis themselves ? Sadly , all are used to merely rehash some of the same story elements in the movie itself -- sometimes ad nauseum . While there are additional plot points , they are clearly material for the cutting room floor and not worthy of -LSB- the -RSB- price of admission . One bright spot in the game amidst gloom
 This game is sweet . Frodo and Gandalf r awesome and the franchise mode is sweet . The game is cool cuz when you play it it makes you think of that movie called the matrix or something . Anyways the season mode is cool too and and i love playing as harry potter or Piglet in the game -LRB- although Ronald Mcdonald is the best character to play with -LRB- I scored 2534 goals in 1 quarter with him -RRB- -RRB- .
 I admit this game as good A.I. , but the names of the national team members were dead wrong . I do n't know who did the research , but he/she should be fired ! How do you get the names of the national team members ? It is so easy to find the names on the internet . I just ca n't believe that a video game company would get the names wrong . If you do n't care for those basic fundamentals of a game , get this game for its good A.I.
 This game is really bad , even though the gameplay may be challenging , that the players have fake names is ugly . No real club teams , no real advertising , and bad sound . Even though fifa 2003 has not as good gameplay , it 's a much more exiting game because you play with the real players , stadiums and the sound is magnificent .
 Even the motion of the players are better than ever in term of realistic , the game play is really really BAD . The graphic is also not too good.Player Controlling can not call playing game . It 's too unpredictable in controlling , hard to control the move of players . They create some kind of buffer to stores the command so that it make a delaying response which make this game really up to the LUCK big time and can not count on the controller we holding anymore . However , A + for motion of the players .
 Overall this is a decent game . However , it has some major basic problems in what it lacks . First , there are not enough controls to use in the game such as dribbling or passing moves . The FIFA games have much more of these . Second , the ratings are way off . I am not surprised since this was made in Japan by Japanese , that the Japan national team is rated higher than they actually should have been in comparison to the real time -LRB- and they rated South Korea kind of low which also would n't surprise me from Japanese designers if there was some alterior motive involved - but I wo n't complain since the Korean rating in the game is not too far from the truth since they ca n't win a game against a real team unless they fixed the referee as in the last World Cup -RRB- . Brazil is really underrated especially in speed , and the United States is very underrated especially considering the players improvement since their high performance in the World Cup . Third , the names on many of the teams are just so messed up it 's ridiculous . And finally , there are just not enough teams , especially national teams . It 's a little hard to justify trying to make a mock world cup with just 50 teams overall to choose from . It really minimizes your options . With more teams , more accurate ratings , and more controls , this would have been such a great game , but it 's just decent . It 's worth a rental if you do n't have personal standards for a soccer video game .
 This game by 989 sports is not good . The main menu screen has little writting and is very hard to read . It is very hard to understand the game screen during pre-game selection . The game is good but the computer has the advantage . It is not very easy to score .
 I bought two pairs of these about a year ago -LRB- one for home , one for work -RRB- , and since then both of them have broken.The first one had a wire break internally so that half the time only one headphone worked . Later , the joint connecting to the bridge snapped off near the working headphone.The second one now has a broken wire , but _ INSIDE _ the bridge -LRB- how does that make sense ? -RRB- . I still have the bridge component to the other one , so hopefully swapping it will give me one working pair of headphones and one very broken pair.Other than the durability issues , this is a great headset . For $ 80 , though , I expect things to last longer than a year . I give 2/5 stars because things that are broken dont even get a chance to be reviewed in the other areas .
 Ok this headset is the bomb whether you 're playing music or games . The mic quality is perfect too - I can record crystal clear sounds.So where exactly is the hang up ? The durability is worse than a 10 dollar headset . Like one of the reviews I read , I bought two headsets too and both of them are not working now . Why ? because of the wire , somehow it manages to break internally and at first you 'll lose the sound from one side and sooner or later both .
 Now do n't get me wrong . This is a VERY good headset to buy . The sto-ability of the flexible mic was very useful . Sound quality was very good through the mic , as well as the headsets . The headsets were very comfartable during VERY long , daily hours of gameplay -LRB- 4-12hrs at some points in time -RRB- . The only thing that you have to be VERY careful of , is wire kinking . As you 'll see in the other negative reviews , the wire kinks very easily and this then causes breaks to happen . Ultimately this leads to the failure of the head set . So BE VERY CAREFUL with the wires .
 I really hate to give this less than 5 stars because they are the best headsets I 've ever had . I love the retractable mic and the sound quality is really good . a great gaming headset.But , and its a big but , the reason for 2 stars . This is my second set of this particular model . The first one I owned for about 2 months before the wire in the headset broke , rendering the left ear dead . I thought it might be a bad set so I bought another one.Its now been about six months of use on this headset and the same thing happened , the wire broke at the point where the headset earpiece swivels and connects to the bridge . Its either a design or manufacturing defect since the wire can not take the repetitive swiveling of the earpiece.As much as I 'd like to buy another one I 'm going to have to find a different headset to replace it.It really is a shame because it is a wonderful design . If they could resolve the wiring issue they would have a winner . I 'm looking forward to the day I can retract this review .
 As with others , they work great when you first get them , but then one earphone goes dead to broken wire.Although I like them , they are or wee 80 dollars of junk . I seen 5 dollar headsets preform better
 While they are very comfortable and sound nice , the build quality is awful . The cable/jack & the headband broke from just light use ...
 I am no where close to an audiophile , nor am I generally critical of a product . I purchased these , and took them back almost immediately -- something I almost never do . While comfortable enough , the sound quality on these was worse than the $ 2 headphones that I picked up on the airplane . When others say the bass is n't punchy , what they mean is that there 's no bass whatsoever . The product marketing suggests that it amplifies sounds important to gaming such as bullets and footsteps . Indeed it does . It ALSO greatly amplifies static , compression artifacts , and crackling noises . Everything sounded tinny and cheap , as if the speakers were actually broken.Secondly , the microphone is of terrible quality . Every word you speak into it is nestled comfortably in a thick , squishy pad of hissing noise . This hiss , incidentally , is amplified by the headphones if you hear your own feed . The microphone far too quiet , requiring either an uncomfortably loud speaking voice or an increase in microphone gain . The gain , of course , equally increases voice volume and the background hiss.I exchanged these for an equivalently priced set from Sennhauser -LRB- pc 166 -RRB- . In comparison , the new set sounds like perfection . Additionally , the microphone adds little to no background noise and clearly picks up even a whisper . I can adjust my soundcard 's equalizer if I wish to blast high end .
 Boring game ... I do n't know what fun anyone could get from this game . You have to set up your character with certain characteristics or you ca n't get him/her to do anything ; and then it is difficult to get anything done . The most frustrating part was trying to the the character to do some activity that would get them to advance and they shake their head saing they are not in the mood . You ca n't ever get started doing anything for having to coninuously go to the bathroom and before you know it you it 's time to sleep , and you fall down where ever you are . The characters constant whining is very annoying . I would n't buy it .
 I have PS2 and Xbox and I am assuming the two games are if not the same very similar . If you have never played the Sims before I guess I would suggest buying this . Its confusing at first but a little addictive . But like me , if you have had the Sims for P.C. dont even bother . Its harder to build/buy/live on a console and its definitely not as good as Hot Date or Sims Vacation .
 Get Sims Bustin Out . It 's the same thing but has better graphics and places to go . This version gets old fast . The censorship is one rediculous huge square that covers most of their entire body . The graphics and skins are poor.Get Bustin ' Out instead .
 Nice concept and idea , but the game was sadly disappointing.The lighting is bad , not just bad , awful . It is so bad that you ca n't see were you are going and die constantly because of it . I turned the brightness up to 100 , turned the contrast down , and turned off the light to elimate any glare or excesses light that could interfer with the game lighting , but still I could n't see . The gameplay is fun , some parts are impossible due to the no seeing thing . The combat is loads of fun but towards the end of the game it is very ... static . It feels like challenges are being thrown at you simply just because which makes the game more tedious than enjoyable . If you are a die hard fan of the matrix you will think this is the god of all games , otherwise , it will bore you after a few days of play , give you endless frustration due to the no seeing thing , and you 'll be surprised by unexpected bugs . I managed to be trapped inside of solid objects without being able to escape due to some odd bugs . Luckily , the game lets you save often so it was n't much of a problem . I think the game was a good attempt at something that could have been brillant but it fell short . I think I should mention there is a hacking feature which is pretty cool but annoying trying to type on a ps2 for that bit . If you want to get this game , I recommand the pc version since there can be patches and easier to type . I wish I would have purchased that version , if I had to purchase a version at all . Not all that sure I would have ended up buying the game after playing it . Perhaps renting it first is your best bet .
 This game had great potential , and failed to live up to it . I do n't blame the Wachowskis at all . The game 's storyline and acting are fabulous . But the game designers failed terribly . The controls on the PC version are impossible to master - holding down ` W ' and ` A ' to run diagonally while directing yourself AND firing with the mouse AND using the shift key to initiate Bullet-Time ? Come on!Another issue is the levels . In most levels , I 'd find myself fighting and killing enemies for a few minutes , and then wandering around the level for another half hour , trying to figure out where to go . There are no maps , and most areas in a level look identical , so when you run through a hallway for the sixth time , you do n't know it.The graphics so far have been passable . The rendering is not what it would be on a console , but I have a very good graphics card . I have heard complaints from some people.Yet despite all this criticism , I am a huge fan of The Matrix universe , and I bought this game for the story , which is phenomenal . If you buy it , buy it for the story , not the gameplay .
 Well , I bought the game and it does n't even install . Between each of the 3 install disks it comes up with an error that only disappears when you put disk 1 into the drive . So the sequence is disk 1 , disk 2 , disk 1 , disk 3 , disk 1 , play disk . And then it comes up with another error , and after inserting disk 1 a final time the install seems to exit . And NOTHING is installed on the hard disk!So much for yet another Infogrames game !
 When I saw this game at the video store , I was eager to get home , throw it on and see how far the rabbit hole goes but after a while I was starting to get pretty furious . This game is pretty fun once you get pass the constant audio skipping -LRB- which got on my last nerve ! -RRB- and Freeze ups , this game has more gliches than the Matrix itself ! I rented this game a few days ago and this is the fourth time I had to reset it , now my screen has frozen yet again and I 'm not gon na bother to reset it again . Instead I 'm gon na take this bugged up game back to blockbuster and drop it in it 's own hole ... the drop box !
 This game was one of the worst , most faulty PS2 games I have ever played . I eventually had to return it because it did n't work.The only reason I gave it a 1 is because being able to fight in `` bullet time '' -LRB- using Focus -RRB- was amusing.Don ' t waste your money on this . I 'm a hardcore Matrix fan , and even I did n't like it .
 When I learned that they were making a Matrix game I thought it would be something like Max Payne except 10 times better . I rented the game 5 days ago and I already beat the game in normal mode . Not only is it a really short game , but the entire game is repetitive . Its the same thing over again ; Kill a bunch of cops , run away from agents , kil cops , run from agents . The game is fun at first , but after you beat the first level you realize that its kind of stupid that you 're doing pretty much the same thing over again except in a different area . Although , the bullet time effects are awesome . I loved running on the wall while shooting bad guys . Yet another problem I experienced in the PS2 version was the incredible amount of bugs . It seems as though the creators rushed the production of the game . They cared more about getting the game out the same day of Reloaded than the quality of the game . You could be pushing a button to open the door and you would see yourself pushing the button on a different area of the wall . Thats not a major issue though . Another problem is the game freezes a lot . You can beat a level then it 'll freeze when its about to ask you to save . If you 're lucky sometimes it 'll unfreeze just before you 're about to reset your PS2 . This game could 've been a lot better than it turned out .
 I keep seeing honest reviews on this site and then within an hour someone goes and gives a 5 star review which incidentally focuses on all of the same attributes that the press release focuses on . I for one , find this suspect . What gamers really put so much stock in the story ? This is the kind of marketing hype that the publishers use to cover up weakness in the gameplay -LRB- remember Lost World -RRB- . Great games are based on great gameplay and poor controls and a camera that goes through walls are not the makings of great gameplay . Has Atari P.R. hired people to spike this punch ?
 It has always seemed strange to me that Japan dominates the video game market , both commercially and creatively . All of the major companies originate in the Land of the Rising Sun . Completing a game rewards the player with -LRB- usually -RRB- a visual feast and -LRB- without exception -RRB- a credits roster filled with Japanese names . Now , I 'm sure there are several great games that I do n't know about , born and nurtured here in the great 48 , but it is a fact that although Americans consume a vast amount of this sort of digital entertainment , we actually produce very little of it.I write this because one of the most hyped and anticipated games of 2003 , Enter the Matrix , was developed primarily by an American software company , Shiny Entertainment , and the end result is , well , quite dismal ... for the most part . The game has sold in the excess of 2.5 million copies as I write this ; yet the popularity stems more from its connection to a certain film franchise than anything exceptional about the actual product.Actually , I take that back . In couple ways , Enter the Matrix is a visionary , unprecedented first for video games . The Wachoski bros. filmed an hour 's worth of story exclusively for the in-game cinematics , and these really are the game 's shining point , revealing background information for The Matrix Reloaded and , in some places , adding substantial character development for the `` lesser '' players of the story . Enter the Matrix also contains an interesting ` hacking ' feature , where one can tap into the fundamentals of the game , change stats , watch movies , unlock multi-player ability , etc.But as for the actual game itself ... well ... PROS :1 -RRB- Focus/Bullet Time Fighting
 I do n't usually write reviews , but I was so shocked by the number of people who wrote this game was and I quote , `` THE BEST GAME EVER ! '' , I just could n't resist my urge to write . Hey , guys , do n't waste your precious time to trick people to buy this game please . Yea , maybe if you are so in love with the movie that you memorize every single line -LRB- Hey , I love the movie too -RRB- , or if you like to be entertained by a few oohs and ahhs flash moves , I would n't stop you from getting the game . Thinking back about the game just irritates me again , so I 'll just end with pros and cons of the game . Finally , I apologize for such a negativity , but hope it 's justified . ^ ^ PROS : * GIVES YOU BACK STORY FOR NIOBE AND GHOST ACTED BY REAL ACTORS -LRB- BTW , ALYIAH WOULD 'VE BEEN SO LOVABLE FOR NIOBE ! -RRB- AND 5 MIN TRAILOR OF FINAL MATRIX MOVIE * FLASH MOVES -LRB- DODGING BULLETS , ETC. -RRB- YEA THIS IS COOL AT LEAST FOR FEW MINUTES OF THE GAMECONS : * WHAT 'S WITH SO MANY SAVES ? -LRB- PS2 -RRB- IT HAPPENS WITH ALMOST EVERY 10 MINS * ATARI IS KNOWN FOR SQUARE LOOKING GRAPHICS , BUT CLOSE UPS WITH GHOST AND ESPECIALLY NIOBE IS JUST FLAT OUT UGLY , AND IT DOES N'T MEAN OTHER GRAPHICS LOOK DENDY EITHER * TUNNEL STAGE IS TOO LONG AND TOO DARK , I COULD N'T EVEN RECOGNIZE ENEMY FROM THE WALL UNTIL THEY STARTED SHOOTING * FINISHED THE GAME IN 4 HOURS . -LRB- PRETTY SURE SOME FINISHED EARLIER -RRB- * SO MANY WEAPONS , YOU COULD FINISH THE GAME WITH 2 * LAST BUT NOT THE LEAST , CAR CHASE AND THE FINAL STAGE AGAINST DESTROYERS ARE GOING TO REMIND YOU OF 80 'S NINTENDO SHOOTING GAME . GUESS SOMETIMES IT 'S NICE TO BRING BACK OLD MEMORIES ... Finally , those whom said this game is `` THE BEST GAME EVER '' , I 'll give you 3 games : Metal Gear , Splinter Cell , and GTA Vice City.Hope you have n't played these games . ^ ^
 Where do I start ? The controls are second rate and overly complex . There are some moves available but you will get sick trying to perform them since the button configuration is stinky . The graphics are dated . The worst thing about this game is the gameplay . It 's just a Punch/Kick beat-em-up with a Max Payne Bullet Time function . The levels are repetitve . If you look beyond the Matrix aura you will see another bad movie tie-in .
 your game that i just purchased is no good it doesnot work proper way it freezes on second level all the time it made my son very upset and i assure you i will never use you ever again
 I can only really tell you my first impressions of this game -- I 've had it for a couple of days and have forced myself to play it for awhile.First , the positive . The story really is interesting and , if you 're a Matrix movie fan , it does seem to fill in a lot of blanks.As to the negative : The controls are hard to master -- or at least hard to feel as if you 're applying any finesse . I found myself punching the same two buttons over and over , which gets tedious . The targeting is absurd.The camera angles for fights are atrocious -- about 20 % of the time you ca n't see who you 're fighting or what they 're doing . That does n't really matter so much to your success -- all you have to do is to keep hitting the two buttons referenced above.The graphics are not all that impressive , either . At least not as compared to Splinter Cell and some of the other more aggressively beautfiful games out there.Just my two cents -- I 'm still planning to play all the way through . Maybe it will get a lot better . -LRB- Okay , now I 'm not living in THE REAL WORLD . -RRB- SECFAN
 First of all , I must tell you that this game is worse than bad . You would be foolish to buy it . Nothing has sickened me more than having to pay for a game which has been rushed out to meet a demand . It is demeaning to think that a multi-national corporation can put such low quality merchandise on the market . The price that you pay for this game would be better spent on food ! I will say that the game is alright ... for a two year old . The levels have been designed without any thought to gameplay . The controls are basic at best , woeful at their worst . The graphics are fine , yet there is no concept of physics . Have we been given a beta-copy for the price of the full game ? This is a merchandising ploy that has been brought out to get a return for the money that has already been layed out by the movie company involved . How can something so bad be brought out ? This tie-in has to be the worst piece of merchandising that I have ever bought . I actually returned it after 3 hours of playing because it was so bad . DO NOT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE !
 I did n't enjoy this game . With its horrible camera angles and repetive gameplay it just was n't my ticket . The only redeeming feature that kept this game from falling into the abyss of 1 star was the movie footage . Besides that , you 'll have better luck with MAX PAYNE .
 I played this game at a display at a local electronics store and well , what can i say except , except that it left me wanting to go home and play Max Payne which was an infinitely better game . I love the matrix , and i know we would n't have games like Max Payne without bullet time technology-something first pioneered by the first Matrix film , but come on people , how about something called variation ? Make it a little less like Max Payne and a little more like the Matrix and it would be a great game .
 I played this game hoping to see cool cut sequences and I did see cut sequences , but nothing cool . I felt bad that I had paid $ to view an ad for Matrix 3 . I felt that the gameplay was not only weak but also boring . It was exceptionally easy.The only good thing about the game was that the CGI in the game matched the terrible CGI in the movie , so I felt like I was actually playing the movie.If you have to play this game to see what was not in the movie . Do n't waste your time or money if you 're interested in gameplay .
 Let me just say , the Matrix is quite an epic idea . People going in computers , some of the best special effect work in movies . . just so much to say . BUT STAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME . I borrowed it from a friend and was never the same . Your guy jumps like a mildly retarded man in a suit . The graphics are blocky as all crud , looks like an old PC or N64 game . Bad control also pollutes this mind numbing piece of crap . Jeesh . BOTTOM LINE
 To Ataris credit , this game was a bit fun . You could do neat little tricks like cartwheeling while blasting away your enemies , cool hand to hand combat moves , and of course , do it all in slow motion . But the fun ended shortly , just like the game.The game quickly got repeditive . There was only a small number of moves in your aresenal , and once you used them a couple of times , it got boring . And , like the fun , the game stopped as abrubtly . I finished the game in one afternoon , then found out you could play as another character , which was stupid anyway because the gameplay with different characters was only MILDLY different at best , usually only a different setting , and then beat the game again the same afternoon . The multiplayer was boring because it was only hand to hand combat which got old fast.Overall , the game is somewhat amusing , for about a day . Not much more fun after that . There 's no replay value iun the game , not an ounce . And to top that off , the coolest thing you can do is run on walls at r e a l l y s l o w s p e e d s. Honestly , Atari can do a little better than that .
 This game is addictive . It is extremely fun with great music , great sound , good storyline , addictive gameplay . It would be an easy five stars , but for one thing
 Enter the Matrix was one of -LRB- if not THE -RRB- most hyped games of the year . Unfortunately , the game fails miserably to live up to even a fraction of that hype.Let me start with some of the things I like . First , the Focus/Bullet Time is excellent . Much , much better than Max Payne . You can see the contrails of the bullets as they whiz past you , you can run up walls and flip cartwheels . Very nice!Well , that 's about it for the stuff I like . The graphics are pretty bad . Characters look blocky , and the environments look dull -LRB- and not in that greenish-tinted Matrix way -- although they are tinted green -- but in that horrible graphics way -RRB- . Movements , when not performed in bullet time , are choppy . When Agents dodge bullets they look like spastic dancers . Given that the environments in The Matrix movie looked so rich , the graphics are downright terrible . Poor framerate is another issue -LRB- I know that the PS2 chip is getting old now , but I 've heard the framerate is a problem even on the XBox -RRB- . Gameplay is okay , but not great . The fight combos are worked out for you , so basically you just have to do some button mashing . Gets kinda boring after a while . The biggest problem , though , is the camera . The thing gets in the way far more often than it helps . It is essentially locked just behind you and at slightly above head level -LRB- at least in third-person view -RRB- . You can not move the camera at all , which makes it very difficult to move while looking around . When you get near walls or objects the camera gets screwy , often obstructing your view of the enemy . I know that there are many games with camera problems , and that it is probably one of the hardest things to get right , but you 'd think that something coming out of the Matrix franchise would be better than this.The sound effects are good , I must admit . But the dialogue volume is so low compared to the sound of gunfire that I found myself constantly turning the volume up and down . Annoying.Lastly , the biggest problem is that the game locked up on me right at the start of the start of the fight with the helicopter -LRB- the second one -RRB- ! I 've tried it several times , and same thing each time . I 've heard of other people having the same problem . That is simply inexcusable in a full-release game.In the end , I 'm not all that upset with this game , but only because a -RRB- I rented it , and b -RRB- I got it for free since my local movie/game rental place guaranteed it would be in stock and it was n't . If I had actually had to pay to rent this game I would be annoyed . If I had bought it , I would be downright pissed . What were the folks at Shiny doing this whole time ? It feels like they were sleeping on the job , and then rushed the game to get it out in time for the movie . As a demo , it might be fine . As a full-production game , it is horrible . I gave it two stars only because it is a game about The Matrix , and does have some appeal strictly on that level .
 to bad the game is not as good as the movie ! the game just sucks you would think that all the money and time thay spend on coming up with this game that thay could do better than that . i give the game a one because thay did not have a zero there
 As much as i liked the Matrix trilogy , i did n't like this game . I played through the whole game , but i still hated it . If you 're looking for a game with bullet time , get a game like Max Payne -LRB- even through it 's older , i think it 's much better -RRB- .
 Pure hype . Get `` Soul Calibur II '' and `` Virtua Fighter 4
 Ok that was wrong to say ... Crackheads are too smart to buy this game . Steal it if you want it but I bet you 'll be selling it on eBay a couple days later ... This game is so stupid , just another way for the brothers to make a few extra bucks . Buy a modchip and download it on KaZaA or something .
 ... just cuz the movie was good everyone likes this gamethey make a great movie then release teh worst game ever madethis game is the worst game ever made i mean c'mon its made by atari and i eman they try to make it all bad ... but the graphics -LSB- stink -RSB- and the game play -LSB- stinks -RSB- . they have guns but when ppl die no blood comes out this game really -LSB- stinks -RSB- its the worst game ever made
 Do n't get me wrong , at first , Enter the Matrix is very fun and hooks the player quickly . There are amazing tricks you can do with both Ghost and Niobe , and with focus -LRB- bullet time -RRB- , a gamer can add dozens of new moves to a fight like running up a while and jumping off while firing a gun.However , with all this comes a price , and the worst aspect of the game would have to be the graphics . If this had come out for PSX , then these graphics would have been great , but times have changed and gamers expect better graphics and no more rectangles for arms and squares for hands . Also , when i found out one could play as either Ghost or Niobe , i just assumed each character would have different missions -LRB- Both of them would n't go through the same level and do the same objectives -RRB- . This is not true at all . There are a few seperate missions , but for the majority of the levels , each character does the exact same thing , which is pretty disapointing and frustrating.I 'd suggest if you do n't care about what i 've said and u still want to play it , rent it , do n't buy it . Since the game has almost no reply value 4 days after you start playing it , buying Enter the Matrix would just be a waste of money .
 The Matrix
 I do n't understand how the makers of a game from an extremely popular movie title can be so lazy in making a game with HIGH expectations . This game did not meet any of them in my oppinion .1 . The sound was nothing special , nothing I have n't seen before .2 . The graphics of the characters are pretty good , but the environment graphics are not good .3 . The coders seemed to have slacked . The gameplay is n't smooth , there are little glitches here and there that are n't in most games .4 . The AI is n't that great . For example - While riding in a car shooting in one mission as Ghost , the driver somehow went into a dead end and kept trying to run into the wall to get back on the right track . Therefore , I had to restart the level .5 . The controls are terrible . You do n't use both joysticks as you would in most 3rd person shooters . You only use one . So you can only strife by holding in L2 , and it is VERY aquard to go in and out of strife while trying to shoot , fight , and move from cover to cover . I got very frustrated at this durring the game .6 . What I have good to say about the game is nothing about the gameplay . The menus at the beginning is really cool . The pre-level cinematics are very good , and the storyline is of course good because of the movie.I bought this game being really excited to play it . I played for a few agrivating hours , and I decided that it is VERY over rated . If you want to buy it , there 's nothing I can say to stop you , except rent it first . I would buy Max Payne 100 times , before I 'd buy this one again .
 this game is the dumbest game ever invented . neo is n't even present in the entire game , and in the alley scene , there are CARS that fight eachother . obviously the makers of atari were cracked out when they made this crap .
 What is to say about this -LSB- weak -RSB- excuse for a video game ? NOTHING ! It 's possibly the most boring game I 've ever played , and when you use cheats it FREEZES ! Not fun.You just go around shooting people and finding doors . There is no strategy to this game , the only thing remotely close to it is using focus to dodge bullets , which runs out in about 10 seconds . I do n't get what all the hype is about this game . There is nothing good about it.The guns are trying to be like the Bond games , and the guns are pretty good . A really stupid thing is that your health refills automatically by just standing up . That 's really to easy , and when you put on focus , you just press square and you character does all these crazy flips to dodge bullets . That was probably the biggest hit with gamers , but did n't impress me.The levels are really boring , and Atari tries to redeem themselves by adding the driving parts where you have a machine gun and shoot out of a car or drive a car . You can get those kinds of games for less than -LSB- dollar amount -RSB- , much less than the -LSB- price -RSB- they 're selling it for at list price.All in all , I am really disappointed in this game . They had 2 years to make a wonderful game and they blew it .
 I played this game and it was somewhat fun at first but after 5 minutes of playing it gets old ! The game is very bland and repetitive and the hand-to-hand combat looks a little cool but it also requires no skill and not much interactions . just to much money was spend in licensing and not enought spent on gameplay !!
 ok . well i got this game a few days ago and when i first played it i was like '' THIS GAME IS THE BEST '' but shortly after that i changed my mind . do n't get me wrong focus mode was awsome being able to dodge bullets and jump real far . the fighting is cool at first but after a while it gets real boaring . you get a pretty good selection of wepons which is cool especially when you kick a guy and shoot him in the air , but some times when you shoot some one your gun will be aimed at the ground and you 'll be shooting some one on a balcony or some thing which really is n't a flaw but it just looks stupid . also the graphics on the game are horrible , the people are so etchy , but the levels look good but not great at least they are better than the people ;-RRB- . ok it says mild language on the box but there is more than `` mild '' language belive be . and the game is really easy to beat , i beat it in 31/2 hours , and the last level is soooo easy they should of done better on that.but there are cheats you can get like invincibility , infinite ammo , infinity focus , sword , and multi player which even though they do n't tell you on the box that there 's multiplayer , using a cheat you can get it.also the one i got was defective , and i know other people who 's were defective too . now it 's time for the pro 's and cons.PROS > good weapon selection > cool how they mix real movie w / game graphics > focus mode > hacking > multiplayer > cheatsCONS > bad graphics > too easy > too quick > battling gets repetitive > boring car levels > too dark > ca n't hear too wellWell i hope this was helpful and i 'd wait till this goes down in price to the -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- or -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- so i 'll give it two and a half stars.thanx for reading
 Guys , it really , REALLY , pains me to do this . I am THE Matrix fan . But please , PLEASE , rent this game before you buy it.You might read a lot of reviews where people complain about jagged edges in graphics , or unimaginative level design , or long-term replay value , or how easy it was to beat the game in 6.2 hours or less , and you might just think they are whiners . Well , they are . Get a life.But the truth is , the game just plain falls short . When you first jump in , you are awestruck by all the cool maneuvers , and the immersion in the movie that you experience . I could n't wait to email my friends about how cool the game was.But the truth is , if this game was not about a movie I absolutely love , I would n't give it the time of day.I really , truly , want to say nice things , and the game certainly is not without it 's VERY cool elements , but in the end , I am sure the developers of the game are saying to management , `` Just give us a couple more months , and we can make this game REALLY cool -LRB- and with a lot fewer bugs -RRB- . '' At least I hope they are saying that . If this is really the best they can do , then they really need to consider a career in custodial engineering.I 'm trying not to be distasteful , but guys , please , can we not have my character die for some esoteric reason that is not explained until I have gone through the same painful death 72 times?Just a little continuity would be swell.Yes , the game is still really bug-ridden . Yes , a lot of time was taken to make the bullet-time scenes look outrageously cool , but Barney Rubble looks more natural climbing a ladder than Niobe . And what the heck is up with the contrived , amateurish driving scene ? I do n't know if there are more to come , but I hope not!I feel like one of those angry grunts that lives in the basement while his mom still cuts the crusts off of his sandwiches , but this game just falls dramatically short of the vision.Everybody involved in the Matrix franchise is still going to make a lot of money from this game , but really , truly , they could have made a lot more if the story-telling in the game was a fraction of what the story-telling in the movies have been thus far.I might play this game through to the end , just to get more peeks at the extra footage , but every time the game asks me `` Do you want to jack in again ? '' after I have died for one of the said , esoteric reasons , I really do ask myself , `` Do I ? Do I really ? `` MatrixMakers , please , do n't do this to the fans again .
 This game started really great but there are so many glitches in it that tech support is overwhelmed . On the game that I bought , the screen blacks out on the same part of the game with each character . I talked to a support guy at Atari today and they said they are getting many complaints and they are trying to figure out what to do . I feel a massive recall coming on . Do n't waste your money on the Beta version .
 If you do n't care about graphics , story , realism , or sound you 'll love this game . Here is the truth . The graphics are clunky , the wall textures bland , and ugly -LRB- some belong on the PS1 -RRB- , and when driving or rail shooting out of a car , the enviorement is so bad , it looks like they spend a whole minute on it . Dissapointing reallyThe story you 'd think would be top notch , but it does n't make a lick of sense until you actually see the movie . The characters will cuss sometimes for no reason , and everyone seems like they would rather go to sleep than save their lives.The realism is terrible . Enemies shoot through walls meaning terrible collision detection , and some of the AI is dumb as a brick . You can usually just do some fancy move that is terribly hard thanks to the o-so-clunky controls , and wipe out a whole bunch of enemies.The sound is probably the only good thing , real voices from the actors is great ofcourse it means strong cussing.So why is everybody saying it is amazing ? Oh yeah because somebody slapped the name MATRIX on it , and blind folded everybody .
 All the hype you heard about this game is just that - hype . It 's an average game at best . The Tomb Raider games for PSONE are much more enjoyable than this game . The game play is stiff and it 's hard to aim . The game locked up on me AT LEAST twice every hour , and no , it was n't my PS2 . This is the only game I 've ever had lock up on me . I had to return it to the video store for a new one , which also locked up on me . I played with Ghost and solved this game in two days . In the end , it was n't worth all the time and effort I put in . The best thing about this game is the Revolutions trailer at the end when you win .
 You will spend more time waiting on load times than you will playing . Graphics do n't even compare to some of the other games out right now . Bad camera positioning is another thing . Really , really sad . Seems to me they just went ahead and rushed this game to get it out with the movie . Worth renting if you have a free credit at a Blockbuster . Other than that , leave it on the shelf .
 At first , I found myself throughly enjoying enter the matrix , but after just 3 or 4 missions , I realized that gameplay consists of a simple pattern
 I am honestly a Matrix fan . specifically the first film , but the other two are a lot of fun nonetheless . This game was brilliant in its position as part of the storyline , showing events taking place aside from the the film . Even getting actual actors to reprise their roles was a stroke of genius.however that trait alone gave this game the two stars i have awarded it.First of all , its a third person action game , similar to tomb raider/max payne/etc . While this type has been well overdone , i feel it has a lot of life left in it . This however adds nothing new whatsoever to the game genre . nothing new or breakthrough takes place in the gameplay . the `` focus '' at first seems neat , butil you realize its been done before -LRB- and much much better -RRB- in max payne . you hold L1 , everything slows down , you see bullet trails -LRB- not that you can dodge them -RRB- and some of your moves are cooler now -LRB- wall walking , flips , etc -RRB- but aside from that , unless youve got a third hand or a helpful friend , you wont actually be able to use it to dodge in any respect.A film that broke new grounds for american kung fu cinema , this game 's fighting style is ridiculous . in the films you have punches , kicks , aerial assaults , all kinds of super cool wire stunts ... in Enter the Matrix , youve got one punch , one kick , and one throw . since the focus is on firepower , this couldve been ok , however the moves are so preplanned that once you hit a button , youll go into a crazy combination of moves that usually makes you pass right by your enemy and do a great move on some empty air , leaving your back wide open for a random post office security guard to smack you in the back of the head , just like i 'd like to do to the designers.form over function is a phrase best used for this game , yet it doesnt even fit , since graphically this game belongs on PS1 . the entire game is filled with arms going thru walls , masks that dont cover faces , and other space confusion . the other major thing that jumped out at me was the lack of realistic movement . every character moves so stiffly and completely unfluently its ridiculous . i began playing as ghost , and seeing the real actor was cool ... seeing the SNES graphics of ghost as a controllable object was closer to sad . backgrounds were so smoothed over , and the layout was beyond linear . basically this game visually is absolutely horrible . ABSOLUTELY horrible -LRB- if you insist on playing it , and get to the airport level -LRB- you will -RRB- youll see what i mean by no detail -RRB- the sound , however is a redeeming point . blasting though my 5.1 surround , the soundtrack , sound effects and voices are near perfect.unfortunately , you need to play to hear those audio benefits.the more i write , the more i want to rate this a 1 .
 Thankfully I rented the game rather than paying out the full price and having played it for several hours I can certainly say I am glad I did not waste my money.I 'd have to say there is some fun to be had with the game , the focus time , the realistic Matrix style moves are all great and the cut scenes and sound effects are wonderful and will be enjoyed by any fan of the movies . However the game falls very short in terms of long term play-ability . The game seems to have been rushed to the stores and the game play is painfully liner . To me this is a game that will be enjoyed for the week you rent it from Blockbuster , but if you buy it you 'll be sick of it very soon and sorry you wasted fifty bucks.My advice ; take your fifty bucks rent the game for a week or two and save the rest of the money to buy the movie when it comes out on DVD !
 Maybe I did n't get far enough into the game to be blown away , but what I played was boring and frustrating . The controls were difficult to use and after expecting something amazing , the gaming event of the year , I was very let down . The visuals are great , but that 's about it . If I wanted great visuals , I 'd go see the film .
 When I rented the game i expected to play a game that is right out of the movie -LCB- s -RCB- . Instead the game consists of this `` Ghost '' character -LCB- Trinnity 's brother i gues -RCB- . The first 18 levels are fun , but a little short . Then after that you get stuck in a HUGE sewer . It may not seem that bad but after about sewer level 4 you will get really tired of ; protecting people that barely protect themselves , running around in a almost pitch black maze , and you can rarely use your Matrix ablities so you have to just go around shoting people -LCB- which does n't brighten up the game at all -RCB- . To make matters worse the levels that follow make the game almost look even worse . It 's my recommendation that you should not buy this game unless you like long dark levels , and fun short levels . The game is rentable though .
 Talk about missing the boat . It seems like this game should have spent another few months in development and significant time in QA . The bullet time scenes are very `` been there , done that '' from seen in Max Payne . The framerate is inconsistent , the storyline varies from interesting to plain silly . I expected more and better.I guess that I would sum it up this way ... if you loved Matrix Reloaded ... go out and get a copy -LRB- cheaper to get it used -RRB- or rent it first . Just set your expectations to LOW .
 Do n't get me wrong , this game is great . But the game could have used MUCH more tech support before release . It was n't THAT important for it to come out the same day as Reloaded , was it?You ca n't even beat the XBOX version , as a bug freezes the game right as you go through a vital door . The PS2 version freezes during loading , and the GCN chase sequence at the end ? I hope you do n't run into the walls , as you 'll get stuck in them ... I guess the Architect crashed the Matrix , cause this is UBERREALISTIC to some of the stuff Neo and crew go through in the movies ...
 DO N'T BUY THIS GAME unless you get it for 9 bucks this game aint worth any more than that . yes it has good graphics and the moves are cool but its the same thing over and over , and its extreamly short , i beat the whole game within 8 hours . the max time you have to spend on a level is 3 tries and by the 3rd time its really easy . i would say rent this game just to play it but do n't buy it .
 Believe me
 Believe me
 Normally I do n't write reviews because most of them seem to be written by the 13 or younger crowd , but I loved the Matrix Movies and am extreamly disapointed with this game!The actual game is great , and the hacking although difficult , can be masterd with a few code downloads from various interent sites , but if you are playing as Nirobe on the PS2 version , GLITCHES MAKE IT IMMPOSSIBLE TO FINISH THIS GAME !!! There 's a scene called `` Catching a Plane '' shortly after the tunnels where she has to rescue Axel from a plane . After a great gun fight and with the help of Victor , your led through a door into a second hangar and down a series of ladders to the plane where Axel is.As she runs toward the plane , the PS2 version freezes up EVERY SINGLE TIME !!! In an attempt to analyze the problem , I rented the game and borrowed a friends copy with his memory card . Both copies did the same thing . We even tried to play his game on his sytem to the same point and the exact same thing happend.Its a great game until that point so keep your reciepts for possible exchanges later.Keep in mind that I 've only played with Nirobe , but even if Ghost game dose n't freeze , I payed for the entire game not just his!My overal reccomendation ? DO NOT BUY THE PS2 VERSION . Pick up the GC or X-BOX versions instead.You 'll be glad you did !
 Well , the Matrix is a great game and all , but get it on the gamecube if your going to get it at all .
 After trying to play this game I now know why noone in the cast wanted to take part in the game eather through a likeness or voice.The game is garbbage , do not waste your time or money on it it is not worth it
 I 've stopped playing it three days in . While the environments and sound were nice , the character graphics were pretty bad . The movement of the characters was suspect and I 'm not just saying that because I hate games where I have to use the thumbstick to move my character -LRB- at least in Vice City I get the option of using the directional pad vs. the thumb-cracking joystick -RRB- ; these characters moved pretty ugly.The targeting system was non-existent and illogical , the driving portions of the game atrocious and the in-game movie footage , while superior and meaningful , not worth the hassle of gettig form one piece ot the next , especially at the price most people will pay for it getting it out the gate . The hacking section was a good idea , but in the end fairly pointless . Unlocking the multiplayer was cool until you realized that the characters you coudl fight with in these new environs did n't have the `` focus '' -LRB- bullet time -RRB- feature enabled , so they just did regular kicks , punches and throws ... all of which , by themselves , was not up to industry par in a game with this much buzz . Being able to do real combos would have been nice , as opposed to the smash the buttons and see what happens fighting engine we 're pretty much subjected to.I 'll be returning my copy because of the game 's many bugs -LRB- PS2 versions have been freezing while playing Niobe about halfway through and there is an incessant sound echoing in some of the cutaways -RRB- and because of its Atari 2600-Pitfall-esque replay value . What it does right it does very well -LRB- movies , the focus feature -RRB- , but when it misses , it misses hard . Practicaly all of the gaming elements that are the real reason why you bought the game have been done better in other games . It 's pioneering in scope and license relativity , but the game - the reason why people are sitting in front of this thing - fails .
 I am a huge fan of the first and second sequel to the Matrix . This game was almost a complete disappointment . The first thing that really sucked is that you do n't play as Neo or even Morpheus or Trinity !! Now , you tell me how you can make a half-decent Matrix video game without our favorite characters !!! The slow motion features were pretty cool . Some of the levels were really bad but some were alright . The game is pretty fun to fool around with and beat a few times but the storyline is terrible . It 's like a little bit of Matrix Reloaded but changed around a lot to make it bad . I thought it was very disappointing but if it was n't called the Matrix video game and it was another whole thing I would like it much more .
 Enter The Matrix is a lousy game , do n't even bother to buy it or rent it and not even the stradegy guide helped .
 Crashing your system or locking up in a destructive to compact disc nature is a serious problem for customers . Can anyone who 's played it sincerely clarify any specific problems so others wo n't squander money with something that inhibts harmful bugs ?
 Saw this in demo , and thought it looked great so I bought it . Played it a day , and am taking it back to trade it in . It -LSB- 's bad -RSB- . Just another poorly done movie take off . Has some cool features , such as the bullet-time focus mode , and the sound and music is super . But the controls are very badly set up . For example , instead of using the trigger to fire weapons you press the black button ??? And trying to aim the sniper rifle is almost impossible . You can tell this was a badly done port over for the x-box . No save function except at set points in the game , and inconsistant level difficulty . You 'll play through several scenes fine , then hit one with two `` timed '' tasks back-to-back that are almost impossible to complete - not because they are challenging , but just really bad game design . Rent this one .
 this game is the prime example of what goes wrong when pople try to go outside of thier job juresdiction . this game is an insult to the name of the matrix . its gameplay gets old quick and the fact that you cant even fight the agents stinks . the whole thing is no good , only buy it if you are a harcore fan and want to know the full story , othewise spend your money somewhere else . to play this game is to lose valuable brain cells .
 Ok Yeah this game looks great , Yeah it has good controls , yeah the moves and combos and slow motion stuf is all cool . BUT !! the fact that every level is the same thing over and over again is totally boring , all you do is beat up and kill cops over and over in each level , it gets a little old after a few hours of that . every once in a while you get to fight an agent , other than that its pretty much just beating cops up and shooting them.the game is WAY too easy as well , levels are too short and the story is not interesting . every once in while you get to drive a car around and get away from cops and you guessed it SHOOT them.this game is only entertaining for about the first few days , then it just gets repititious.Worth a rental but in my opinion not worth buying .
 I had a dream that I was stuck in this world where a bunch of people were trying to cram overly pretensious BS about whether or not this world was real and flashing eye popping SFX in my face to dazzle me but it was only to make it easier for them to raffle thru my pockets . But luckly I woke up out of their Matrix and returned to REALITY.I am so furious !!! This game -LSB- is terrible -RSB- ! Even for a Matrix fan ! These people are obviously milking the first Matrix for everything it 's worth and having obsessive fans drain their pockets over -LSB- this -RSB- ! First reloaded was terrible , now they have brought out the worst game in the history of all games ! Forget the graphics , forget the short plot WHERE IS THE REST OF THE GAME !? I played up until `` Catching the Plane '' then it just fades to black and never comes back on again ! Did it freeze like the million of other times this game skipped and froze on me , I do n't know , it just fades to black then nothing ! Nada zero ! What were they doing ?! Did they check their watches and realized it was n't gon na be out when Reloaded begins to they cranked up the machines to go faster than they already were ?! Unplug yourselves people and come back to the real world before you end up broke surrounded by a bunch of worthless Matrix junk .
 This is , in my absolute unbiased opinion , an embarrassment to video gaming . Although I suppose if I was more into action games , rather than a hard-core RPGer , I might like it more . Many of my friends and relatives have purchased this game on various systems , including PC , and out of all of them , only one was actually satisfied with the purchase . As for me , I played it for about fifteen minutes and turned it off . The camera was jerky , the lighting was bad -LRB- do n't even get me started about that sewer level ! -RRB- and the lead male character runs like he 's heading for the bathroom . The controls are also surprisingly unresponsive -LRB- surprising because you move at only one speed , and there really was n't much to mess up in the first place -RRB- . The only thing that DID hold my attention for that brief dive into `` The Matrix '' was the action . While cheaply done and with frustrating combo controls , I will admit that if -LRB- the key word is IF -RRB- IF you do get a certain move to work , then it looks kinda cool . The story is very shallow and just plain bad . But then again , no one plays it for the story , nor did the majority of the masses go see Matrix
 As a Matrix fan myself , I was very eager to get this game . When it finally came out , I bought it immediately and was extremely disappointed . The gameplay is boring and repetitive with very little detail and effort put into everything besides the characters . The game would have been great , except for the horrible graphics and gameplay . The story is not a porblem since it is that of the Matrix trilogy . The fighting is a button-smasher 's dream , since you just need to smash the mouse to beat up 10 SWAT guys.With few missions that were actually fun , I ca n't say that this deserves more than 2 stars . I think the Wachowski brothers should stick to movies , not games.Gameplay - 1/5Graphics - 2/5Sound - 2/5Fighting - 1/5Story - 5/5
 perhaps the worst game I 've played on PS2 . I finished the game in under 8 hours and found the glitches extremely annoying , the cutscenes horribly cheesy , and the fighting hackneyed . You want a good game go buy Max Payne , this is jsut a cheap rip off with much less flexability .
 i realy think this game is crap and should not be sold because it is to easy . i also think you should buy some new computer softwer to improve the graphics . welcome to the matrix you will expereinse one hell of a rubish game and it will disintergrate in your very hands when you pick it up . RUBBISH GAME , DO NOT BUY IT .
 Fast , furious.Stylish , powerful.The combat system here enthralled me , I spent over an hour on the first mission alone . I perfected every possible attack , shootdodge and cinematic trick imaginable . I could n't beleive how much fun this was.Then the game itself kicked in . A post office . Could it get any more dull?How about sewers ? filled with idiotic enemies who failed to seriously injure me even once.How about driving ? What could be more fun than driving?Unfortunatly , in this world a car is an uncontrollable object derived of any attempt at physics.God I hate this game . Many levels later and the only thing keeping me going is the 52 I paid for the dammed thing.I 'm bored . Only a couple of new moves have turned up , set peices have been laughable and I find the characters irritate me.I promise , avoiding this and buying any other hyped game will be good for you . At worst the others will be 3 stars or more .2 stars . Accompished combat , shoddy game .
 this has to be one of the worst games i have ever had the pleasure of purchasing . i have played some really terrible games in my life but this one may take the cake for worst game ever . the graphics for the game and the actual movie portions were the only things that redeemed this game from a 0 . the game is very glitchy . on every stage that i played there were clipping errors or invisible walls . this game was also too short in gameplay . once you beat the game once there is no real reason to play the other character . all the movies -LRB- the real movies , with the actual actors -RRB- are the same for both characters . it took me less than a week to beat the game . the production for this game was rushed , and due to that , it made the game bad . this game had alot of potential but ball was really dropped on this game . i would suggest if your looking for a good action game try primal , its a better game than this one .
 Althogh the movie was the great this game sucks overall . It is helpful for the background story to the movie , but that doesnt make up for the bad graphics , and easy missions . All of the missions only involve jumping from someplace to another and shooting a dumb cop every once in a while , and sometimes there will be an agent thrown in the game to shoot at you -LRB- but thier aim is way off -RRB- . I have never expierenced any bugs while playing and I will admit that some of the fighting in bullet time looks good . But it is just another point to point , only one course to take game . The player is not able to walk around the missions freely and is stuck in the area it is set in to be . The game is not challenging at all . Most of the action is not anywhere near as cool as the movie . Just run around to the right direction kill some boring cops for about an hour and its over . Overal its not worth paying for this game even if it provides a background story and has a 10 second preview of the third movie .
 WAY less game play than either GTA -LRB- the violence is cleaner and not bloody , but there is just as much of it -RRB- . I 'd say maybe 10 to 20 hours , max , less if you 're obsessive with it . The modeling and movement are good , but there are holes in the plot -LRB- I thought it was supposed to be a stand alone story , but there are major plot flaws if that 's so . -RRB- that are only filled by the movie . Also , when you finish the limited game play , it ends with a great big movie ad for the next movie due out later this year . That 's pretty crass . All in all , while there are some aspects of this virtual environment that show promise , it seems like expensive cross-merchandising more than a real video game . Oh well .
 What is everyone giving these 5 star reviews smoking?Please rent the game first before you buy . Everyone who is interested in buying this game * wants * it to be good , but it falls short . Aside from the interesting tie-in with the movie , the gameplay does * not * stand on its own.I found the PS2 graphics weak , and the animation surprisingly bad . AI was not great and the game feels rushed .
 Well , hmmm what can i say about Enter The Matrix ; As a game tester for Sony except ... Whoa ... I found this game had amazing graphics and awesome DTS soundtrack score plus the cut-in scenes were definitely AAA + . The controls were slightly greasy . There were certain moves that literally froze up the game when you tried to mimic them ie . run up walls and Dodging the Bullets like Neo.Now , I know you 're thinking this was the beta version but actually the copy i got was the final version . Be careful you could end up crashing whatever game system you own .
 I 've read a review about this game in Game Wanker Monthly and I just have to say it ROCKS ! I have n't played it yet , but I did a good job of envisioning it in my MIND ! That trick wall jump is sick!So now , based on my very mental imagination , this game is clearly a 5 . Oh , here 's a rehash of what Wanker had to say
 The reason I bought this game was so that my daughter and I could play a game together that had no blood and gore.It was confusing sometimes and we needed the help of a hint and walkthrough web site at times . I enjoyed it because my daughter liked it . If it were n't for her I probably would have never finished it because I would have lost interest from the beginning .
 This so-called `` game '' is one of the worst -LSB- things -RSB- I 've ever seen . -LSB- Bad -RSB- story , -LSB- bad -RSB- voice acting and badly rendered environment come with bad controls . Puzzles are -LSB- bad -RSB- , no clues , you have to do lots of thing `` just because '' . Every puzzle MUST be done in a strict order , otherwise you can not proceed . To find items , you MUST check EVERY pixel on every scene . Avoid this `` game '' at all costs ...
 I bought this game about six months ago . I have n't finished it yet , mostly because it is so boring that I do n't care to play it . I printed out a walkthrough , but they does n't help much since there are so many sliders , and things that walkthroughs ca n't help with . There is n't one character to interact with during the whole game , and the music is really annoying !!!
 The point of an adventure game is to string together clever puzzles using an innovative -LRB- or at the very least INTERESTING -RRB- story . The story will have clues as to how the puzzles can be solved . Though i know how difficult it is to come up with interesting and difficult pzzles , the designers of this game have n't stepped up to the challenge . Aside from theme , the puzzles have little to do with the story , by that i mean there 's little in the story to actually help you progress in the game.Seriously , I would n't recommend this game to adventure game fans . Sorry -
 This game was terrible - really bad . The graphics were decent and the puzzles had interesting concepts behind them , but the way that you had to solve them made no sense . There were many objects that you had to find to proceed in the game that you literally could not see ; the only way to find them was to run the cursor along every square inch of every screen in the area and look to see if the cursor changed to pick-up mode in order to find what you need . This game was much more frustrating than fun ... a big disappointment .
 this game was horrible . often times you ca n't see items and there is nothing to indicate that something can be done with say a wall or a paiting unless you happen to try an object on it . You do n't interact with charecters really at all . the only times you even see other charecters is once when a man comes in babbling nonesense , or at the end where the story still did n't make sense . things dissapear from your invetory and do n't like to reappear . i had to start the game over three times . The puzzles are illogical and HARD . I was constantly looking for cheats . my opinion
 It 's one thing to have timed puzzles , it 's another thing to have entire sequences timed . The thing I like about adventure games is being able to explore locations and items in a deliberate manner . I do n't want to have to race around clicking on every item or using all my inventory items randomly in hopes that I can get a sequence done before time runs out and Holmes is killed off . The game does n't even let you know how much time you 're being alloted to finish before time runs out . Add all that to the poor graphics and lousy interface .
 This may be an interesting game , but the screens are so dark that detail is impossible to see . I have run this on 2 XP machines , one with a flat-panel display and one with a CRT . Both screens are much too dark at even the correspponding maximum brightness settings . That , coupled with a very hyperactive mouse speed -LSB- also not controllable -RSB- render the game virtually -LSB- really -RSB- unplayable . I recommend `` SAVE YOUR MONEY ! ''
 As a lover of the classic , inventory-based adventure games -LRB- such as the King 's Quest series -RRB- , I jumped at MotM , simply for its puzzle-based qualities . 99 % of the games on the shelves these days are fighting , racing , or war strategy-based games , and I hoped MotM would be a return to the old days . However , I found that it definitely lacked in originality and plot , and dismally failed in ease of play and interface . Namely , I felt I completely wasted my money.PLOT : Without giving anything anyway -LRB- for those of you who may still want to buy it -RRB- , the plot is driven primarily by Sherlock Holmes finding letters , photos , and newspaper clippings . The mystery is solved at the end with Sherlock giving a lengthy monologue in which all the pieces come together . However , the solution is contrived at best , and feels very disconnected from the game play.INTERFACE : This aspect is definitely where the game really fails . I can handle a mediocre plot and flat characters for the love of some tasty puzzles , but it 's a bit difficult when you feel frustrated enough to toss your monitor out the window . Here 's why :1 -RRB- The inventory items are IMPOSSIBLE to find ! Not all grant you , but you basically have to run your cursor over every inch of your 360-degree view in EVERY SINGLE SCREEN . Even then , I often missed things .2 -RRB- The neutral cursor is a hand with a Holmes-like pipe , which changes to a pointer hand if you can move forward , or if there is something of interest , OR if there is a puzzle . The hand changes to a grabbing hand to pick up an inventory item , which is only marginally different from the pointer -LRB- i.e. you move when you think you are about to pick up something -RRB- . Furthermore , game play is picky and difficult to get it the correct cursor to cooperate .3 -RRB- There is no way to put an item back into the inventory , making it very time-consuming to experiment with different items .4 -RRB- Puzzles are poorly designed - even if you figure out the solution , the hassle of entering the answer negates the fun completely . Examples
 Although I did enjoy this somewhat , it was only with the help of an online hint site . I consider myself a fairly good mystery & puzzle solver but the clues in this and the way items were located , if not for those hints ... I 'd be pulling my hair out . Games are supposed to be fun not frustrating.With the hints I 'd give this a 3 ... . without I 'd give it a 1 ... hence my 2 . Try Black Mirror instead !!
 If I could give this review 0 stars , I would . This game was not enjoyable at all . It was so complicated that I could n't finish it without using on-line help . There were n't any clues given ; and many solutions were illogical and did n't follow the game plot . Even an avid strategy-game player , like myself , would be unable to solve the mystery alone . The game was n't fun because you needed help every step of the way . Do n't waste your time or money on this game . It 's not worth it .
 I am an avid adventure gamer -- this one stinks . I got very tired of hunting for clues pixel by pixel for tools needed , trying to solve puzzles with no clear clues , and the puzzles are mindless . Save you money and go play Grim Fandago again .
 When i bought this game , i ignored the reviews , thinking that it would turn out to be a good game . I was horribly wrong . This was one of the worst games ever made.For example , about 5 minuites into the game , you have to solve a puzzle before you can do anything else . I dont like puzzles a lot . Well , this game was full of them . Half of the things you were required to do turned out to have no point later in the game . To make my day of gaming even worse , I have come across 2 slider puzzles in the game so far , and i havent finished it yet . -LCB- im not anywhere near to finsihing it yet . -RCB- The cursor in the game is very confusing . I just kept clicking around the screen because i didnt understand any of the cursor symbuls . I have counted throughtout my half gaming experience , and noticed the cursor changes 6 times!If you are going to buy this game , get a walkthrough first , because i couldnt do half the stuff on my own without one .
 Dreamcatcher usually puts out very cool games , but this one looks like it was made in 1992 -LRB- and that 's being nice -RRB- . The graphics were poor compared to other adventure games , and a lot of the puzzles had nothing to do with the game . I could not tackle a puzzle sometimes because the clues had really nothing to do with the game , so it was hard to know what to look for . And one puzzle near the end required the player to LITERALLY find a pin in a completely destroyed room -LRB- like a needle in a haystack ! -RRB- . There was NO WAY of being able to see this piece , let alone find it , unless you carefully followed the directions of a walkthrough . I think they could have done better . Thank goodness I sold it and got some money back ...
 what i liked
 this game is fun to play , and the pitching is the best of any game , however the fact that you can regularly throw runners out at first on clean hits to right field really bugs me , and the throw meter takes way to long . also the infielders will often move out of the way of the base , and catch the ball before the runner gets there , but not make the tag . this game is fun for the arcade style gamer , but if you are looking for a realistic baseball game i recomend the world series baseball games from sega .
 Do n't expect anything near Madden , NBA Live , or even Triple Play because this game does n't compare to EA 's previuos titles . What happened to fantasy drafts - the best part of today 's sporting games ? Where are the special features in this game ? The gameplay is decent but franchise mode is just plain old bad . YOU WILL BE DISAPPOINTED .
 Billy Bob must be an inbred because he has no clue what he is talking about . Actually , the more I think of it , he 's probably the CEO of the company !! - What a lame review.Nice Job , Billy Bob!Time for you to go fire some people .
 EA claimed they revamped this series . Instead we got an even more arcade style version of Triple Play . Game requires no skill or baseball strategy . No Thanks EA , I 'll pass !
 I 've got a real bone to pick with EA . They just keep giving the Xbox wavw after wave of games with poor graphics and less features than on the PS2 . Now , I am real close to dumping EA and begin playing Sega Sports games -LRB- which has some very sold games -RRB- PROS
 So this year Triple Play becomes MVP Baseball . I admit I wanted this one to be good and graphically it is , but sadly I 've learned that 's the only good thing going for it . What happened to EA Sports ? ... It added `` funky '' throwing meters that make playing it pretty akward . Franchise mode is limited to 10 seasons . In my opinion , the best baseball game on the market right now is World Series Baseball 2k3 , but High Heat MLB 2004 also got some good reviews ...
 This game is the worst game I have played since Land of the Dead
 This game waz terrible i played it w / my cousins the only reason i chose 1 * waz because that was the lowest it went on a scale from 1 to 5 i give it -3 . in the game you ca n't aim because it automaticly hits your opponents . IT takes forever and is so boring . in conclusion boooooooooooooooooooo .
 I think this game is bad because well it is , it sucks rent it before you buy it .
 Interesting story , unique approach , but ultimately frustrating fight interface mars this game . As someone who loves GTA , Godfather and Mercenaries , I had high hopes for this game . But it is more oriented to turn-based strategy , as you have to order your minions into fights and spend more time commanding than running and gunning . And speaking of gunning , having to press the analog stick down to aim is klunky and slows down the action . I was excited to get this game , but the excitement wore off and became frustrated neglect after a couple of hours .
 This game was a little fun to play but I found it too easy . I played it on the third level of difficulty and I finished it in three days . There is no strategy to the game , all it is , is run , shoot and then run and shoot some more . The few levels in the game are all the same and way too short . The story line is very bad and , like the levels , way too fast . I get the feeling the makers of this game just rushed through it and did n't give it any time to make it good.The strategy in this game is pathetic . All you do is run and shoot ! There is hardly any talking during the levels and they are all the same from destroying helipads and rasing flags ! Why do n't you just play one level over and over again instead of each level once , there is little difference.Like the strategy in the game , the story line was pathetic . A zero to hero in a matter of days type of thing . I mean , what kind of plumber would become a so called ` Freedom Phantom , ' the big leader boss in the resistance in a matter of days?This is a very poorly made game . I highly do n't recommend buying it nonetheless renting it .
 Do n't even waste fifteen dollars on this game . I am at the tail end of Call of Duty and decided to prepare myself for a new game investment and the reviews here suggested that Freedom Fighters would be a good time . NO ! It is terrible . The set up for controls is unnatural and the sight of my character 's body instead of a weapon is disorienting . The multiplayer aspect is a failure as well , becoming a stupid game of capture the flag . The orders you give to your recruits is mindless . You 'd have more fun taking a twenty dollar bill and burning it instead of playing this game .
 This game is pretty fun the first time around but it only takes about 5 hours to beat . Then you can try and do it with a different character on the exact same levels with slightly different situations , you 'll find that beating a level the first time is pretty fun but doing it again is just an annoying chore.The graphics are excellent for the opening video and the main characters , but thats it all the other characters graphics are second rate and the surroundings have horrible lighting and barely any detail.The plot has to be the worst part about this game , but if you would buy it based on everything i said before this your probally not the kind of person that cares about the plot , you just wan na kill some people right ? well even that is no fun at all , you sneak up behind them press square and it shows rikimaru either slitting their throat , stabbing them in the back , or a couple of other action sequences , killing like this is fun for the first level than its just old . If you want a game for killing just go to Devil May Cry or Devil May cry 2 . Overall this game just isnt worth buying , if you want to buy a ninja game that is challenging fun and has replay value go for Shinobi . Dont make the mistake of buying it like i did becuase then you 'll just end up selling it on ebay 5 days later.BTW
 I 've played all the other Tenchu games to date and this one is definetly better than the second one they tried to pass over as a game ahwile back . But it stops there - there is nothing really new here at all . This game is very similiar to the first Tenchu in many aspects but not new in many at all . Controls and sounds are pretty close - with some new power-up moves and ways of rewarding the stealthier ninja players.One thing I can not stand is the fact that there is no savepoints in the game . You screw up in the middle of a level , or how about falling off a cliff at the end of a level , and you can just kiss your 30min of perfect stealth kills goodbye , cause you get to start over from the beginning , oh what joy.If you liked the first Tenchu - this has the same basic formula and will not dissapoint . If you like for developers to expand on ideas and actually try to improve their games , look elsewhere . This is a graphics update and story change from the first Tenchu in a nutshell . Decent game , great idea with the stealth kills but bad design descisions for the player to enjoy themselvs .
 I played this right after I played Splinter Cell . For those of you that played Splinter Cell , you know that Splinter Cell is a near perfect stealth game . But Tenchu is just a dumbed down stealth game in comparison.First of all , the point of the game is to get stealth kills . I did n't like that aspect at all . The point of being a ninja is to go through the mission undetected without leaving traces . But you 're just jumping around and leaving bodies everywhere.Also , the AI is stupid . I 'm so used to Splinter Cell where the enemies can hear you sneak up behind them if you 're not careful . But here you do n't have to stalk . You just run up and kill them . They also give up too easily . You can hide behind a tree and they 'll get stumped.Finally the camera is horrible . It is very hard to actually sneak if you ca n't monitor the enemy because the camera is being retarded . I think this game might be a little more fun if the camera work was better .
 This game is nothing more than a revamped version of the first two . However , the controls are even worse and the camera often leaves you facing some other direction than which you are seeing . You continually have to press L1 to readjust the camera . The levels are almost exactly the same as the previous games . Combat is flat out stupid and there is only one new feature that lets you gain new combo moves by piling up stealth kills . That 's fine and dandy but the combo moves gained are combat inefficient . Waste of money , waste of time . Terrible .
 I 'm flabbergasted for two reasons : First , how did Activision manage to make a PS2 sequel to a PS1 game that 's actually WORSE than the original ?? It defies logic ! This game has the absolute WORST CAMERA ANGLES OF ALL-TIME !!! To top it off , the character movement and combat is `` wooden '' at best . I have better games on my friggin cell phone.Second , how in the LL Cool J did so many Amazon users give this a good review ?? Argh!You 'd be better off playing PS1 ` Tenchu
 This game is hard . There are 30 missions , which are bland . As for replay value in single player mode ... It really is n't there . `` But you can stealth kill ! '' There is little motivation to stealth kill once you get 10 -LRB- then you get a new ability -RRB- . There is really no story what-so-ever . It also gets a little moronic when you have to fight a bunch of undead . Pretty soon you just stop fighting real people . It is kinda retarted.As I said just now , enemys are stupid . The AI is terrible . Then the monsters ... my gosh the creativity partment is lacking . Demons are terrible at doing anything . Then there are a bunch of wooden robots . What ? Wooden Robots ? Apparently wooden robots die when you slit their wooden throats . It 's almost as if the creators got bored , because I did . The stealth kills are alright though.Environments suck . The game is pretty much stealth kill ahoy . Sometimes it is a little moronic when enemys give up after 3 seconds of searching . Seriously . They will literally stop looking for you after a couple seconds.After you do some bland areas the game is n't so bad . It is still not a worthy investment though . Let me break it down.Pros : Stealth KillsNinjasCooperative modeCons : Bland levelsPathetic story lineHorrendously moronic AIStupid bad-guys .
 Good graphics , great concept , great story , immersive gameplay - ALL of this completely ruined by terrible , uncontrolable camera angles . To me it was n't worth the 5 dollars I paid for it on eBay . All they had to do was fix the camera ... unbelievable .
 i love stealth action adventure games.but this game is not as no far from as addictive asMGS2 so i asked my self why?the fact that it did not have a built in RADARquite annoying . yes it didnt have radar i do n't know if iget or earn such item but i started pretty rough.no radar ? splinter cell , mgs2 ? imagine that.i wont recomend it to single players but dual player mightenjoy the game .
 This is one of the cheapest made products I have ever purchased in my life . The music is not real songs just a bunch of electronic noises and the graphics are so 1980 's . It reminds me of an Atari game I got when they first came out . I purchased two for gifts but then ended up sending them back . One even looked like it had been used then reboxed as new . The seller has no phone number so you have to email them . They wo n't pay for return shipping nor will they refund original shipping charges to you . Make sure you pay with the Amazon payment system because you can us their A-Z Gtd to get your money back .
 DO NOT BUY THIS ! I was so excited when I got it and when I started to play I found out it has horrible graphics and the music is nothing but tinkers.And it was way too easy !!
 I bought this for my two daughters -LRB- 7 & 8at the time -RRB- for last Christmas . They were not excited about it . They tried it once and could not keep up . They felt very frustrated and never played it again . The music and graphics stink .
 I am disappointed in the DDR TV Pad for a number of reasons . The sound quality is poor , the video quality is poor , the sound selection is poor and the graphics are 1970 's . I would not recommend the purchase of this product until you have the chance to see it first.Not worth the cost at all .
 We were a little disappointed with the DDR system . The pad moves around alot and gets all wrinkled up . The positive is that you get a really good work-out . We were also very upset that we did n't receive the one we ordered and the seller did n't care . Might be our last online purchase for while .
 $ 150 + for a more expensive system or $ 30 for this product . First of all , the song titles are not what is advertised , and the sound is poor . After using the more expensive DDR system , this does not come close .
 Started out as fun -LRB- although pretty primitive and basic -RRB- . Ca n't really say much more about this product yet , though , because after a couple of plays it stopped working correctly and we returned it for a replacement . Still awaiting the replacement ; hoping to receive it soon because the kids are all out of patience ! One other comment , re . set-up - we have an older TV and the only way I could get it to work was to plug it into the front jacks of my DVD player -LRB- which was hooked up to my TV -RRB- and then toggle through the various input options until it showed up on the screen - not exactly the simple plug and play I 'd hoped for . Also , this product seems to work best on a hard floor , not as well on carpet ; bummer for us because our TV room has carpet .
 It 's good if you do n't mind the cheap graphics . It does do it 's job , but not too many selection as far as music goes . It does what it says , no system need !!!! That 's a + .
 Not that fun doesnt stay in one place on the floor . its hard to tell if you have hit the mark . My 8 year old has played it for 5 minutes and decided its not very fun .
 I 'm ashamed to say that after being one of the elite few that have stuck with this game since day one , -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , I 'm canceling all connections with UO . UO started out as being one of the best games I 'd ever played , and because of such I paid the monthly fee every month to keep going . I know feel , with the changes that have taken place in the past few updates and expansions , UO has cut its own throat . The game play has done nothing but go down hill . I feel that this new expansion was a far fetched and desperate attempt by OSI to recharge an already dieing world . Dont waist your time or money . Its not worth it . You 'll find nothing but let downs and discouragements from a game that started out great but has definitely run its course . There is no longer any customer appreciation or support and it seems that EA has found themselves to busy to service the people that pay their bills . They 'd do better to cancel the UO world than to continue trying to milk every dime they can out of the fed up players .
 I 'm ashamed to say that after being one of the elite few that have stuck with this game since day one , -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , I 'm canceling all connections with UO . UO started out as being one of the best games I 'd ever played , and because of such I paid the monthly fee every month to keep going . I know feel , with the changes that have taken place in the past few updates and expansions , UO has cut its own throat . The game play has done nothing but go down hill . I feel that this new expansion was a far fetched and desperate attempt by OSI to recharge an already dieing world . Dont waist your time or money . Its not worth it . You 'll find nothing but let downs and discouragements from a game that started out great but has definitely run its course . There is no longer any customer appreciation or support and it seems that EA has found themselves to busy to service the people that pay their bills . They 'd do better to cancel the UO world than to continue trying to milk every dime they can out of the fed up players .
 This game when it first came out was simply great and remained great for a year or two and then they decided to `` up-date '' the game or to `` improve '' it which the 2nd age was a wonderful update but everything after that was down hill from there and the more they update it the worse they make it I realize there just trying to improve it but the game was better back before UO
 This game when it first came out was simply great and remained great for a year or two and then they decided to `` up-date '' the game or to `` improve '' it which the 2nd age was a wonderful update but everything after that was down hill from there and the more they update it the worse they make it I realize there just trying to improve it but the game was better back before UO
 This game when it first came out was simply great and remained great for a year or two and then they decided to `` up-date '' the game or to `` improve '' it which the 2nd age was a wonderful update but everything after that was down hill from there and the more they update it the worse they make it I realize there just trying to improve it but the game was better back before UO
 As a longtime Ultima Online player -LRB- 31/2 years -RRB- I cant even begin to describe how angry and upset I am at what EA has done to this once great game with the release of Age of Shadows.They 've changed Ultima Online from a fun , easy to understand game to a complicated , irritating headache . It 's not even the same game anymore ! It 's a poorly thought out clone of Diablo2 and that was a loser of a game and Age of Shadows is no different.Couple this with EA 's poor to nonexistant customer service I strongly urge anyone who 's considering buying Age of Shadows to save themselves the -LSB- money -RSB- for the game and the $ ... a month to play it . Not to mention saving yourself the hassle of dealing with EA 's poor excuse for customer service.I 'm going to cancel my Ultima Online account right after posting this review . If a 31/2 year Ultima Online player doing that dos ` nt say it all about Age of Shadows I dont know what will .
 I 'm not new to online gaming but am to the Ultima experience and have found the game to be very enjoyable to play -LRB- more on that later -RRB- . If you played AD&D while growing up and liked it then you 'll love this game . Currently there is a major problem with instability with the servers used to play that Origin blames on not enough server memory . They state no more memory can be added to the current servers so now we have a major problem . Constant server crashes and more often than not , major lag becomes a huge factor making the game nearly unplayable at the current time . The features and gameplay are fantastic WHEN you can get on and play for a while . My suggestion would be to wait until summer before spending your money on this game . Maybe then they 'll have there end working . A quick comment on in game support , I 'm writing this review while waiting on it -LRB- 6 hours and counting -RRB- .
 very frustrating to get connected and find out that there is no land left to build a house ... not to mention what land is available ca n't be built on . The bugs are endless and the shards have been up and down - though mostly down for 2 days ... very disappointing .
 Yes Electronic Arts and Origin Software Run this Game . It was made to be addicting . I have played since it came out over 5 years now and counting . I am a uo addict yet my account is now up for sale . I am a disgruntled customer 1 of millions.The game had endless possibilities , many character choices and was a challenge to learn . Yet they alter the game with very little notice and almost no care for player input . -LRB- ... -RRB- The game itself is full of people who are worse then most in reality , evil greedy and take advantage of any including their best friends . Sexual activity -LRB- cyber sex -RRB- is also a big problem in this game yet little is done to stop what is wrong with the game , you are simply told to ignore it . -LRB- ... -RRB- Sad to see a promising game that i have played for years end up in a coffin as it is dieing and has been for 2 years or so.I recommend Star Wars Generations , -LRB- ... -RRB- . It is in my best opinion that this games monthly fee be lowered to replace lost players and enhance revenue through quality of game play as well as quantity of players , yet this is not what is to be happening . The game will most likely be closed within 1 to 2 years in my opinion as the millions of players are now down to thousands , a substantial loss that should inform any that it is a losing proposition to invest in .
 I used to be a fan of UO but now its just not worth it , the gameplay still keeps its goodness and that 's why I gave it 2 starts and not 1 . But the servers are getting worse and worse , and now it 's just not worth paying 10 bucks a month for a game that is laggier than Diablo 2 . Do n't get me wrong this is a good game with good gameplay and great fun but the lag is destroying it . If they decide to fix the servers I will bring my review up to a 5 . If they make the game free but keep the laggy servers then I will only change it to a 3 because that would prove that Electronic Arts are just too lazy and do n't care enough about the players enjoyment of the game to fix anything and they would have basically just give up on the game.If you want a free online RPG with less lag then get Diablo 2 . If you want an MMORPG with little lag then get Asheerons Call , Asherons Call 2 , or Dark Age of Camelot .
 Up until this upgrade of the UO , things have been great . Since this update on 2/11 , logging onto the server has been very slow if at all . If you are lucky enough to get logged on , then you have to put up with all the lag , either because of all the custom houses on the server now , or because UO was not ready for an influx of people , either way , it makes for a lousy time . The new world Malas is too small , and does not really add to the game at all . I hope they can fix these problems , but if not , then I will be looking for a new online game .
 I do n't get it . I really do n't . I expected an intricate , fun , community experience with this game . I was excited throughout the registration process , looking at the box and reading about the handfuls of trades to take up and all of the other wonderful features of the Ultima Online experience . I was pleased to hear about the 30 day free trial.I made it to day 5 . This game is boring.The trades system is a joke , seeing as how the apparent goal of UO , to most of its gamers , is to make money . Well the truth is only one or two trades really make you any money in this game . PvP combat is restricted to specific areas . I 'm sorry , but PvP is a fact of life with online RPG 's . Player killers were always all the more incentive to be careful outside city limits , and to hone your combat skills . There is very little to even do in the game . All I ever see is players huddling around the bank , trading items and selling their properties.Maybe I just do n't understand this style of game , but this was the biggest waste of money I have ever spent , and I only spent 10 dollars on it . Really , I want my 10 dollars back .
 well for one thing it gets quite boring , there arent many jobs to select from , the graphics ... , theres bugs , not for dial - up users well its a waste of time its terrible trust me there are a lot better mmorpgs out there like everquest and please dont buy this and stay away from it if you see it on the shelves trust me this ...
 I have been playing for 3 years now , and not once have I seen an expansion that was so earth shattering or confusing . Nor have I had one that so totally damaged my ability to enjoy the game.The item-based combat is their biggest mistake in my opinion . Because UOs combat was more geared toward skill-based combat than item-based is the main reason I liked it . The game always used items ... what is a swordsman without his sword ? Without his armor ? What is a mage without his reagents ? Of course we relied on items as our tools to fight with , but now they are becoming more than tools , they are becoming the total basis and soul source of our abilities . No longer was that mage bested because that warrior 's slowly and deftly trained resistance to spells kept him from taking as much damage as he normally would . No longer will there be the breathtaking and skillfull duels that we could all watch for hours , now they will only last 5 seconds . No longer does the man who can tame the mighty dragons hold any respect , now anyone can do it with a few + skill items . -LRB- This is not restricted to taming either , this applies to all skills . -RRB- In short this game has gone from where your abilities meant everything to where your items mean everything and anything in combat.This is why I rate this game poorly , I once loved it , but now it drives me away , see you all in Shadowbane or Dragon Empires if either ever hits the market :-RRB- but I most defenitely wont see you in UO .
 I was first exposed to UO over 4 years ago , shortly after the Second Age expansion had come out , and was completely blown away by it . I still look back at how it was and wonder how Origin -LRB- now EA -RRB- could destroy such a simple , beautiful concept , but they did . The UO : Renaissance and Lord Blackthorn 's Revenge were downright terrible , but they did have one or two redeeming values to offset the horror of how they bastardized the game.Age of Shadows is a completely different issue . If you are able to log on to the game -LRB- which you pay $ 10 a month for -RRB- , you are in store for jerky , time-delayed actions/movement which would make a Commodore 64 seem state of the art . Add to that the fact that EA has completely turned the previous ranking system -LRB- which was simple and precise -RRB- on its head and made it to where no one understands the value of anything.Last but not least , lets not forget the bugs . This `` upgrade '' looks like it was written by a first semester student from the DeVry Institute , I bet even Bill Gates is laughing at this thing . Note to Origin
 I 'm not sure what they were thinking . The changes that went into this game should have been saved for a different game entirely . I 've been playing Ultima Online since September of 1997 and after upgrading to this new release its possible that the game is at its worst . For new players I suppose they would n't know the difference . For older players ? I 've got a mage who ca n't leave the house without dying anymore because they thought it would be clever to change the magic resisance rules . As far as the advertisment of building your own house ? I 've been in the game for over five years and the friend that I have that does have a house bought his on Ebay . I upgraded figuring I 'd be able to buy a house in the new lands . ... . I 've found Dark Age Of Camelot to be not nearly as deep a game but the people are FAR more polite and the game has infinitely superior graphics.Thanks and good luck to you all .
 I been playing UO for just about 2 years now and this expansion is the worst gaming experience I have ever had , literally.OSI seems to not care a damn for quality , and this expansion proves it . It has seen 6 patches in the last 2 weeks , and there are still about 100 known bugs in it to date . If you need help , do n't expect any , or expect to wait 5 to 6 hours -LRB- online -RRB- for it . You 'll see this terribly worn out `` We are sorry for any inconvenience this has caused you '' line . Which I personally have seen way too many times since AoS was published.The system crashes at least twice a day , and if you want to play in the evening -LRB- est -RRB- , forget it . That is unless you do not mind trying to log in 50 times to get in . But once you do the game 's latency is horrific , the lag is so bad that it makes the game completely unplayable.This expansion 's new world `` malas '' is nothing more than a giant housing project . Yet another way for certain people to profit financially from the game once more . Like it has been said before the new monsters , what is new about them ? They look different , but they are the same thing over & over , time and again.Save yourself some stress and money , do not buy this , I wish I had not . Now I want a refund , like I will ever be able to pry a refund from OSI 's greedy hands .
 People , I 've been playing this game for over a year and I do n't know why I continue to put myself through this torture . The game is very addicting however , extremely frustrating because they continually make changes however , they neglect to test their changes sufficiently before they implement them . If you are thinking about playing this game , do not bother for at least another month until they have managed to work out the kinks.Not only is this game buggy , but the customer service is virtually non-existant . If you try calling via telephone you get put on hold for hours or in my case , get hung up on . If you try to `` page '' a GM -LRB- online customer service person -RRB- in the game , you 'll be waiting in a queue for a full day or longer , assuming you do n't get booted because the servers are constantly shutting down , losing your place within the queue . And the support e-mail address they provide returns my e-mails indicating that it is no longer in use . I have yet to try snail mail however , I suspect that it might be a futile process.Save your money , wait for Star Wars Galaxy and hope they 've got it together .
 I had been playing Ultima Online for 3 years prior to the release of this expansion . The bugs surpassed anything I 've previously seen Electronic Arts let out the door . They really outdid themselves with this one.And that does n't even get started on the fact they turned the entire game upside down and inside out , completely changing everything . I thought I 'd logged into Diablo Online accidently.The roll out was so awful , Electronic Art 's subsidary , Origin Systems has offered a reward to compensate players for their trouble.This expansion ruin a once great game . I stopped playing within 1 week of this expansion and moved on to Dark Age of Camelot . If you 're looking for something like UO used to be , check out Shadowbane . Even for free , Age of Shadows is a waste of time .
 Do n't order from here if you expect to get it . They give you the run around and you never end up with it . Other than the fact that you miss out on this item it is fun , but order it from somewhere where you can really get the Hooded Shroud of Shadows .
 You would think that a mmorpg game , backed by a large gaming company like EA , would revamp this game to keep up with modern game play . In it 's time , UO was an awesome game . But now games like Neverwinter Nights have left this game behind in the past where it belongs . I quit playing UO in disgust waiting for phase 3 of the Housing to kick in over six months ago . Checking the UO website I have found to date they still have not started phase 3 . The quest , -LRB- yes singular -RRB- were drawn out and you had to wait for the next part of the quest to be activated , what a joke . The expansion pack will be more of the same . Do n't waste your money on this game .
 This game was released 5 days ago and it still is un-playable . Origin systems , the designer , failed to test the game properly before introducing it . It was sold on a pre-release basis with added extras . Massive problems have arisen since the release ... Buyer beware ! ...
 I played Ultima Online for about 4 years and finally quit around the release of AoS . Honestly . . do n't waste your time buying it . In the beginning , UO was UO . People played it because of the differences from EQ or Diablo . PvP was skill based and not item based . But that 's what AoS has turned UO into - a mindless item based game just like everything else out there . PLUS OSI makes you pay ... a month for service that is completely -LSB- bad -RSB- and every new update only benefits those that refuse to engage in Player vs Player combat . Almost every single template has been nerfed and even though 99 % of gameplay is based on magic , magery has been nerfed the most and -LSB- messed up -RSB- over time and time again . Melee templates with the best weapons and items dominate the game and can kill a mage in 2 hits or less . Casting delays for mages were set at a reasonable level before but now they 've been prolonged even further . Seriously . . go play D2 or EQ if you 'd rather play item based games so you can save 120 bux a year .
 OSI really Drolled the ball on this way , they have NO CLUE what the players want or how do get it done , the Shards have been down for 2 days now , and no clue when they 'll be back up , the Bugs and issues are Everywhere , and they are in `` closed ranks '' people are quitting left and right and they refuse to answer the simplest Questions ... STAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME .
 Imagine a game with NO BETA TESTING , -LSB- weak -RSB- / NO IN-GAME and OUTSIDE GAME SUPPORT , issues/problems with the game is TOTALLY IGNORED BY EA/OSI/Game Developers and their Greed etc -LRB- Your worst NIGHMARE -RRB- . ... Veteran players use their advantage -LRB- wealth/exclusive information etc -RRB- to place multiple houses and sell it in eBay ... ; while new players dont get a chance to do anything.Entire game are full of bugs such as instant disconnect when logging in -LRB- BLACKHOLE ISSUE -RRB- , EXTREME LAG , items missing when it was kept in a secure place , cheats and exploits.Graphic and sound are same as the original version in 1997 ...
 This game when it first came out was simply great and remained great for a year or two and then they decided to `` up-date '' the game or to `` improve '' it which the 2nd age was a wonderful update but everything after that was down hill from there and the more they update it the worse they make it I realize there just trying to improve it but the game was better back before UO
 I 've played Ultima Online for years on Dial-Up and now I ca n't play it at all . I 'm not alone either . Check out the Ultima Online message boards . Everyone on Dial-Up either can not play at all or can do nothing but sit in an empty town and do crafts.Not worth the money !!!
 If you are into frustration , you should play this game . I played for 13 months , and the only reason I hung on for so long was the promise of a new version with more land and better game play . Instead what we got was the same old thing . The players with the cheats got all the new land , and the rest of us got left out in the cold . The lag became unbearable even with my dsl connection . Connections kept getting dropped . It is a mess . After 13 months of nightly play to try to build up my character , putting up with all the rude people and trying to earn enough money to buy a house when age of shadows came out and to find out that 1 day after it did come out all the land was gone , I decided to cancel . I am now one of the thousands of FORMER UO players . DO NOT EVER start playing any version of this game . You 'll wish you had n't .
 I pre-ordered this game 2 weeks ago to be delivered on 2-12 . Now it 's the 13th and the game has n't even shipped . Needless to say I 'm not a happy customer .
 I 'm ashamed to say that after being one of the elite few that have stuck with this game since day one , -LRB- 1997 -RRB- , I 'm canceling all connections with UO . UO started out as being one of the best games I 'd ever played , and because of such I paid the monthly fee every month to keep going . I know feel , with the changes that have taken place in the past few updates and expansions , UO has cut its own throat . The game play has done nothing but go down hill . I feel that this new expansion was a far fetched and desperate attempt by OSI to recharge an already dieing world . Dont waist your time or money . Its not worth it . You 'll find nothing but let downs and discouragements from a game that started out great but has definitely run its course . There is no longer any customer appreciation or support and it seems that EA has found themselves to busy to service the people that pay their bills . They 'd do better to cancel the UO world than to continue trying to milk every dime they can out of the fed up players .
 After almost 3 years of playing Ultima Online , and loving every minute of it , they release this Age of Shadows.They 've reduced a wonderful , exciting game to a shadow of its former self . Before this expansion , your character relied on his/her skills to carry them forward . Now , it 's all about the items you own . Their new `` item insurance '' feature ensures that if you have the gold , you will never lose an item , taking away the risk factor for almost every encounter , whether it be fighting monsters , or fighting other players.If you want a game that is a race to see who has the best items , by all means buy it . If you want a world filled with wonder and challenges at every turn , you missed the boat.Thumbs down ...
 constant struggle to connect to servers ; constant lag when you do connect during peak hours ; poor customer service through game/website/telephone calls ; 90 % of game play time is spent dealing with continuous bugs
 Age of Shadows is very bugged to say the least . I 've been very disappointed with game play . There is almost constant lag and disconnects due to server overloads because of lack of preparation by company . Its very difficult for a new player to start . You may spend a couple hours to develop a new character only to have the server crash and set you back to the beginning again . This has been a very frustrating experience . I would definitely not recommend this product to anyone at the current time .
 The reason I give this expansion 1 star is because I have some optimism for it -- but not much as you can see.AOS was supposed to bring about land and 2 new professions.THERE IS NO MORE LAND-despite what leaders in the UO community have said about land being `` available '' to build on , it is my belief that this land does not exist !! As far as the new professions go , Necromancy is a bunch of shape shifting not to mention the spells fail nearly 80 % of the time -LRB- same for mages -RRB- and Paladin spells -LSB- arent that great -RSB- ! The effects of nearly all the new spells do n't last longer than a few secs . Many changes to old spells that are definately not good changes -LRB- para only para 's for approximately 2-3 seconds if that -RRB- I think OSI totally nerfed alot of this game . . LOOT is terrible , MONSTERS hit harder -LRB- purposely done says ORIGIN -RRB- , MONSTERS take less damage , and tamed animals are weak and take huge stat losses ... these are only a few of the game changes that have changed the way Ultima Online now plays.UO 's ECONOMOY and player trading are a joke . The economy is in shambles because of recent decrease in monster loot . The economy and player trading have been impacted due to recent item changes and their unuser friendly qualities . The previous makes it difficult to put fair market prices on things . AND real estate is in shambles with the `` house rush '' -LRB- for land in MALAS -RRB- and the coming of the long overdue `` PHASE 3 '' of housing which wo n't even be started until after AOS bull is figured out!The LAG is terrible and you get disconnected from the game with every step you take . BUGS BUGS AND MORE BUGS !!! NO INGAME HELP !! Customer service is beyond non-existant -LRB- like being in a test shard -RRB- . UO does not take customer support issues by email.IF you pay for this expansion , you 're basically paying for a code to play a beta test . This expansion was released prematurely ... do n't WASTE your TIME , EFFORT , or MONEY in ULTIMA ONLINE.Goodbye UO , AOS is truly an `` Age of Shadows '' for you .
 I have been a UO user on and off for about 5 years . Kind of fun to go back to every once in a while at least until I play a while and remember why I left.I loaded this game , was able to patch it but was never able to log in . I kept getting a `` client.exe encountered trouble '' message.The UO site was the same as I remember - no help at all . The EA support site was also useless . The two sites even contradicted each other . Then I called the EA tech support number and all they did was send me an email that appeared to have been written soley to deal with Win95 and 98 yet I CLEARLY told the guy multiple times that I was running Windows XP . As shown below my system exceeds the even the recommended setup on the box.P4 2.4 Ghz512Meg ramSoundblaster LivenVidia GeForce4 Ti4200If your setup is anything like mine DO N'T waste your money . You will get next to NO technical support or recommendations for fixing the problem.As a side note , I would NEVER , EVER buy anything from Electroniques Boutique . Not only would they not refund the purchase price for the game but they also would not refund my money for the UO strategy guide that I purchased at the same time as the game . Like I can really use that book at all .
 this is by far the worst upgrade in the history of online gaming . those of use that have played this game religiously for the past 5 years are supremely disappointed and we are leaving UO in droves . if you have never played UO dont even bother to start now . for you veterans . . lets hope star wars galaxies rocks .
 Age of Shadows is very bugged to say the least . I 've been very disappointed with game play . There is almost constant lag and disconnects due to server overloads because of lack of preparation by company . I would definitely not recommend this product to anyone at the current time .
 Well I started playing this game before all of the UO grandeur , and that is what I truley miss . With each of the subsequent upgrades and patches , I believe UO has gone down in rank bringing it alas to the humble rating of one star . This newest version is perhaps the worst debacle to visit the virtual world that is Ultima Online , and to anyone who has witnessed the mayhem inherent to Age of Shadows will understand of what I speak . If you are knew to this gameplay experience then I tell you you have already missed the best of what was to offer and furthermore it will never return . This version of Ultima Online was a debacle from the point when I `` preordered '' it . With a slew of daily bugs and client crashes , I 'm sure everyone who purchases this game will be quite disappointed . To those who have permanently quit the UO community I ca n't say that I blame you.Oh and ask yourself
 I hate to say this but this use to be a great game , not only for newbie 's but for veteran players alike . Now if you dont have good skills you cant go anywhere in the game . Being that most people who start out in the game as a New Character with low skills , unable to make money , unable to buy reagents , unable to buy armour , having to relay on other players to help you out . It is not a lot of fun . It also is not a lot of fun , due to they lower animal stats , now pets jet kills almost as quickly as the owner . Combat rules changed , now monsters can do more damage to chars ... thus killing people and pets faster than they use to . If u want to die a lot get this game , enjoy dieing . . this is the game for you . . enjoy spending money monthly to die this is the game for you . What can I say unless you are a veteran player , it will take you at least 6-8 months to make a character that is able to make money and in the long run you will have died numerous times , unless a veteran player comes to help out . To bad you cant rate game with 1/2 stars , because that is what they have done to this game .
 This expansion pack drove me away from the game after 3 years of playing . UO has a history of bad launches , as do most MMORPG 's , but in the past they have uploaded `` test servers '' which basically allows the entire playing population to Beta test . No such thing was done with AoS . They claimed it was to keep up the suspense and excitement for the `` never before seen '' new features , but in truth it was to prevent the player base from learning about how dramatically they were changing the game . This expansion totally changes the basic framework of the game to mimic many of its more modern competitors , yet fails to implement those systems half as well as its competition , not to mention they conflict with the legacy system that had been working for 5 years . Lets also not forget -LRB- for you ole skool gamers out there -RRB- that with every expansion that Ulitima Online becomes a little less `` Ultima '' as Richard Gariott envisioned it , and more generic boaring rpg . This game should be renamed `` Ultima Diablo Quest . '' If that idea appeals to you , then i hope you enjoy .
 I purchased ultima online a while ago and bought hte new expantion . The game is fun but once you do the basics fr each charcter it gets boring . The game is alot of repition and is very hard to get a good character .
 This is a dieing game that does not have much left in it.I have played since it came out and if you are a parent i would not recommend this game for your child.They do nothing about Hackers , Racism and Sexuality.They offer bans but do not act properly on them and there is little punishment dealt out for such actions.In fact i would recommend any other company games than EA and Origin Software . Like Star Wars Generations.I am sorry I played this game so long but i learnt all the companies want is to sell more disks year after year to power gaming addicts . They understand that computer games can be addictive and have used it to their advantage this release is no different than any others . Full of bugs that take a year to iron out in which time they are also busy working on the next release.Which in this case is UO DOA.My account is being closed as hundreds of friends have already done . I post this here to warn others of what is coming.If you play UO id be selling on ebay now well it is still possible to do . Prices have dropped substantially on uo game stuff a good indication the game is dieing.Come their next big patch they will be losing more business and will likely be forced to decide on wether the game should continue or not . As most those who quit lately will not buy into their companies more , ever !
 My initial experiences in the UO world were poor , as I found people unfriendly and downright rude , unwilling to help new players . After searching I finally found someone wiling to show me the ropes , but to really learn necessary parts of this game players are forced to visit third party websites.Once you start playing the game you will also be forced to deal with an usually large number of `` griefers '' . These are people whose sole mission in the game is to make your playing experience less enjoyable . Despite the fact that the game has a supposed strict `` no harassment '' policy , do n't expect any help . You will get the answer that they must witness the harassment in person , which is putting the cart before the horse as the moment a GM -LRB- game master -RRB- shows up to witness the event , the harassment stops.Game play is highly repetitive and dull . All of the `` craft '' characters -LRB- blacksmith , tailor , alchemist , scribe , tinker , carpenter , etc. . -RRB- involve a boring series of repetitive keystroking to master . -LRB- You click on the sewing kit , choose the item to make , repeat until mastered -RRB- -LRB- click on smith hammer , choose the item to make , repeat until mastered -RRB- . There is n't anything interesting in the game by way of quests , or missions or anything really fun . Basically you just camp your character near a place where a monster appears , kill it , repeat until bored stiff.The last obstacle for most people is crossing into the land of Felucca -LRB- the game is divided into 4 worlds ... in Trammel , Malas and Ilshenear you can only play PvM -LRB- player vs monster -RRB- , but in Felucca , you can play PvP -LRB- player v player -RRB- to try and get some of the `` power scrolls '' which allow you to build your character stronger . Once in Felucca you are forced to deal with a force worse than griefers -LRB- PKers and Thieves -RRB- . These are other players who get their kicks out of killing your character and/or stealing your items . This latest expansion makes this problem even worse , taking away the few deterrents there were to this behavior.Unless you are willing to spend more money on a legal third party program -LRB- such as UO Assist -RRB- or are willing to risk your account by cheating , you will not be able to advance in the PvP world.After a few months you find yourself wondering why you are still playing and paying a monthly fee for it . You end up rationalizing that `` Well , I already put in all this money and time into the game , I might as well play some more . Each month you add another $ . . to the total `` invested '' in the game and feel as if quitting the game would be `` wasting '' all that time and money you put in . I 've spoken with many veteran players who never play the game anymore , but still pay their monthly fee because they feel canceling their account would be `` wasting '' all the time , money and effort they put in.The nature of the game is such that there is no ending ... no completion ... no feeling of actual accomplishment . You always feel as if you are reaching for a goal , but are not sure what that goal is or why you are reaching for it.Overall , if you are a fan of D&D ; and/or RPG games , this game will not keep you entertained very long and will ultimately leave you feeling as if you wasted tons of time and money .
 EA took a once great game and added 1000 's of bugs and hacks . Its the worse thing to happend to an online game .
 I was looking forward to the release of this game . Not too many fishing sims have need released lately . Trophy Bass 4 is four years old , and it plays better than this game . The fish graphics are jerky and the fins sometimes disappear when passing in front of a rock or weeds . The look of the game is beautiful , but the play leaves something to be desired . It looks like 2004 , but plays like 1999 . The lure selection is limited compared to other games . The only high points are the 360-degree lure cam , and the fact you can use live bait -LRB- something other games do not offer -RRB- .
 I was really looking forward to playing a more modern fishing simulator . My best one is several years old . This one did n't impress me at all . I tried hard to like it and use the different features.My biggest gripe is the `` lure-cam '' - The underwater camera 's field is too narrow - I ca n't see the fish ! ... - As a fisherman , I do n't want to manipulate the camera while teasing the fish - That 's to much to do.Even at the current low price , I ca n't recommend it . Sorry .
 I bought this game off the discount rack and could only play it for a little while unitl I got frustrated and quit . The graphics are poor and the boat gets stuck all the time . Half the time you make a cast and it says something about the fish was missed and ends the cast . I would not recommend this fishing game .
 i picked up this game in a hurry knowing it was in fisherman . i knew they would give you info . about the fish . and best of all you can catch catfish !!!!!! but this game is repetative . you can use a fish finder that doesnt help . what came up as a huge fish on the fish finder was the smallest -LRB- ... -RRB- crappie ive ever seen !!!!!!!!!! and the music !!!!!!! the music is what makes you angry in the morning . im like shut up . i know that you picked the first 3rd grade band you could find but at least dont tell us that . if you press mute you should have a good time w / the game 4 4 hours tops . fish realistike and lures are realistike but i do wish the graphics were better .
 I 've Enjoyed the past Army Men Games by 3D0 , The plot pits Green `` Americans '' against the evil `` Tan , '' who in the past have represented the Nazis and in this game represent Terrorists.The Game begins with a massive Terrorism Assault on the Green Nation . Sarge mutters , `` Look what they 've done to my City . `` Then the game continues with it 's simple plot of revenge . Destroying weapons of mass distruction . Simplistic , strait forward , however it concludes that `` Hell is for Heros , '' and that the only reason to go to war is Revenge.Not all war is simplistic , nor are all warriors simplistic . Most warriors that I have known believe in stopping evil in our time , they bleed and they die so our streets do n't run with blood , they also happen to be the kindest people you 'd ever want to meet . Skip this one and believe that Army Men can be heros in some place other than Hell .
 Postal 2 was an awesome game but by now ... it is really too late for an expansion pack ! The hunger for this game died over a year ago!I finished this expansion in under 4 hours . YIKES !!! $ 20 for a measely 4 hours . It has limited re-play value too ! Once you have played it , you have done it all . Postal 2 was fun to play again . AW is NOT !!! Why ? Because it is too linear ! Your enemy attacks are scripted . Basically , once you enter a certain section of the game , the attacks come . PREDICTABLE ! Once you play it , you know when the attacks are going to come by heart . No surprises , no shock or thrill , no point ! Just repetitive gameplay ! Stand here , shoot at enemy - wash , rinse , and repeat!The enemey AI is the same as Postal 2 . They are not intelligent or clever in tactics . They are just aggressive and attack in groups . Go slow , take your time , focus on killing one at a time then continue on and you can easily beat the game.There are numerous bugs and errors . You ca n't pee on your enemies . In Postal 2 you could . This is an admitted goof . They sent it off to manufacture before testing the most obvious things ! This tells me RWS really slipped up ! Your machine gun is still weak and inaccurate . The pistol is much more accurate and deadly , especially at long ranges ! How silly is that ? You get many General Protection Fault crashes and then have to restart the game . Sometimes I would load into a level only to fall through the floor of the level and die . No fix . I had to start the game from the beginning ! There are other glitches and oddities too.I am not the only one suffering from this . Check out the forums and you can see numerous complaints and RWS even acknowledges the screw ups . In their defense , these things happen and RWS will get a patch out I am sure.For the record , according to the moderators postings in their own forums , they admit that this game was designed for their own in-house play and fun . It was never meant to be released to the public . They loved it , thought the fans would like it and decided to release it to us . Fine . I am grateful . **** BUT ... you do n't take a half finished , poorly done product , send it off in a rush to manufacture and then charge your die hard fans $ 20 a pop without thoroughly testing it and polsihing it up first !!!!!!! By now , we should have been looking forward to or playing Postal 3 ... not a crappy expansion pack.You get some new missions and some new weapons ... big deal ! The graphics are still outdated and tinny.The game is now linear and very predictable ! In Postal 2 you could go everywhere , explore and terrorize . In Apocalypse Weekend , you basically have nothing to do but go on to the next mission.Save your $ 20 and use it towards the purchase of GTA
 EGAMES PUZZLE MASTER 1I purchased this egame and I am sorry to say that I can not download it because I have windows XP . I wish it had been noted that it works only on windows 95/98 / ME BEFORE I ordered it.Hope this note will be helpful to others .
 Some very good players have lent their names to this game , and I am disappointed they did , because I might not have bought it otherwise.The 2D graphics between games are rather ugly , and the 3D graphics move very stiffly , and seeing we are only playing poker , its not like a superhuman range of movement needs be programed into the game.But my biggest disappointment was with the play , and thats the heart of any game no ? In a 90 minute 5 card draw session , I lost at least 4 times , and observed two other computer players loosing too `` Aces Full '' Perhaps the program was simulating someone cheating . Certainly by the 3rd Appearance I would have walked away from any real table . Statistically the odds of Aces Full comig up legitimately 3 times in a 90 minute session have to be in the Millions to one . So I cant help but wonder if the program is not tweaked to up the number of premium hands , and that is a huge turn off for me as a player . I enjoy playing in a Casino -LRB- small stakes . -RRB- and when I cant play there , cyber poker is a nice alternative , but not if the game is not absolutely straight up , and I cant help but wonder if this program is absolutely straight up after a few sessions with it . Im not saying its cheating , but I am saying , I cant say for sure that its not .
 Like the other poster here , I too like to play live poker in the casino or with a group of friends . That is n't always feasible however and I agree that `` virtual poker '' can be a nice alternative . Unfortunately , this game does n't deliver . The only reason the game received 2 stars from me is for the online play , which is almost impossible to come by . Typically on a weeknight , you might see somewhere between 4-10 players online . That 's it . The career mode is a joke . There are various tourneys to enter each week as you simulate the life of a poker pro . That alone is n't bad , but the play is horrendous . The first major problem is the strength of hands -LRB- as mentioned before -RRB- . After a couple of hours of frustrating play -LRB- getting busted out by an endless run of quads , boats , and trips -RRB- , I decided to enter a tourney and fold the majority of the time to get a feel for what it takes to win in this game . Only 14 of the 102 hands I saw were laid down before the river . Here 's the crazy part though -LRB- again , I only saw 102 hands -RRB- ... 22 trips , 18 boats , 14 straights , 11 flushes , 10 two pair , 7 quads , 4 pairs , and 2 high card . Almost 25 % of the time -LRB- only the hands I saw ... there may have been a few in the aforementioned 14 laydowns -RRB- a quad or boat comes up ... insane . 72 of the 102 hands are considered premium ... there 's no way that it should take a straight or better to win 70 % of the time . The second major flaw is the amount of time one of the computer players goes `` all in . '' For as much as poker pros complain about amateurs going all in , you 'd think that they 'd make it a rare occurance in this game . The luck on the computer 's side is ridiculous as well . I ca n't tell you how many times I 've called an all in bet holding AK or a pair of 10 's or better and ended up against something like Q5 off suit . Almost every time I 've been all in pre-flop and have been close to a 2-1 favorite , I lose . The computer will end up catching 4 on the board for a flush or a straight , trip up , quad up , or somehow make a boat . The frustrating thing is that they have no business being in the hand in the first place ! So , in the end , it 's virtually impossible to win a tourney -LRB- or even place in the money -RRB- as they typically begin with somewhere between 150-200 players.To sum it up ... do n't even think about wasting your money buying this game . You should n't even waste $ 4 / $ 5 renting it .
 This game is way too old school all the way around and I wish I would have spent more money and bought a newer more up to date game .
 worse poker game ever invented ... cant believe I paid good money for this piece of crap.you would think that a well respected poker pro like howard lederer would have told the makers ... `` Seriously , this game sucks '' DONT EVER BUY THIS GAME ... EVER !!!!!!
 Medieval Conquest is a game that was designed for the bargain bin . Everything about it is shallow or mediocre or worse . There 's a reason why its price started at $ 20 and is now already down to $ 10 . Avoid this game and play Majesty instead .
 I got this for my traveling in Afghanistan . I have tried everything I can think of to make this thing work . No luck !
 My wife owns all of the casino disks you can basically buy . She loves the slot machine games from Phantom EFX but according to her this game disk is dated in the style and types of the slots . When compared to the newer versions of the slot machine disk out now there is no comparison and in her words , `` This disk was boring . '' Most of the new disks offer video graphic slots and cute bonus rounds with animation . This disk was released in 2004 and so it is almost 8 years old.She told me that she did n't even finish playing all the machines on this disk . She recommends that you look at the other slot machine disks from Phantom EFX .
 I carefully read all of the reviews and bought this game . When I installed it , I played it for a while and it was okay - not wonderful . But when I tried to play it the next day , it woul n't work without the CD being inserted into the drive . This is not acceptable.If I knew it needed the CD , I would not have bought it.Also , although it said it was new , it looks like it was n't - there were no papers in the box , just a tiny slip of paper telling you how to load it . Commercial games come with papers , even ads for other games .
 I got this game along with the `` Buccaneer 's Bounty '' pack , which I bought mostly for the Patrician 3 game I read reviews of beforehand -LRB- and which I still am intrigued in and playing -RRB- . I tried PR2 and it started good , very similar to Patrician 3 but in the Caribbean . I liked the much vaster array of ships to choose from.But I quickly lost interest in the game . Why ? It does n't even make half an attempt to be historically inaccurate , and that to me is a huge deal-killer in games like this . I started playing the Maracaibo tutorial and learned the basics of the game , then tried a single player campaign . It started off well , but then I started sailing around finding cities EVERYWHERE.I thought there might be one or two isolated Dutch settlements in the northeast islands , but there was a settlement on almost every single island , if not every island . The islands further south were riddled with English settlements , the Florida coast was chock full of French settlements , and the Gulf of Mexico coast had a Spanish settlement every couple squares . Well that might make for more engrossing gameplay with so many cities , but as far as historical accuracy goes , it might as well have been on the moon.In the year I played -LRB- I think it was around 1585 -RRB- , historically there were actually ZERO Dutch , ZERO English , and ZERO French settlements in the Caribbean , and you can bet the modern-day Southern U.S. coast was not colonized , except for perhaps one or two tiny settlements . The truth of the matter is that at this point in history , the Caribbean was a Spanish lake . I could understand maybe one or two isolated French/Dutch/English settlements to get the game going for the other countries , but it was big-time overkill seeing the entire map already completely colonized.This huge disservice to historical accuracy made me lose interest in the game on the first session . If you appreciate games for the historical side , I do not recommend Port Royale 2 .
 Much is left out of this game that could have made it a GREAT GAME , BUT the developerstook the CHEAP route and loaded it with an ACCOUNTING program that makes it boring , with low replay.Pros ... . nice graphics , intricate chart of the Caribbean.Neg ... . The program does n't let you relax , you are always trying to keep ahead ofthe enormous expenses throw at you.Your wife is of little use , and is made out to be a SHREW , instead of adependable life partner.The Pirate element is weak , could have been much more realistic.You can not spend money for a house , or clothes etc , just property / businesses .
 After various attempts to make Port Royale 2 work on my brand new Dell computer I still have had no success ! I have contacted the manufacturer who has given me several suggestions and I have tried them all . I will never order another product from them until they fix this problem .
 A game dealing with sailing ships that does not bother with wind is like an airplane simulator that does n't bother with gravity.Nothing but a cheesy trading game in sailor drag .
 I have a lot of Bible and related software , I mean a lot ! I am very studied and am a computer nut , so I am in a good position to review this software.I bought it , because it was the least expensive source I could find for for certain documents in it , but I the interface is not natural or friendly , hardly a joy to use . If this was my only software , it might be o.k. as I would have spent enough hours on it to be used to how it operates , and memorizes commands and procedures.If you have no need to be efficient , this might beo.k. , but it would not be my first choice , by any means . I have 5 Bible suites , and in my experience , you get what you pay for . I did not pay much for this .
 I had version 4 of this program on my XP computer and it worked wonderfully - will not install on Windows 7 Home Premium . So , I upgraded to version 6 - Again , will not install on Windows 7 Home Premium . Money down the drain as far as this computer is concerned .
 This product is actually a newer generation of one that I already had . But , I do n't remember reading that this productwas n't going to work well with my Vista 64-bit PC . So , instead of being able to install it where I needed it , I had togo install it over my older version on my old laptop with XP and 34 bit . I 'd like to say I am able to utilize all the allegedbells and whistles , but I do n't think I can . However , in it 's defense , it does give me a different selection of font sizeswhich are nice to change when ` editing ' Christian literature and having to look up verses . So , I have limited happiness aboutthe product since I still do n't have a version for my PC . The product did come ` pristine ' in unopened cellophane wrapper . And , was sent very quickly . No complaints there .
 TO begin it does not run in Windows 8 . So i cleaned up an PC to install it on . After installation I found that most of what I wanted was not on the CD it then directed you to spend an additional $ 49.95 to get other reference books . The word Ultra is very misleading .
 This Thrustmaster Run 'N' Drive Wireless 3 in 1 is the biggest Piece of S ___ that I have ever used on the PS3 or the PC . The first time that I used it BOTH thumb controller pads came off during game play . I super glued them back on and that lasted for about 3 days . They continue to come off even after repeated gluing . Also , the force feedback never worked on any game . I will pay extra for the Sony controllers from now on .
 This controller works ok , the throw on the triggers is still to short and not adjustable to make delicate throttle and brake adjustments during driving , the triggers might as well be digital . The little thumb wheel once calibrated was ok . I ca n't recommend . No where as good as the UltraRacer for the PS1.Playstation UltraRacer Handheld Controller
 Pros : ** it comes with a small disc for drivers for the pc -LRB- site has new ones for 11/2008 -RRB- ** it works with vista -LRB- NFS Most Watned -RRB- ** it worked for the ps2 w/burnout dominate ** can be mapped using xpadder for flash games that use the keyboard only ** optical controller has normal & high sensitivity & nice to see car move like real rather then jerky joystick movementsCons ** did n't work/no led on ps2 until plugged it into pc -LRB- though did n't have to install drivers ** even with my small hands , I felt a bit of a cramping pretty fast , using the optical hurt even after only a few minutes ** 4 buttons on the right are hard plastic & make a loud clicking noise ** joysticks feel spongy & not precise ** optical is way too tight , so spring-loaded , you can use it as a high velocity sling shot ** VERY poor placement of optical control , you ca n't use the trigger/shoulder buttons with their nice soft feel & ability to use like real pedals ** on the pc , the trigger/shoulder buttons only act like up/down axis , not buttons ** tabs on optical feel weird way to control better mod on youtube
 I did n't have much fun with this controller for several reasons . 1 -RRB- It 's small and accommodating my big hands into this controller is just impossible . 2 -RRB- Some of the capabilities of the controller is just too difficult to use . 3 -RRB- The D-pad and the analogs are hard to adjust to . In some games , they are too sensitive , while non-responsive with my other games . Recommend getting the controllers offered by Alienware .
 Thumb joysticks weak . crack and keep falling off.PS2 / PS3/PC Run N Drive 3-in-1 Rumble Force 7-Axis Gamepad
 I bought this gamepad to use with Madden '08 for PC , but EA 's software does n't recognize the right stick , which you need for kicking , etc. . I like the physical configuration of the buttons , and can see how awesome it would be IF IT WORKED with the game -- very frustrating . Despite the flexibility with configuration that Thrustmaster provides , there is no way -LRB- that I 've been able to find -RRB- to redefine the right stick to work with this game . Perhaps EA will make the '09 version compatible , because they have coordinated with Thrustmaster in the past . On the other hand , EA does n't tend to fix software problems very quickly ... I 'd love to know from other folks which games DO work well with this controller on a PC .
 THIS CONTROLLER DID NOT WORK WITH MY COMPUTER . MAY OR MAY NOT HAVE BEEN MY FAULT . IT JUST WOULD NOT WORK .
 after having played other sims games for both gameboy advance and nintendo ds , i must saying this game was rather disappointing and slow . gave up because of lack of interest .
 I got this game from my aunt for Christmas . I played for a while , soon to discover that it was hard and confusing . I think the time passes to quickly ! I mean , I just told my sim to use the shower , and about five minutes later our time , a notice said , `` Is that smell you ? '' . I do n't have time to let my sim shower every few sim hours . I need to treat my patient . And why would anyone want to fastforward the time in the game ? It was hard for me to walk around in my house or whatever too . Just thought I would share my opinion with anyone.Read my other reviews , `` Give Dogz a chance '' and `` Nintendogs is an awesome game '' .
 Like other reviews posted both my husband and I are fans of the Sims PC games . So we figured that our 10 year old daughter would love this game . We were wrong . After tring to play the game ourselfs we found it to be borning and quite hard to grasp onto the concept of the game , esp for a younger child . I would not recommend .
 I gave this game 2 stars for the fun aspect . I had creating my sim , picking a pet , and being able to cook different foods using different combinations of available ingredients . But overall I have to give it one star for several reasons : First are the bugs that are n't completely worked out , the music will go silent frequently then randomly turn on again , and as someone else mentioned , it sometimes freezes.The second reason is that the game controls are n't very good . You find yourself having to cancel lots of directions you give your sim because when you tapped on an object or more frequently a customer , just tapping on the DS screen once will bring up the interaction options and then select whatever interaction was underneath the area you tapped . You could unintentionally argue with your clients -LRB- why would you do that to someone you just met anyway ? -RRB- I also have a big problem with the fact that everytime you finish with an animal at one of the stations -LRB- i.e. the grooming station , the training area , the bath , or the diagnosis table -RRB- the animal is put away and you have to go open the kennel and retrieve the animal again . It 's also an incredible hassle to search through your item inventory . The inventory list shows only 4 items per screen -LRB- not with pics , with words -RRB- and there is no method to the madness . Your food is mixed with your pet supplies and your toys and your furniture and the pet decorations and your recipes and if that 's not cluttered enough , your houses land is listen on there , as well as your pet if you put it in the storage bin too . -LRB- Poor neglected Spot -RRB- . Despite all of this I think the games biggest flaw is the poor playability . I something that makes a game great is that you can play it over and over again and it 's always at least somewhat entertaining even if it is n't constantly dynamic . I 've played for a total of about 5 hours which is about a calendar month in Sims world . Thus far I 've only treated about 18 animals and all of them have either had worms , fleas , or the flu . Each animal has to be treated at least three times -LRB- once per Sim day for three days -RRB- and for some reason this is the case even if you buy the more expensive Super flea shampoo or more expensive worm medicine . It got very repetitive , very quickly and even though I was finally able to save enough scratch to increase the volume of my business , I found myself asking . . `` Why ? '' The customers came in droves as with them the endless stream of familiar and monotonous tasks.I was quite disappointed with this game because I 've always been so satisfied with the all of the Sims line of games so far . If you really feel you MUST play this game , I highly recommend renting a copy first .
 It 's true that this game is fun at first , but after a while it 's very boring . I stopped playing it the second day . All you really do in this game is heal pets . Patients are constantly coming to your house and you have little time to get your needs up . I reccommend the regular Sims 2 DS game.Fun - 4/10Sound - 6/10Graphics - 2/10Overall - 3/10
 I was intrigued by the veterinary practice concept , but I was expecting it to be more like Trauma Center
 Unless you 've played the Sims before and know/like the series then this game will probably be great to you . But to someone who 's never played Sims before you 'll find this game horrible . The graphics are horrendous and the gameplay just is n't what I expected . The packaging can be misleading cuz by reading the back of it ... it seemed like a fun game to be a vet and care for the pets but I was more spending time going to the shower and restroom for my Sims than doing anything else . Wish I could return it cuz it 's a terrible game .
 I do n't think this game is fun at all . You ca n't take your pets for a walk all you can do is train them and be a vet . very boring I would not buy this it is not fun like other sims games .
 You got to be kidding me I 'm 12 and this game is probally the most boring game i have pllayed in my LIFE . the graphics are crap . The game sucks & & is overlly repetitive i hate it !! DO N'T buy it !
 I am a big fan of the Sims , and have been since the first hit the shelves . Due to past experience , I thought I would love the new game . However , I found i was immeadiately diasppointed.It starts with you as a veternarian . It ends ... it never ends . And you are still a vet . You get to make your own pet , sure , but it does n't do anything . You treat patients , sleep , use the restroom , cook eggs , treat patients , get new patients -LRB- with the same problems -RRB- , ... and so it continues.The two biggest disappointments were
 It was fun for a bit but then it got boring very fast . I would not sugest getting this game .
 Let 's get down to the bottom of this . This game , is one of the WORST sims games that I have played . This is also the FIRST sims game that I have played as well . This is not at all related to the Sims 2 Pets for the PC , this is a hideous hybrid that has crept out of the dungeon depths of beta-testing . You start off with a squarish-ugly thing that 's suppose to be a pet or a cat . You see whats wrong with it and fix it , get money from the customer , then attend to yourself . Your suppose to be a `` vet '' . First off , time passes WAY too fast in this game . By the time you 've feed yourself you 'll have to run to take care of the other pets or use the bathroom before its too late . Doing this over , and over is so boring its petty . While other sims games have an automatic feature in which , when their hungry they will fix themselves something , this one does n't . Your sim is so dumb that if it needs to use the bathroom , it 'll stand there until it releases upon itself . It 'll also stand and starve itself and others.Lack of living.Seriously , your sims world exist on taking money from customers , running up quickly to customers in your shop and talking to them , occasionally going to the park to get other customers , then sitting on the computer ordering food and products for yourself . That is what your sim does . There is no romance , no dating , no nothing . Just seeing what 's wrong as this whinny square-looking animal thing drags its lower half on the table or limps around unrealistically . Gee . You dress it with some crappy clothes , teach it some tricks in which its already unporportioned body stands up and dances around to a very , very cheesey song . Friends ? What friends ? You have none . Your sims life is based on ordering from a computer to buy food and products . That is your only friend . A cold-clunky machine . But if your really , really bored you can `` mix '' these animals to produce more `` hybrids '' . That 's right , change the coat into two-toned colors , half of the animal can be white and the other half completely black -LRB- and have an obvious change of color `` line '' down the middle of the animal -RRB- . Make its head bigger than its body or smaller than its neck . Make it skinny , make it fat . Make it stringy-looking . This is a creation that not even Frankenstein would approve of . It just sucks that badly graphically . These animals do little to nothing except whine about their injuries . All you 'll ever do is try to hear its heartbeat , if its not sliding around on the floor , or examine its bones with the x-ray , if it 's not wiggling around either . Then bath it because its dirty or has fleas . Or feed it medication because it has a cold . I 'd rather play Nintendogs or Trauma Center than this poor excuse of a game.There 's no places to go other than the park located outside of your house . That 's it , build a swing set or two or even put in more trees and fountains but that 's all your going to really do here . But you wo n't really be able to do that too much . Cus you 'll be running back inside of the house to use the bathroom or eat while in the middle of a conversation or risk starving/releasing on yourself in public . Do n't forget to feed em critters too or the owners will be hopping mad and spread rumors so no one can visit you.The cooking mini-game , why does it even exist ? At first it seems fun but after awhile it gets very , very annoying . More ingredients means trickery cooking times . Your literally cooking from when the lights flash on the oven . So if your even a second off , your food will taste bad !!! That means no health bonuses . -LSB- ... -RSB- . This game had the potential of being something good but it gutted the basic sim game elements that makes a sims game , a sims game and refused to elaborate on that . It seems rushed and it plays rushed .
 I like making the pets , but there 's not much to the game . You 'll get bored real fast .
 I am a die-hard Sims 2 -LRB- PC -RRB- fan and also love Animal Crossing for the DS , so I thought I would like this . Unfortunately , I have found it to be extremely boring and repetitive . There 's no sense of working towards a worthwhile goal in the game , the tasks are boring -LRB- curing pets of the flu , fleas , worms , dressing them in inane costumes -RRB- . The creativity of the PC Sims game is completely missing -LRB- after you create your doctor and choose your pet -RRB- . As another reviewer noted , cooking can be amusing . It 's kind of like Cookin ' Mama . Otherwise , it became so tedious that by the second day of owning the game , I stopped playing . The time passage is also problematic as you are forced to sleep when the clinic closes so there 's no development of your sim or relationships . I would only recommend this game to someone who loves animals and would like to care for virtual pets .
 My dayughter , who loves our ` Sims ' for computer game - got this for Christmas and by the end of the week she was bored ... I do n't think she even played it once in January ... Wish I would have gotten her a different game.Don ' t waste your money !
 I had high hopes for this game , being a die hard sims fan . I was hugly disapponited . It was a little complicated to pick up how to cook , and how to place new furniture -LRB- I still have n't figured that out -RRB- You sim gets tired after about 2 clients , and you can only hold 3 pets -LRB- including your Own -RRB- at once . this limits the game alot . your sim is usuallty to tired to do anything with the pets , and it gets really repeditive . I would n't recomend buying it , but if you really wan na try it , borrow it from a friend .
 I LOVED THE SIMS 2 ON DS , AND HAD HIGH HOPES 4 THIS GAME.WHEN I GOT IT , I WAS VERY DEPREASED.NOT ONLY , DID I FIND IT BORING BUT , HARD TO FIGURE OUT THE CONTROLS.AFTER 30 MINUTES OF GAMEPLAY I QUIT .
 Sims 2 Pets is the worst game ever . When your person gets hungry , and you do n't have food , then you go shopping . But it says you have to get food by trading it with other people who also have the game . But if no one else has the game , then you ca n't get food . Then you starve . It 's the most boring game ever .
 ok let me start by saying you need at least $ 200 to shell out if you want to use these cards . you need to buy 2 gameboy advance -LRB- sp if desiresd -RRB- , super mario 3 for gameboy advance , an e-reader , a gameboy sp link cable and this pack of cards of corce . why would nintend make it such a hassle to buy all of this wen they could of easaly made all these features avalable on the game ? They wont people to shell out all the money they can to make their game a bit better . If you have all these items id buy if if you dont id forget all about it . i was gon na buy it till i found out evry thing i needed . The hassle of haveing two gameboys on your lap swiping cards to wach some guy at nintendo play a level , or to cheat is just not worth it . If you wan na cheat do your self a favor and buy GameShark SP -LRB- on ebgames.com $ 20 , not on amazon -RRB- , or GameBoy Advance Action Replay -LRB- $ 20 -RRB- .
 ... I spent half an hour on this game before getting bored out of my mind then another painstaking half hour TRYING to enjoy it but it was a lost cause -LRB- Was that a pun ? -RRB- . This game could have simply been GTA with a little twist and it probably would have been a top seller but instead it fails miserably.The enviroment may be huge but it ALL LOOKS THE SAME ! The gameplay is unchallenging and there appears to be no enemy AI at all . All in all the whole thing becomes repetitive to the point where you no longer care about the story line or the character , or what the hell you 're supposed to be doing . I hate to be blowing a trumpet for GTA San Andreas , but at least I got to know my way around that game without a map because there was enviromental change between cities and an engrossing storyline . Oh and you could jump out of planes in that game too !
 I bought this game for 22 bucks plus tax and now I feel like I was ripped off . I played the game for maybe about an hour and have never picked it back up . I 'm a little disappointed . It 's like a crappy , blurry version of GTA , except in the bahamas.Lots of cool stuff to ride on . But it does n't seem like you could ever die . It feels like the game is made for a little kid . The aiming is pretty much done for you , yet the ability to drive just plain sucks.Not even worth stealing .
 This game seemed like it would be awsome but I found it difficult to control , lacking in story and just kind of annoying to watch . I think that fans of the GTA format of games might like it but it has less story and activitys then even the first GTA for playstation . However I am not the best to judge this game since I am more a fan of KOTOR and Oblivion RPG style games then the GTA format
 I understand that this game has really good graphics and a huge world , but this game just plain sucks . The storyline is not enticing ... I found myself doing the same this over and over and over again . How friggin ' boring !! The world is huge , but it all looks the friggin ' same ! The creators of this game really could have done a better job . I truly recommend that you do not buy this game ... it sucks .
 I 've come to a conclusion about Just Cause-They decided that they 're going to make everything so massive that people wo n't notice the little things . There is an array of tanks to choose from , not to mention a huge amount of cars , planes , helicopters , boats , spanning the spectrum of each type of vehicle . Yet when you crash these , with exceptions of mid-air collisions , it does n't feel real at all . That 's not to mention that the map may be huge , but it might as well be exactly the same . I read in a magazine that if the map for Just Cause were the size of your hand , the map of San Andreas would be the size of your thumbnail , but the map for San Andreas is loaded with so many more goodies than this map , which is a few large cities which are completely un-interactive , LOTS of forest and the occasional rural village which , unsurprisingly , looked just like the last one and the people are exactly the same ! Coincidence ? I think not.Now , there are some redeeming features to the game . First of all , something which I have seen no game do with the exception of racing games themselves , is that Just Cause shows a difference between torque and horsepower . The Vampire will go up a hill the Fukada Tournament ca n't but conversely can not go as fast in a straight line . This would , of course , be more beneficial if I still wanted to play the game.Another bright spot was the ability to do stunts , though you 'll quickly learn they are n't particularly exhilarating after a while and that they become more useful as a quicker means of transportation.Then there is something which really killed me about this game , which I think the developers were both conscious of and were aware of just how obnoxious it was , which was the Americanism-the way one suave Latino man dressed in all black , with the help of an army clad woman who 's always in a bathing suit and his boss dressed in a Hawaiian shirt can topple a dictatorship . Not to mention , the United States took it upon themselves to do so . Oh , and they decided to destroy ANYTHING that stood in there way . But that 's not enough , they had to cause a thermonuclear meltdown on one of the Islands . Great.So maybe its just me , and this game has its value in the area of cheap thrills , but call me stupid , I would n't buy this again given the opportunity to make that choice again .
 This game is perhaps the worst video game i have played in a long time . If you are interested in this type of gameplay definitely stick with GTA or fallout.Pros : Nice graphicsCons : Bad musicBad controlsNot realistic -LRB- Parachuting off of car roofs -RRB- environment is unplayable despite it being a huge map -LRB- you have to stick close to the roads -RRB- gets boring fastNot fun after 20 minutes , the first 10 minutes were pretty fun
 Just Cause is a GTA-ish type game that is not as good as GTA . I found the game to be a little monotonous and frequently glitchy . There are some cool features in the game such as parachuting and flying a good variety of different planes , and the explorable area in this game is HUGE . To be honest though , I found myself playing it through just to finish it , even though I was n't always having fun while doing it . If you can get it for under 15 dollars you may be satisfied with your purchase .
 The product I bought was a complete waste of money . the game starts off working fine in the tutorial . But on the first assignment , the equipment fails to function locking the game up .
 It is a total waste of money . The design of this game is very bad . Poor graphics make it hard to find evidences . Navigation is difficult . The cases are not interesting at all . This is one of the worst Xbox 360 games I ever have .
 This game was so bad !! I have played some stinkers , but this one takes the cake . I guess I 'm the only one who found it odd that a blind woman was doing a crossword puzzle ? Do n't waste your money or time on this one . The fact that it only has 5 achievements should have been a tip off . They give you 200 points per case just for getting through it .
 Fan of the series , but linear storyline presents no challenge.Would really benefit from a `` free motion '' environment , like Oblivion , or just about any other game out there , today . You feel confined within a very small part of your `` scene '' and checkboxes to confirm you 've done all you can do in each area kinda takes away the mystery.Entertaining -LRB- somewhat -RRB- , and a time burner , but very little satisfaction .
 ... wow um this game , well how do i put this ... oh yes sucked . I beat career mode in 4 hours . noting cool a huge let down . it copied fast and furious Tokyo Drift . cars were a real disappointment . the controls confused the heck out of me , and why on earth did they get rid of the look back control ??? very poor quality
 All I have to say is Uugghh ! This game is not what I imagined . If you want a NFS game , buy Most Wanted , not this one . This game did n't have much effort put into it . The graphics are horrible , and most every turn looks the same . The story is mediocre , but most everything else is Uugghh ! :-LRB- NFS creators put hardly any effort into this one . Once again , get NFS
 There is simply no driver for this adapter to connect to an access point with WPA2 turn on . If you are only connecting with WEP it 's OK . You get what you paid for . ---------- As FilG pointed out the manufacturer does noted that this device is only `` Hardware-based 40/64-bit & 128-bit WEP encryption '' . Add back 2 stars to this rating .
 I could never get this to work . I just gave up , now use a different product that worked right away .
 I have rarely , if ever , played a first-person shooter this bug-ridden , and that 's too bad since the actual gameplay , while it 's nothing original , is pretty good -LRB- even if the plot is seriously lacking -RRB- . But you can only find so much enjoyment from a game that kicks you to your desktop whenever it feels the urge , or forces you to endure horrendous scenery glitches . What could have been one of the year 's sleeper hits in the genre is wounded by its own severe lack of polish , despite all its beautiful graphics , realistic physics , and its awesome assortment of weapons . Out of the box , `` Devastation '' is devastating , and you , as a gamer , should never have to pay to beta test . Wait for the next genre offering to come along instead - there are plenty looming on the horizon .
 This game is really bad , extremely buggy , and a complete rip-off of 3 games
 I had high hopes for this game . It is a good idea with a very bad implementation . It is one of the buggiest shooters I 've ever seen . You are basically paying to beta test this game . Even after the official retail patch , it still crashes and bullets never connect with opponents . If the store I bought it from would take the return of this game , I would return it . Do n't be stuck like me . Skip it .
 There seem to be so many bugs in multiplayer , random items floating in the air , strips of ammo floating in the air , randomly moving an object that is no where near you , shooting a gun even though nothing is coming out -LRB- such as , you 'll have reloaded your gun and then suddenly you ca n't shoot it anymore -RRB- , let 's see ... team switches/scores are occasionally screwed up , sounds are poor , BUT , Graphics are pretty nice due to UT2 , and it 's an overall fun game even with so many bugs . However , I have noticed this game seems like 3 other games
 This game is terrible . The sound is bad , the character models are graphically 5 years out of date , and the voice acting is bad even for a video game ! Other than the bad models , the rest of the graphics are very nice -LRB- thanks to the Unreal 2 engine -RRB- but this does n't save an otherwise sorry game .
 i got what i order the way they said would come . no complaints will purchase from them again and recommend to others . keep up good work.product description kinda over hypes game but was worth the money i spent
 I dont know how the game was because i never got it and nobody did anything about it , market seller 's rules DO NOT BUY
 This game is very buggy . I bought it and it is slow and the physics , while cool are pretty unrealistic . This should have been a budget title - it is not worth the $ $ $ .
 Devastation is your basic run of the mill fps ... the graphic are good but could be a bit more polished . and the game could get a decent score but the ai has many problems . many . the enemy ai is insulting the ai will do dumb thing like ... wait for you to reload behind a corner ... Guard corners ... and my favorite walk right into you crosshairs . and you have team mebers to `` help you '' the game htat could be a decent run and gun now is an escort mission . the ai the enemy are grace with is also in your teammates . if your teamate dies you have to do the mission over again and you do that alot because your team is sucidel . save your money and buy another fps like unreal
 First of all , forget what anyone else says . This is a terrible game . The enemies and squadmates are total idiots ! The graphics look terrible .
 Music overshadows narator . Graphics and games not near as advanced as they could be . I like useful learning interactive activities for kids and this does not fit any of those .
 We found that this software displays letters and numbers but the program does nothing to TEACH them.In the preschool CD , `` Ducky 's Leafdrop '' is the only remotely educational game . It has your child matching the number of leaves dropped to a written number on the back of a creature . However , it is difficult to move the leaves with the mouse to match them . Another game has little foot coasting through the water and needing to catch the letter in the water to match the one displayed on top of the screen . After each correct catch , the next letter much be caught . It misses an opportunity to teach by never saying the letter 's name.The `` bonus '' CD has script errors ; the preschool CD is done is 32 bit color and it wipes out my PC wallpaper so that after playing , it is completely white and I have to log off and on again to get my correct background . The kindergarten CD has no installation program so it does get added to your startup menu or create an icon.In the pinball game , the ball actually got `` stuck , '' the way it might on a real game but here we could n't shake the machine like you would at an arcade . We had to exit and start over . The program is n't fully functional in Windows XP
 We bought this game for our 41/2 year old since it had 3 discs for a variety of ages . It is horrible -- the graphics are terrible , Sera and the `` announcer '' for the game speak at the same time so the child ca n't tell who to listen to . With one of the games , where you had to sort out where creatures lived , you could click the shark into the water spot 4 times and it would n't take , then on the 5th try it would . Very frustrating . After breaking down in tears 3 times -LRB- That would be mother and child ! -RRB- , we decided to put this game away -- forever !
 A waste of time and money.Poorly animated.Not appropriate for the targeted age . Buttons to advance pages are not highlighted . It 's not clear when an activity ends or how to advance to the next page.The story writing activity is horrendous , incoherent , and filled with non-sequitors . The premade stories illustrate this perfectly.The pinball game is too hard and has no educational value.The card writing activity is too limited , and again not clear how to advance through the different steps . The shape matching activity is noisy , gives insufficient reward for completing the task and does n't indicate clearly when the child has completed all the tasks . The music activity is confusing , insufficiently interactive , although the music itself is high quality . Overall , this software has a few good ideas , but some are just plain bad and boring . It also suffers from poor execution and obviously insufficient play testing . The Jumpstart programs are a little better .
 I ca n't explain why it happened , but the bottom line is that this cable never worked for me , although Amazon sent me a second cable after I asked them if it fits my PAL Wii.My question to the provider was not answered , so I had to return both cables .
 I was extremely disappointed to discover that these are not full applications but demos . I can find demos free on the Internet . There is no reason to pay for them .
 Based on 40 gig system.Does not fit or even function with temp sensor location . May even cause incorrect cooling of system . As designed attempts to draw air from inside PS3 , where it fits is an intake not exhaust on 40 gig sys. . Had to modify Cooler even to get it to set anywhere near enough to function . Disassembled Cooler , relocated temp sensor and reversed fan directions to pump additional air into intake . Seemed to help somewhat -LRB- more exhaust air flow -RRB- but then was so noisy as to be distracting . Unit will either be on Ebay or disassembled for parts.Cost of learning experience ... $ 27.00 , Value of listening to Amazon reviewers ... . Priceless !!
 This purchase was a total waste of my money and time . It did NOT say it wasnt compatible with a 40G playstation , neither in the description , nor in the pictures , or even on the box once I received it ! And better yet , if I am to return it I have to pay approximately $ 10 for shipping AND the restocking fee . Like I said , total waste of money and time for me . Oh , and I received it on one of the last expected shipping dates . yay .
 This cooler does not fit on PS3 40 gb version . Sellers must specify that . I bought one and it does not fit on my PS3 .
 I quite playing this game when I realized I had run up against a glitch in the game that made it unwinnable . I also got sick of the random illogical puzzle . Save your money and just read the walk throughs . They are more fun than the actual game !
 I wanted to like this game , the story line is decent and the graphics are good but navigating the screens is painful . They have taken what could have been a good game and ruined it by not paying attention to some basic navigation problems . The cursor indicates that you can move in a direction by showing shoe prints when you hold the cursor over a hot spot . But in this game the hot spots are tiny or in a lot of cases missing . This makes something that should be simple , moving around the screens , very frustrating . In one screen after 5 minutes of searching I could n't find any hot spots that would allow me to move forward into the market area , even though it was evident that it was where I needed to go . So I gave up and started randomly clicking in the screen , which eventually allowed me to move forward , but again , no hot spots to indicate where I could move to from that position . So more random clicking to try to get to one of the booths in the market . After having to do this to move several times the screen finally changed to show the market from a different angle and at that point I had navigational hot spots again . The tiny hot spots also caused a problem with figuring out what items I was supposed to pick up or look at . It caused me to miss several items in certain screens . And in a few cases the hot spot was completely off the item altogether , causing some confusion as to which item I was to pick up or look at . Another annoying problem was that often my character would stand right in front of what I needed to look at or touch . So I had to keep clicking the screen around her to try to move her out of the way in order to get to the item in question . So unless you have an infinite amount of time and patience , try some other game .
 I love adventure games like Syberia , The Longest Journey , Aura , Return to Mysterious Island , etc. ... and had thought this game would be close in perspective . Actually , the story line is good , the graphics ok , the scenery and music alright ... but this game has so many BUGS , HOT SPOT errors , and programming problems that it makes it extremely aggravating to play . It 's a true shame because the game had promising appeal , some fun characters , and a nice feel to it overall . Still , this game will leave you plundering so many times , that you 'll have to use constant hints or walk throughs to find out why you seem stuck . Most of the time , it 's because you can not navigate to find something , or have n't found a hot spot that is n't indicated at all -LRB- it was left out of the programming -RRB- . For example , to get to the Pharmacy , you have to go off to the left side of the screen in order to move right , and it may flash to the pharmacy or may not sometimes . Also , the hardest puzzle is the totem pole sound puzzle , because if you make ANY error , the game does not reset . So this game has to be saved prior to that puzzle even being started . There are other buggy things , like near the end when you 're supposed to have a certain item and you actually have it but it 's not seen until you speak with a character that has nothing to do with that item at all . All in all , it 's a shame the game was not tested thoroughly before dispersing to the public . If they had made the fixes , it would have been a great game and possibly rated between 8.5 and 7.5 . Right now , it 's a low rating at 3 just because of the errors .
 I am a big adventure game fan - thought this one might be along the lines of Syberia - WRONG ! This game had an interesting premise but was absolutely painful to play even when consulting a walkthrough every other minute . The character was hard to navigate , the puzzles completely non-intuitive -LRB- who would think to get rid of a t-rex , you had to mix a leaf , twine , paint , and blackened pear to make fireworks which then you had to launch out of a hollow log ??? -RRB- AHHHHHHH ! Also because of the super rigid gameplay , you would be unable to do one thing without completing some other menial task , so you would be hunting like crazy for the one little thing you did n't do - and this is after following the walkthrough verbatim . Please play only in the event of a pandemic and you are trapped in your house for weeks and have no other means of entertainment .
 I usually do n't play these type of adventure games , but it did sound interesting . However , I found out very early on in the game that you have to print out the manual to start the game moving forward . The cursor with the hand that is suppose to allow you to collect items , did not work all the time . I was unable to understand what I was suppose to do inside the caves since none of the items were working.Very disappointed in the game . I think that the maker of the game should try having people play this game before releasing it to the public , or at least test it and make sure that it works .
 I enjoyed this game at times , but it aggravated me to have to rely on the walkthtough for some of the puzzles . Those I had help on would have taken weeks to figure out and the final answer so obscure that it would simply have been trial and error , no logical outcome . Also some of the items you had to combine to do stuff did not seem logical either . If you already have a knife , why would you have to combine 2 or 3 other things to do what the knife could do ? Dealing with the cursor was difficult also for the same reasons mentioned in the other reviews . I would recommend this game to someone who does n't mind relying on walkthroughs and has infinite patience . The story was interesting but loses a lot when it 's so hard to play it out yourself .
 Although a newer game , the interface is similar to the early 1990 's adventure games where nothing can really be figured out . Dont waste your money on this !!! take it and go buy the movie -LRB- several old versions -RRB- or pick up a copy of Rick Wakeman 's Journey to the Center of the Earth - Its much more satisfying !
 Do n't waste your time and money on this game-it 's not worth it . The story idea is interesting but it 's hard to navigate -LRB- it 's easy to miss a location -RRB- and a lot of the tasks you 're required to do do n't make sense -LRB- I could n't have made it past the opening scenes without the walkthrough , embarrassingly enough -RRB- I got bored a third of the way through and quit . It 's a good idea , but it did n't turn into a good game .
 there were some cool graphics here , but other than that , it was the worst game ever . i agree with one of the other reviewers when they said `` have the creaters of this game people ever played a game before ? '' Put it this way - i had to use the walkthrough for every single move i made . i solved the puzzles on my own , and some i thoroughly enjoyed , but the puzzles alone were not worth it . if you do decide to get this game , find a walkthrough online immediately and just use it to guide you to the puzzles -LRB- if you are like me and just enjoy tough stand-alone puzzles -RRB- . But if you want a good story line and good game play , this will be your worste nightmare . navigations is unbearable at times . i got stuck numerous times as well . had to go back to a saved spot . it crashed on my a couple times too , and i lost everything because i forgot to save . stay away from this one . seriously . the gameplay and story is horrible .
 I received this program and loaded it into my Mac Book . The software gives an error message when starting up and can not use . I tried to contact Amazon but they do not answer and make it very difficult to find them . I had no option but to begin a dispute through American Express.A waste of time and money .
 Im going to start by saying that the Mac port compared to the windows version is ok at best . What I am truly frustrated by is the lack of support Aspyr is placing in its software . I bought this game with the intention of playing multiplayer with my friends , all of which own PC 's and were able to buy the gold edition for half what I payed . Regardless , I put up the absorbent amount of money for this three year old game and attempted to play multiplayer with my friends . To my dismay I discovered that Mac users were not allowed to play multiplayer with PC users because Aspyr has not released a patch compatible with the windows patch 2.13 . To make matters worse I also discovered that gamespy is no longer supporting the internet play of the Mac version . So even when the patch is finally released I will only be able to play direct IP connect . After learning this crucial information I called Aspyr support to find out if they plan on releasing a patch soon so I could make my $ 80 investment worth while . But to no avail , the tech support told me that the incompetent Aspyr `` is working on it '' but have no definite date for release . The final nail of the metaphoric coffin was the fact that Mac users could also not get the latest Expansion beyond the sword . What makes it even more offensive is the fact that Aspyr has no plans of releasing this half year old expansion pack in the future . Please heed my advise and do not buy this game until Aspyr gets their act together !!!
 Warlords is a nice enough expansion for one of the greatest strategy games ever , however you should be aware that the Mac version does not allow for 99 % of the content downloadable online . No real forms of modding are compatible , and the online content far exceeds the amount available ingame . The value of this should be no more than $ 10 .
 you will need to have the disc to start this game . a bummer when you 're on a laptop on the road and you just want to play a video game . most people do n't carry around the cds that come with their software anymore . it also does n't stop people from copying games illegally or cracking them to use without discs -LRB- do a google search -RRB- . that said , the game play is good , the graphics are nice , but the end game gets to be pretty slow moving . i have a fairly recent macbook pro and this game gets really sluggish as there are more units and map revealed . kind of sad since that 's when it gets more interesting.buy world of warcraft instead . this game is a poor port to the mac platform .
 Well , it has been out for awhile and I have played through it a bit and suffice to say ... this game is dead . It should have been a new entity alongside City of Heroes but for all it 's flash it is just more of the same . The missions are EXACTLY the same as the hero side of the game ... sometimes with just minor word changes.You play through the game and contacts tell you what a big shot you are becoming . . then in the late 30 levels all your contacts act like you are a nobody . That sort of inconistant story telling and pacing are just small complaints.Big complaint , lack of anything to do but the same tired four or five mission templates . That is right , there is a small handful of missions ... and you will be doing them over and over and over and over . Soloing is boring and group play is risky thanks to no solid group dynamic.PVP ? PvP is a joke . A few powers destroy everything else making it zero fun . If you enter a PvP zone and have no resistance to status effect -LRB- ie holds , sleeps , etc -RRB- you are pretty much a doomed . They say upper level content is coming but they never even came up with decent upper level content for City of Heroes -LRB- the general response was `` make a new character '' , and that means the same grind all over -RRB- ... so save your money , this MMO is starting it 's descent -LRB- again -RRB- . On the positive side , it does have one of the most fun combat systems for an MMO and an impressive character design system . These were positives from City of Heroes ... so it is not like they would downgrade that .
 This game , as well as all City of Heroes games , should not be sold or purchased . NCSoft shut down the game and Paragon Studios that ran it on November 30 , 2012 . Amazon needs to pull all City of Heroes games from sale because it is a product that no longer works .
 On Sept 1st NCSoft announced they were shutting down this game . The staff has been laid off , and the codes from all of these boxed sets have been voided . People trying to use them are being told `` This Serial Code has expired '' . `` This morning we announced that Paragon Studios will be taking to the skies of City of Heroes for the last time.In a realignment of company focus and publishing support , NCsoft has made the decision to close Paragon Studios . Effective immediately , all development on City of Heroes will cease and we will begin preparations to sunset the world 's first , and best , Super Hero MMORPG before the end of the year . As part of this , all recurring subscription billing and Paragon Market purchasing will be discontinued effective immediately . We will have more information regarding a detailed timeline for the cessation of services and what you can expect in game in the coming weeks.The team here at Paragon deserves special praise for all that we have accomplished over the last 5 + years . These developers are some of the most creative and talented people in the gaming industry . By now , we 've all been given this news internally , but to anyone who may be reading this message after the fact ; know that your hard work and dedication has not gone unappreciated or unnoticed . To any potential studios looking to grow your team ; hire these people . You wo n't regret it.To our Community , Thank you . Thank you for your years of support . You 've been with us every step of the way , sharing in our challenges , encouraging us to make City of Heroes better , more than everyone else thought it could be . We could n't have come this far without you . I implore you all , focus on the good things of CoH and Paragon Studios . Do n't dwell on the `` how '' or the `` why '' , but rather join us in celebrating the legacy of an amazing partnership between the players and the development team.Thank you , and I 'll see you in the skies , one last time . `` If the retailers had any decency they 'd stop trying to rip off unwitting customers that are n't aware the game has been shut down and pull this useless merchandise off of the market .
 How was City of Villains designed ? Start by loading up the City of Heroes game engine , then begin the long and tedious creative process :1 -RRB- Change the word `` rescue '' to `` kidnap '' .2 -RRB- Change the word `` retrieve '' to `` steal '' .3 -RRB- Change the word `` hero '' to `` villain '' .4 -RRB- Release an overpriced collector 's edition , and a soon-to-be bargain bin standard version .5 -RRB- Count your money , and laugh , laugh , laugh.What you , the player , do in this game does n't count as villainy in any way , shape , or form.As with most MMORPGs , you will spend the vast amount of your time on the leveling treadmill . But what is it that your `` villain '' will fight ? Why gangsters , trolls , evil snakemen , and renegade heroes turned baddies ! The same thing you would fight if you were a hero!In City of Heroes , civilians cower in the streets at the hands of thugs , and thank you for rescuing them . In City of Villains the thugs chase you down in the street , and the civilians walk by you without so much as a whisper of terror . Civilians are invulnerable , so you wo n't be robbing them or beating them up , nor will they `` tremble at the mention of your name . '' Meanwhile , the street thugs see you as just another costume to be chased down , regardless of how quickly you will dispatch them or your supposed lack of morals.You might say , `` Hey , this game is rated Teen , its not meant to show the real side of criminality and violence ! '' To which I respond , `` Exactly ! This game has no point ! It 's a poorly conceived , huge waste of time ! `` This game is basically a PvP patch that masquerades as a totally new game . Regardless of the claims to the contrary , it DOES NOT STANDALONE - It is the shadow of City of Heroes and thus it is devoid of substance and depth .
 I 'm really very sad tonight . I allowed my subscription to lapse on City of Heroes/City of Villains . I felt that I had no other option . My wife and I play computer games together , and we originally enjoyed both CoH and CoV . Unfortunately , NCSoft is not living up to their end of the bargain . While City of Villains offered new character classes -LRB- most obviously , the Mastermind class -RRB- , there is a lack of polish that accompanies this game . Consider the following
 This game is very fun to play . But you must have an internet connection in order to play it period . Description made it seem like you only needed it for online gameplay , but you need it period to even run the game and it costs $ 14.99 per month just play it . So it only get 's two stars overall . I 'm not an online gamer , so I found this to be very disappointing because I 'm fan of the City of Heroes series .
 I was looking to take a break from world of warcraft and decided to give city villains a try ... 2 weeks later I reactivated my warcraft account . I found the CoV gameplay to be extremely repetitive and chaotic . I also found the amount of supergroup/team spammed invites without so much as a ` hey ' in-game tell to be infinitely bothersome . Maybe under different circumstances I could have enjoyed it - but it just did n't match up to world of warcraft ... If I need to repetitevely kill the same things over and over and over again , I 'd like to at least do it in a game where I can always move to a different setting and refresh the experience .
 This game disappointed me . I downloaded it and finally set up my account and then I created a really awesome character which took me an hour and a half to look through all the details . -LSB- horns , masks , suits , claws , powers , origins etc. -RSB- and then I pressed enter the rogue isles and the bottom half of my screen just freezes and the light effects make the top all blurry so I try a couple more times and I never got it to work . I contacted the tech support for the site and they just want me to run a diagnostic test and i dont know what the heck that is so I still havent become a villain ...
 NC Soft the company that runs the game is a bunch of idiots.I bought the game and used the free trial peroid to check it out . I decided I liked it so I paid for three months of game time.After that I never could log on , after several weeks of e-mails with the company I gave up , there idiots asking me questions like are my cap locks off . I 'll never buy antoher NC soft product again .
 Cheating
 in WOW you can level up get armor and stuff like that , but in this game you only get powerthingies and your gudged by your looks and power thingies . i would strongly recomend to play WoWinstead of CoV
 Show was great back in the day in all it 's cheesiness glory , but this game is awful . avoid at all costs . 1 star .
 I 've been playing AA since beta and I 've seen it grow in unique ways but unfortunately , the game is still plagued by numerous bugs and requires some serious tinkering . In the one day since the game went live , I re-recorded over 80 issues that any player will encounter in the game . This issues plus hundreds more have been given to the dev team many times but they are have n't given us the slightest sign that they are aware of the issues or are going to address them.Like other players that I 've talked to , they are also disappointed with the performance of the game and the frequent lag that you 'll experience while driving and especially in any town . I will continue to play the game for the first month as it 's free but after that , if there 's no improvement then my friends and I are leaving .
 I am a big fan of massively multiplayer online games and PLAYNC should be more than happy to have customers like me . City of Heroes City of Villains Guild Wars Lineage II are some of my favorite games and I did review some of them with 4 and 5 stars . I can understand as an old and experienced gamer that the more complicated are the games the more bugs you are going to deal with . What I ca n't understand is how a game with 5 years of development can have so many bugs and specially when hundreds of gamers like me we supported the development of the game not only dedicating our time but PAYING for the pre-order version . There are no excuses for treating the advanced gamers which is your target group like this.On the top of all PLAYNC has created a very nice online adventure game called `` support '' . Each time I used it in the past I was forwarded from one server to another -LRB- From U.S. support to the European support e.t.c. then I was getting a ticket number I was logging in my support site and then I was checking for my answer . Nice easy and requires no time at all.Ah ! I forgot to tell you about the game . The concept is really good you choose a hero and a customized vehicle with high-tech , futuristic weaponry in order to fight the mutated creatures and bandits . You will be able to participate in epic battles and wars over the control of the regions . You can develop advanced crafting skill you will able to fully customize your vehicle and you are going to develop your abilities.The environment is a devastated Earth where you can blow up buildings , trees , and other structures and fortunately you never run out of ammoThe game includes PvP -LRB- Player vs. Player -RRB- interaction clan/solo Arena dueling for fame and fortune.Now please do not get me wrong the game is very good the only problem is that it is UNFINISHED . I would recommend waiting UNTIL THEY FINISH IT FIRST and then YOU WILL BUY THE FULL VERSION . Trust me when they will finish it I promise I will change my review but until then try it only if you do n't mind to crash your system every time you play .
 318 MB of patches and you ca n't even play the thing unless you 're online . I feel as though I 've been robbed .
 The Auto Assault servers shut down as of the end of August 2007 . With no single-player capability , this game will no longer function .
 Auto Assault was an interesting experiment of a game , but ultimately failed -LRB- and did so quickly -RRB- because it did not address the key interests of most MMO players . The game tries to be a hybrid between a true MMO with quests and character development , on the one hand , and a driving game , on the other , and fails as a direct result of that . Most MMO players are not into car driving games -LRB- and do not want the 100 % twitch-based game and repeptitive blowing up of things -RRB- , and most car driving game players are not into MMOs -LRB- and want to play offline , not worry about character development and crafting , and not pay a fee to play -RRB- . So the end result was an interesting idea and experiment , but in the end only serves to reinforce the realities that -LRB- 1 -RRB- in MMOs , fantasy is king , and veering outside that space is risky -LRB- even most sci-fi MMOs have failed , the notable exception being EVE Online , which has no meaningful competition in its own niche of space-based PvP game -RRB- and -LRB- 2 -RRB- twitch-game players do not like MMOs where they have to play a lot to advance characters and craft and so forth over the long haul , and pay a fee for the privilege to do so , and instead prefer fast-paced , action-based games that can be `` beaten '' relatively quickly over the course of a few weeks -LRB- or faster -RRB- and then mastered for a bit and on to the next game . Trying to marry these two ideas was interesting , but failed because of a gross misinterpretation of the MMO marketplace.The servers are empty . There were less than 10,000 subscribers to this game at its peak a month or two after release . Do n't bother to buy this .
 The only good metal gear was the 1st one . Or the actual gear that was metal , it is real ! But really all the games so far have sucked bid time . Playing the games are like watching really stupid movies that do n't make sense . You have to be a real loser to like some hippy that wheres a headband and has a lame name like `` snake '' . But there is a cool hero called `` Master Chief '' that would kick stupid snakes ass . Instead of buying another lame game just get halo or halo 2 , doom3 , halflife 2 or any game because it will have to be better that more of this metal crap .
 it 's comming out in november.it 's out of any questionto even talk about such game yet to be released.lets talk after the game is released . ihope it to be released on time i hope .
 Yes , you can hide in the bushes and eat snakes all day . Thats enough for some sheep to give it five stars . What if the story sucks , its full of bugs , nothing works , the graphics fails and the sound and music is terrible . What if the stealth was like in Tomb Raider 6 ! What if they decided to have Raidens voice on the main character!Then again some other sheep uses their review to tell everyone that they suck in stealth games , and obviously hate them . Great ! I 'll join the sheep , and use my review to blow off some steam ! -LRB- and of course I 'm on my toes waiting for this game ... -RRB-
 I had heard negative things about this game , so luckily I rented it before I bought it . I have played all the Resident Evils , and this is the only one I was not happy with . FYI , I did not play the game online , so my comments are only from a single-player point of view.The vibe of this game just is n't the same . The zombies are n't particularly scary , just rather annoying.I also hate having other people following me around . They get in my way , and I am responsible for their well-being . I 'd rather just look after myself.The biggest downside for me was the length of time between scenes loading . It takes a ridiculously long time just to load a single room . Once you leave that room , the previous area has to be loaded again as well.Overall , this game just was n't worth it . I ca n't imagine having the patience for the loading times whether or not I was online . That alone would discourage me from playing .
 I 'm a beta tester and basicaly the problem with this game it 's that is very old.The GAMEPLAY is the same as the series with a 10 % upgrade new moves are suposed to make up for the horrible controler configuration.The GRAPHICS are simple
 Let me first say that I am a die hard Biohazard/Resident Evil fan from the very first Resident Evil on the Playstation . After the RE series was revitalized on the GameCube with the original Resident Evil remake I 've come to realize that any other Resident Evil games appearing on other consoles should probably be avoided as they 1
 I found R.E.Outbreak to be a very weak game . For starters , the loading time on this game -LSB- irritates -RSB- . Which is a big thing for me . Also it only took me a day to beat it . I mean , wheres the fun in that . Right ? Also the game movement is very slow . Suggestion , rent it , dont buy it . Hope this helps .
 Do n't get me wrong , I thoroughly enjoyed playing the early RE games , but Capcom has let technology and gameplay innovations pass by their long-running franchise by several generations . Having played the beta version of Outbreak , I can only conclude that the long , gushing review posted on here was submitted by a Capcom employee . This iteration of RE has all of the old problems and quirks that have been around since the very first RE on Playstation
 Words can not begin to express my hatred for this game . I am a long time fan of the series , however this game is buggy and confusing . The A.I is horrible , the gameplay is inconsistent and random -LRB- at one point you have to jump a chasm , you are supposed to rely on your A.I partners to help you , often they will not and you fall to your death , other times they will hoist you up -RRB- At the end of the first level , I died and when I continued I was someplace different altogether with different partners and a different storyline , with no explanation . Huh ? There is no chat or any communication with your partners online . I actually feel stupid that I bought this game . Please , Please rent before buying .
 I LOVED Titanic
 Got here very fast and well protected . Could not get it to work in my current computer system though . Disappointing !
 If you planning on buying this game , it 's unsuitable for any audience , especially kids , details shortly . If you own this game , like me , you 've likely been ripped off your hard earned money , even it was just 10 bucks in my case . Why : - Behind the cover of an , admittedly very nice , 3D rendered environment there really is only a 2D side scrolling game with platform jumping and some form of diamond collection , the occasional ` scary skeleton ' that needs to be cleaned out of the way . Characters are following a tight path with no freedom other than to move forward - absolutely no camera control , you will sometimes need to guess where to jump next and unless you are into this kind of ` death jumping ' you will find this plain frustrating quickly . - platform jumping suffers from moving camera angles , while you are jumping , or between platforms , sometimes requiring ` mid-air ' corrections . - the lives of your character are eaten up quicker than you can count to three , simply by slipping of a platform due to a bad control scheme . And in many cases you will have to restart the level . I can not see this beeing of any enjoyment to a child or adult . - along with some of the above , there are to few save points in the game , and the checkpoints do n't make up for it because once you are done with your lives the game -LRB- or level -RRB- is over - the game suffers under severe frame rate issues , while clearly not using the capabilities of the cube.Bottom line to me
 I bought this thinking it would be a cute weekend diversion , and boy was I disappointed . The whole premise behind the game is bad . When I tried to change between characters it was maddening at times . Also , they got stuck in the walls , inevitably meaning reboot . I gave up about 3/4 of the way through and took it back!I think even a small child 's intelligence would be insulted by this one .
 This game is not worth the money wasted , it has no camera to know where you are going . Also you go through the same patterns all through the game . It is a game that when you try to get the support it claims for help YOU WILL NOT GET IT . Also I think who ever created this game should stick to coloring books because you sure do n't know know anything about making a game . You waste people money and time . Your Spirits & Spells does not have a walkthrough because it a real boring , stupid game . I even had to put a 1 point star to get this in , But my opinion it 's a -100 .
 Please check many of the BoyCott Starforce sites to verify whether or not this version is Starforced.This game is right on top of the Starforce lists , found on any of the Boycott Starforce Websites.Starforce is a copy protection program that installs hidden drivers on your computer , that are n't removed when the game is removed.The problem is , over time , these drivers activate themselves , whenever and without warning , to check whether or not you are making copies ... of anything . These drivers are incompatible and uspurp and replace the actions of the correct drivers that came with your computer.Optical multidrives are pretty darn expensive to replace . Mine is in the neighborhood of 500-600 dollars . I do n't want to lose it to a 7.50 game.I already lost my 80 GB @ 5400 RPM hard dive after unwittingly downloading 3 Starforce games on my then newish Toshiba 17 '' desktop replacement notebook with a P4 @ 3.2 Ghz processor , 1.5 GB RAM , a Toshiba super multi drive optical drive and a NVidia Geforce Fx Go 5200 graphics card . My system has now been surpassed in technology ... but it was n't cheap when I bought it . I do n't want to throw it away.The games I downloaded were all very cheap and reasonable ... I thought.Beware and please check the lists for every game you buy . Amazon has been wonderful about leaving Starforce posts and reviews up.Amazon , you are wonderful . This is a good place to buy . Many online retailers would rather have you lose your computer to a 7.50 game than leave the warning posts up.Starforce and the damage it causes is very real . It does n't happen all at once , but it happens . Have you gotten messages from Windows stating that your drivers have been misplaced and they are going to put them back where they belong ? That 's just one of the peculiar happenings that I experienced after Starforce . I was losing so many drivers , I paid for a driver down subscription at a scanning site . Good Golly Miss Molly ... it was a rough year . It ended with my Genuine Copy of XP all of sudden not reporting as Genuine.Can you imagine how hard it was to get a live warm body to verify product codes at Microsoft ... pretty darn hard.You can have all that and more , plus no computer if you download and install Starforced games or software.Your choice ... I was n't aware of one at the time.How I found out about Starforce ? I remembered the three games from when I started to have computer problems . After my hard drive failed , I could n't forget those games and looked up the titles to see if anyone else had noticed performance changes after installing them . They did.marf
 i brought 2 of these controllers about a week ago , and it just came in yesterday . as i opened one the controllers up the Joystick fell off and there was no way it could of went back on . And as i opened the other controller the joystick was not screwed into the controller so when u use it , you have to make sure it doesnt fall into the controller , the screws just fly around in there . . over all this product was a waste of money . it was cheaply made .
 The controller is quite comfortable . Buttons are responsive . However , the control stick is quite stiff and extremely sensitive . It seems to be at maximum sensitivity while barely pushing the stick all the way . This makes playing 1st person shooters EXTREMELY difficult due to the heighten turning . Another problem is that the control stick has a certain springy feel that prevents it from performing precise movements . Overall I was dissatisfied with my purchase .
 i used this control for about 12 days straight and the buttons kept getting stuck and the turbo button would engage on its own . . I dont recommend this product ...
 Works great while the controller lasted . I bought two and the first one died after a couple of months then the second controller died a few months later .
 I recently bought this game and was thoroughly disappointed . Even though it 's an XBox game , I 've seen as good , if not better graphics on the N64 . The controls are a bit awkward also . There is also no way to save unless you are in a level . I 'd say it 's worth the $ 9 I paid for it though .
 Please do not buy this game . Thankyou . Ok seriously onto the review . I rented this game because I was thinking about buying it so I picked my character , which you could choose a boy , girl , alien then I am off on my adventure . Immediately I noticed that the graphic are no up to par with standard X box games and that the movement was quirky . I have played games with these kind of problems if they were fun but this game also has bugs . On the first stage I went to chop down the tree and the guy would not run across the log , another time I got stuck in the log , and yet another time I through my sword and it did n't come back . I do n't like the fact that if you stand next to a friendly character that you can kill them simply by having your light saber within touching distance of them . Overall I would have to say this game could have been great but it was clearly rushed for the holiday season , I hate when publishers do that , thanks Lucasarts .
 If your looking for a good star wars game get knights of the old republic , if your looking for a action game get prince of persia . This game is not good in any way shape or form .
 The first game was absolutely impossible to beat , the second one will be twice as hard to beat ...
 This disaster is the worst looking x-box title out there , the game looks like a 5 year old p.c. game ! I basicly threw away 50 bucks on this pile ! I should have read the reviews for this game as I see lots of other people think the same thing . beware of this steaming heap !
 Do not buy this game . This has been the worst game I have ever owned . First off when you hold a gun it looks like a computer first person shooter from like 1995 , and I did n't even get past the first level before I had to turn it off . You have limited characters to chose from , but you can change your clothes . I really enjoyed Knights of the Old republic , so I looked at these reviews . Some of them said oh this game really sucks and I chose to ignore them because I really enjoyed Knights of the Old Republic . But wow this game was really bad , if you want a good action game you should get Lord of the Rings
 I rented this game , and boy , am I glad . The graphics are blocky and unrealistic . The gameplay overall is generally fun , with helpful first-person shooting and third-person lightsaber combat . However , lightsaber combat is basically hacking at each other until eventually one keels over and dies , pressing the button over and over until you win . Often I found it difficult to know what the heck I was supposed to do/where I was supposed to go . The controls are simple , but basically you use the two thumbsticks and the fire button . That 's all . If you feeel like a semi-fun Star Wars experience , go out and rent this game , but do n't waste your hard earned money on yet another one of Lucas Arts moneymaking scams that only exists because Star Wars is in the name .
 Okay ... First off I would like to say that I was never a Star Wars Fan until I got my hands on the best RPG to date which is Star Wars KOTOR . So when Jedi Acadamy came out , I just had to get it . Knowing that it was a sequal and it was said that this one promises to be better , I thought , `` wow ! Maybe this game can cure my KOTOR withdrawls until KOTOR 2 -LRB- which is in production -RRB- comes out ! '' Yeah right ... I mean do n't get me wrong , this game is pretty ... okay ... . But all the bad reveiws were right ... . Horrible stroyline , Kinds of ememies are repetitive , the controls SUCK , and yes , the Graphics are HORRIBLE ! I felt like I was back playing Tomb Raider 2 on playstaion one on a old television set . I read before I rented this game all the bad reviews on this site , and now I can honestly say that they were not exaggerating . This game is not so good . If you ever played KOTOR , then I suggest to lower your standards if you really have to play this game . But if you have no expectations , not really picky with graphics and production -LRB- sound , voice overs , story lines , controls -RRB- , then by all means try this out!Overall it is not really a bad game . It 's just mediocre . Which is why I am so angry because I would expect a Star Wars game to be great because of passed titles like obi wan , galaxies , and especially KOTOR ! But this game is just OKAY .
 I have only rented the game , but even that left a bad taste in my mouth ! The $ 5.00 I used for renting this pile could have been spent much better . The game looks GREAT , problem is it plays like a drunk nurf hearder . The flying missions are ok , but the controls need a little work . The foot and speeder missions suck all the bantha doo doo in the galaxy as far as I am concerned . Factor 5 really dropped the ball on this one .
 the disk was ruined . And I dont know what to do about it to get my money back . Very disappointed .
 The graphics of this game is great , fast paced with a lot of great control action . You can run , duck , and shoot on the ground , and fly , roll , accelerate , decrease speed in the air depending on the vehicle or 3rd person view you are playing in at the time . HOWEVER , the missions requirements are quite unclear and occasionally very difficult . There are no MODE settings , everyone plays in the same conditions . This game was designed with the idea the YOU NEED TO BUY THE GAME GUIDE because mission requirements are not adequately explained . The game becomes quickly frustrating and just thrown aside for better games with clearer goals and more enjoyable gameplay . The program is excellent if you want constant action that you continue to play through over and over trying to determine the order of enemies to destroy in order to complete the mission . The game should also offer some sensitivity selection to the controller . Overall , this game looks great on screen shots , but gameplay is tiresome and I lost interest quickly because of a lack of info on objectives . In addition , to unlock some of the better parts of this game requires you earning points to do so , which is disappointing since that may be more easier said than done for some players . NOT FOR SMALL CHILDREN because of no difficulty setting . Try Star Wars Clone Wars for smaller children or just for fun , though I enjoy classic trilogy stuff better . Just my opinion , but I say rent it first !
 I rented this game for a weekend and I am extremely I bought Jak II instead of this . When I rented this I was ready to stay up all night playing it , after an hour I put it away . This game is a horrible disgrace of the star wars game license which is getting a bad reputation as it is . If it did n't have ground missions this game would have four stars , but those idiots at LucasArts thought `` Let 's try to annoy game fans in an all new dimension '' and they added pointless idiotic ground missions . The flying missions and AT-AT or AT-ST or whatever missions are pretty good but can be annoying/confusing , hard core star wars fans should buy this because they will actually keep trying to win those stupid ground missions , but if you just want a good space shooting game get a different rogue squadron game A GOOD ONE !!! So if you like being frustrated out of your mind this is the game for you
 I have played the past Star Wars Rogue Squadron games and been satisfied , in particular with Rogue Squadron II . This game however , is not as uplifting . When I first read about it I thought ; `` Oh , this game is going to be awesome with great graphics and the co-op would be sweet '' -LRB- I think I actually wrote one of the first reviews for it when it appeared here on Amazon -RRB- . How far I was from the truth . First , the good . To start off with , everything about the aerial combat in this game is great . The team at Lucas Arts have clearly refined skills when it comes to dogfighting in X-Wings , having had a lot of practice with previous versions , dating back to I do n't want to know when . The graphics are also great in this part of the game
 There are some really nice highlights in the game , but overall it 's not very good -- when you compare it to the predecessor , Rogue Leader , it 's absolutely terrible.I 'll start with what 's great about it . 1 -RRB- Improved graphics -LRB- you have to see it to believe it -RRB- . Rebel Strike looks just that much better than Rogue Leader ; the video stills that you can find on the internet really do n't do justice to levels like the Cloud City sequence , or the Endor forest chase level . 2 -RRB- A lot of new stuff to pilot , including an all new Tie Fighter that 's fashioned after the X-Wing . Many of the ships have improved since Rogue Leader -- the Falcon is a lot more nimble , for example . 3 -RRB- the cooperative mode where you get to play Rogue Leader with a buddy is a nice add-on . Now for what 's lame
 First off , people should not be able to review items before they came out . Just because you are a star wars fan , does not mean that EVERYTHING that comes out will be great . Case in point , this game.It looks good , it sounds good , but it doesnt ' play good . I love Star Wars , and LOVED Rogue Squadron 2 . This one is n't as good . There are too many missions where you are on foot , and they -LSB- stink -RSB- ! ... Luke is hard to manuever , the camera doesnt ' always zoom in to a useful angle -LRB- especially on Dagobah where if you misjump , you die -RRB- and oftentimes the auto-targeting of enemies will lock on to enemies behind a wall or other cover , while closer enemies are right in front of you blasting away . Plus , all you do in those levels is mash the fire button . Not that exciting.The flight missions are better . They look great , the ships are awesome once again , it 's more fun . However , not all of them are well designed . For isntance , on Geonosis , there is an awesome opener where you fight some bad guys . However , there is a pointless ep II tie-in for the second part which is more tedious walking around , and then an awesome part III . Why ruin the fun of flying around and fighting in space , with some pointless running around on the surface ? It does n't inspire me to play again , since you ca n't skip the tedious on foot section . It is this kind of poor design that ruins the game for me . Or the Hoth level . Not very open ended . You just follow someone else on tauntaun , it 's not as expansive as the hoth level on RSII . It looks nice , but you are RUSHED through it so fast you ca n't see anything or explore . Or another level requires you to fly in a tunnel avoiding energy beams , similar to Death Star Escape from RSII . I just hate those kind of ` avoid the obstacle ' type levels . If you like them , this is your level!Overall , I can still go back and play RS2 and enjoy the levels again . The Kothlis level , the Razor level , the Maw , the battle of Endor , those are all lots of fun to play over and over . On Rebel Strike , there are n't many worth playing over and over again . All the on-foot levels were chore enough to get through once , let alone twice . And the other ones , eh ... not as well designed . Not to mention not as well narrated . Often you are just thrown into a sitaution without any kind of prologue or info , and you just kinda have to figure out what to do by trial and error.It could have been SO much more . I ran out to buy it the second it came out , as I love Star Wars . This game while it looks good , is loaded with extras , etc etc etc is marred by exceptionally poor gameplay on the ` on foot ' missions , and poor level design on some of the others . I 'd rent it and check it out first . And honestly guys , I 'd play it before I gave it 5 stars . I typically do n't rave to the chef about the meal BEFORE it is served .
 Sorry most people find this review unhelpful . I still think most of these reviews are off . If you look at the reviews on IGN.com or Gamespot.com , you 'll see that they agree with my complaints about the controls when running sround the ground.Here 's what IGN.com said about the new ground-based missions : `` Were Factor 5 to have stopped there , Rebel Strike would have received a higher score . But by the developer 's own admission roughly twenty percent of the title is made up of on-foot missions . While we respect the company 's ambitious plan in this regard , the truth is that these levels just do n't work and they feel severely unrefined when compared to the rest of the game , which is mostly solid . Maneuvering the characters around the environments feels untested and clunky -- even broken , and as a result these levels can be discouraging and frustrating . From the opening tutorial , which challenges you to control Luke around the courtyard of his home on Tatooine , you 'll run into problems . The character 's stiff , robotic movement , the model 's lacking sense of collision detection -LRB- he 'll actually stutter and fall off walls and stairs if he 's positioned incorrectly -RRB- , the unreliable lock-on system and the mismanaged camera -- it all combines for a very clumsy play experience . `` Gamespot.com said this about the ground-based missions : `` Finally , there are the on-foot missions . This is , alas , where Rebel Strike really falters . Playing as Luke or Wedge on foot , you can duck , jump , roll , and lock onto enemy targets as you fire your blaster and plow ahead toward the goal . The aiming and targeting here are extremely clumsy -- though the game will lock your aim to nearby enemies that you 're facing , this often causes more problems than it solves . Sometimes your aim is stuck on a target that 's too far away to hit or that 's located safely behind a wall , and you ca n't move your crosshair to a new target without radically changing the direction you 're running . Other times , the auto-targeting allows you to take out an entire squad of stormtroopers by simply remaining stationary and hammering on the A button , which is , of course , ridiculously easy . Lastly , there are a couple of late-game missions that require you to do some platforming , which is maddeningly frustrating since the jump mechanics have a stiff , awkward feel that makes proper landings difficult . `` Gamesdomain.com had this to say `` On foot , the problem is two-fold . For one , the camera is on a strictly preset path and refuses to move . Enemies , however , are not , so it 's quite possible for you to end up with baddies outside your field of view , but still shooting at you . A simple camera control would have been the more elegant solution.Another problem is the horrid aiming system . Your characters have an utter inability to strafe while on foot and only a very limited lock-on capability . The result ? You spend most of your time firing in the direction you are facing . While this works well for space combat , it fails miserably when fighting on foot , as any action gamer well knows . It does n't render the game unplayable , but some of these levels are more annoying than they need to be . `` Electronic Gaming Monthly has this to say
 Nooooooo ! Why do Luke and Wedge run around like headless chickens ? Please stay inside your vehicles and do n't come out : -LRB- I like the vehicle boards . So when I have to share with my kid brother , I make him play the stoopid boards where you run around as Luke -LRB- after eating too much of Yoda 's chilli -RRB-
 Being a big fan of the SW series , I must say that I found this game frustrating and pointless . The only good thing about this game is using it as a frisbee in family picnics
 I do n't often review games , but I had to write in on this one . This game was pretty bad . Soem major plot flaws . Some horrible control -LRB- ca n't control the camera on foot missions -RRB- and just plain stupid elelments like `` sonic weapons '' in space . When I came across that , I just turned the game off . Fortunately I rented this because I was n't sure I like it . I loved Rogue 2 and it 's one of my favorite games . I liked the idea of flying some missions with a friend , but the single player version is dumb dumb DUMB.People who like this game probably also like Jar-Jar .
 You can not change the camera angle at all ; sometimes you ca n't see where you are or what you are doing . The only even partially good missions -LRB- no missions are any good , I just mean the ones that are better than others -RRB- are the ones in which you are in space in a starfighter . On land , walking , you ca n't see what you are doing most of the time , and there are only a few controls
 There are some really nice highlights in the game , but overall it 's not very good -- when you compare it to the predecessor , Rogue Leader , it 's absolutely terrible.I 'll start with what 's great about it . 1 -RRB- Improved graphics -LRB- you have to see it to believe it -RRB- . Rebel Strike looks just that much better than Rogue Leader ; the video stills that you can find on the internet really do n't do justice to levels like the Cloud City sequence , or the Endor forest chase level . 2 -RRB- A lot of new stuff to pilot , including an all new Tie Fighter that 's fashioned after the X-Wing . Many of the ships have improved since Rogue Leader -- the Falcon is a lot more nimble , for example . 3 -RRB- the cooperative mode where you get to play Rogue Leader with a buddy is a nice add-on . Now for what 's lame
 This game was a huge disappointment for me . I loved the first Rogue Squadron on the N64 and still love and play Rogue Leader on my GC , but this game just had me disgusted . The levels all seem to rush you from one cinematic to the next . I know the medals all have strict time requirements but in Rebel Strike it felt like there was n't any free time to explore or just have some fun shooting down Imperials . How are you supposed to get any of the upgrades ? For me a game must first be fun and I did n't have any fun .
 that pretty much sums it up . the first 2 were great and everyone had high expectations of this one . only to be slightly bored most of the time and have excitment few and far in between . YOU CAN LEAVE THE COCKPIT !!!!!! No friggin way!@!@ ! @ yeah but the controls are aweful and all you do is give the A button a work out . There 's a 2 player mode !!!!! yeah but the only thing exciting about that is the co-op of Rouge Leader . some of the missions are kinda cool though the problem is you 'll have to play through so much garbage you 'll be afraid to continue on to finds these rare gems . Ok os here is what you should do instead ... go buy Rogue Leader . you can probably find it somewhere for like 10 bucks.k and if you already own that one ... i do n't know , take a nap or something .
 Factor 5 and Lucas Arts really dropped the ball -LRB- or the X-Wing -RRB- with this one -- literally . The biggest let-down of this game is the ground-based missions . The 3D characters are n't even always grounded . At one particularly difficult part of the game I was amazed to find Luke Skywalker just floating in mid air when he should have been firlmy planted on a skiff . I love a challenging game , but this game is hard because it was so poorly developed . The vehicle-based missions , other than adding some interesting new vehicles to pilot , are not significantly improved from Rogue Squadron 2 . Now with that said , there are some good things to say about this game . The graphics are even more stunning than Rogue 2 . And the co-op version of Rogue 2 is awesome ! But why no co-op for the normal missions in Rogue 3 ?! The overall impression is that this game was underdeveloped and possibly rushed through production . The bottom line is , if this were not a Star Wars game it would have never seen the light of day . It 's not worth paying full price for . Rent it . Factor 5 , take your time with Rogue 4 . Rogue 2 showed us what you can do when the force is with you . Good things are worth waiting for , and Star Wars fans know the meaning of patience .
 THE GROUND MISSIONS BLOW ! Everything else is just dandy .
 A pointless game with the most basic gameplay , two tops going at it until one stops spinning or is knocked out of the stadium . You do this throughout the whole game and gets really repetitive . Most of the special beast that your beyblade can have are carbon copies of the other ones and have almost the same animation every time you do the attack . This game is just a cash in to the toy line and you 'll have more fun with the actual beyblade and friends to play with them then this game . Do n't Buy!If you do buy it then have fun wasting your money .
 After playing this game for about 4 or 5 days , you start to realize that nothing new is happening!How the Game Works :1 . Beyblade in tournaments -LRB- It usually takes 30 seconds to win a battle -RRB- 2 . Go to the shop and buy supplies to improve your beyblade3 . Beyblade in tournaments4 . Go to the shop5 . Beyblade in tounramentsTHIS GAME IS BORING AND NOT FUN ! YOU SHOULD NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS POORLY MANUFACTURED GAME !
 When you first start this game , it seems decent . You pick the basics like you usually do in games -LRB- gender , beggining Beyblade , ect . -RRB- and it looks promising . -LRB- Just incase you do n't know , a beyblade is sort of like a battling top , except it has a monster - called a bit beast - inside it that can do attacks . -RRB- But you 'll soon find it is quite dull . Unlike Pokemon games , this is practically a guarantee that you 'll lose the match if your ` top ' is weaker then the others , and your practically guaranteed to win if your ` top ' is stronger.Furthermore , you can get out your bit beast during battle -LRB- BIG flaw in this game -RRB- . And you can use it as much as you like too . But first you have to get a power bar up to 1/3 of the whole power bar . If it 's at 1/3 , it 's a weak strike , if it 's at 2/3 it 's a okay strike , and if it 's at 3/3 , then it 's a strong strike . You get the power bar -LRB- or circle for this matter -RRB- up by hitting your oppenent . Of course , they get the same amount of ` power ' in their ` power circle ' as you do ! However ... you can get it faster if you hit the ` A ' button on impact.So your hitting the ` A ' button the whole time.And then to release your bit beast , you hit ` B ' . So basicaly here 's what you do : Press ` A ' button OVER AND OVER to raise power in the bar while slanting coltrol stock to move around . Then hit ` B ' to release your beast ! That 's it!Heres the point system -LRB- You need Four points to win a round -RRB- : Sleep out -- Your opponents top stops spinning - 1 PTMiss Shoot -- Your opponent misses a launch - 1 PtStadium out -- Your opponents beyblade spins out of the stadium - 2 PTCrash out -- Your opponent looses all HP - 4 PtThe voice overs are beyond annoying ! They constantly say the same thing , over and over , and over , and ... well you get it.Also , Multiplayer is probably worse then single ! Wow ! @_ @Pros - Promising begginingThe graphics are both 3-D , flat , and Cartoon -LRB- or that could be a con , you decide -RRB- Cons - Press same buttons repeatedlyBoring MultiplayerMore powerful blade is very likely guaranteed to win.Bad voice overs!Overall - This game is n't worth your money.P.S.The only reason it got a two was because of the graphics .
 Okay , the tops are alright but this is something else . The people reviewing this product are crazy . Now before you declare I 'm the crazy one , and dash off , I 'll tell you why this game is NOT worth buying and not worth renting . Here 's how I see it and why : Story
 When you first start this game , it seems decent . You pick the basics like you usually do in games -LRB- gender , beggining Beyblade , ect . -RRB- and it looks promising . -LRB- Just incase you do n't know , a beyblade is sort of like a battling top , except it has a monster - called a bit beast - inside it that can do attacks . -RRB- But you 'll soon find it is quite dull . Unlike Pokemon games , this is practically a guarantee that you 'll lose the match if your ` top ' is weaker then the others , and your practically guaranteed to win if your ` top ' is stronger.Furthermore , you can get out your bit beast during battle -LRB- BIG flaw in this game -RRB- . And you can use it as much as you like too . But first you have to get a power bar up to 1/3 of the whole power bar . If it 's at 1/3 , it 's a weak strike , if it 's at 2/3 it 's a okay strike , and if it 's at 3/3 , then it 's a strong strike . You get the power bar -LRB- or circle for this matter -RRB- up by hitting your oppenent . Of course , they get the same amount of ` power ' in their ` power circle ' as you do ! However ... you can get it faster if you hit the ` A ' button on impact.So your hitting the ` A ' button the whole time.And then to release your bit beast , you hit ` B ' . So basicaly here 's what you do : Press ` A ' button OVER AND OVER to raise power in the bar while slanting coltrol stock to move around . Then hit ` B ' to release your beast ! That 's it!Also , Multiplayer is probably worse then single ! Wow ! @_ @Pros - Promising begginingThe graphics are both 3-D , flat , and Cartoon -LRB- or that could be a con , you decide -RRB- Cons - Press same buttons repeatedlyBoring MultiplayerMore powerful blade is very likely guaranteed to win.Overall - This game is n't worth your money.P.S.The only reason it got a two was because of the graphics .
 Rent this first -- if you like it then spend the money to buy it .
 I 'm a fan of the AoE/AoK series . This is neither an extension of those nor an interesting alternative . The look is goofy . The characters are larger than the buildings , the colors are too vibrant . Really quite a let-down . I also have no interest at all in the heroes -LRB- and the silly RPG that goes with them -RRB- that dominate games like this . In an effort to combine RTS with RPG , you get something not adequate to the best of either . If you liked the AoE/AoK/Conquerors stuff , go to Total War/Medieval . Leave this crap behind and hope the makers return to form with their next effort .
 I was truely looking forward to playing this game . I grew up playing these types of games , but Age of Mythlology may as well been released back in 1991 . Maybe then it would have blown me away with hours of entertainment . However now , with the advent of realistic strategy games and appealing visual effects and artwork , Age of Mythology fell short . For those of you who were looking for a great sequel to Age of Empires , i reccommend that you look elsewhere . I returned Age of Mythology the day after i recieved it .
 I remember the previews for this game . It was to have neat god powers , ballanced myth units , and take what Age of Kings made great and make it even better . Well , where the heck did that game go anyway ? This surely is n't the game I saw in the previews . Let me get right to the heart of the problems with this game .1 . -RRB- The battles are oh so dinky and boring . This is impart to the fact that there 's a set limit of only 10 houses you can build limiting your population limit to a low default . That 's right , there 's no adjusting your population limit like in Age of Kings or its expansion pack -LRB- which I now will refer to as AOK TC for short -RRB- . Add to the fact that each base soldier costs 2 population limit , and you have a really small game . Myth units cost more pop limit , but that sure as heck does n't offset the fact that ... 2 . -RRB- Myth units are way overpowered . I know ES wanted to show how powerful they are , but some were just out of this world . Like the Anubites only costing 100 food , have 3 times the HP of a base human soldier , twice the attack rate of a human soldier , and an attack bonus vs human soldiers . The myth units just dominated everything . I mean , having 3 or so gold colossus in battle usually means your going to win it no matter what , which is n't fair . AOK TC did n't have any 1 unit that can dominate everything else , here otherwise it 's different .3 . -RRB- Defense is just as useless as well . In AOK TC , you had to ballance between defense and offense . In AOM , you only work on offensive play . If you 're use to someone like the Teutons in AOK you 're going to get ate up alive here , since walls are pathetically weak , and fortresses only have 1/5th the HP that castles have in AOK ! Who was ES making this game for , nothing but Goth players ? 4 . -RRB- For some reason ES made it so the buildings were back to AOE style . Why I have no idea , since being use to having the units scale to the buildings in AOK TC , it looks really retarded having a villager tower over a house again . Do n't forget that you can only build TCs on those settlements that are randomly set on the map , so if an enemy takes your Town Center out in late game and has the map scouted , he knows exactly where you have to build a TC and can defend them well ... . you over .5 . -RRB- The difficulty was also poor . In AOK , the AI gives you a fair chance to learn how to play on easy , and was n't a complete cheat on hard . In AOM on easy the computer is comatose and on moderate the AI shows no mercy and plays like ... AOK . Hard is just ungodly difficult and gives you no chance before you 're rushed brutally . And unlike in AOK , you ca n't handle a hard rush in AOM since there is jack in defensive structures and no pop room to have defensive units laying around .6 . -RRB- The 3D graphics did n't impress . In fact , I thought they took a step back from AOKs . The units just look bland and blocky , and the terrians look dull and nothing like grass or snow . The water was really nice though , but that 's it , the rest looked rather bad . The 2D engine was just right , so why fix something that 's not broken ? Also there 's a whopping 2 map sizes to choose from -LRB- unlike the 5 or so in AOK TC -RRB- , and all of them are dull and bland to look at and play . What fun!All and all I hated AOM , and I stopped playing only after 2 weeks . The gods barely differed in playing styles for each civs , and it was just did n't have that magic that AOK did . I did n't care about the battles in AOM when I saw the myth units and heros ripping everything apart with no way of me using a superior tactic or something to take them out with my human soldiers.Crushing down someones wall to degut their town had little excitement since only 1 ram is required for about 1 minutes worth of work before half the wall falls . AOMs Xpac does n't look much better , it introduces a super unit that costs as much as a wonder and requires another one to defeat it since they 're so impossable to defeat . And much like the rest of AOM , it does n't constitute as fun , it 's just stupid.The game does have some good points , like how each of the 3 civs play radically different from each other . But there 's also a down side , that 's it only 3 civs . After a short time they get boring with no wide choises other than the minor gods little influnces to the civs playing style . The instruction book also tells you nothing , almost topping Dark Clouds Strategy Guide in being the biggest waste of paper ever . Instead you 're prompted to go to their website and print off the real handbook ! This is inexcusable , and I expected better from ES.I know that people are craving another RTS from ES , but in all honesty this felt like a big failed experiment . Even Age of Empires with the Rise of Rome Expansion set is funner than this game , since it sadly seems to be more ballanced than Age of Mythology . Buy the AOK gold bundle instead and play a real game , not a failed experiment . Hopefully ES will learn from this and make Age of Empires 3 a worthy sequal instead of the series unworthy cousin .
 My friend bought this game -LRB- luckily i didnt waist my money -RRB- . I borrowed it from him and i kept it for the next 1 and a half hours . I played it , and it sucked . Thats all there is to it . The graphics are about the level you would expect from age of empires 1 , and the fighting was terrible . The new gods and mythical creatures are just boring and it isnt realistic at all ! If i could think of any more insults i would say them . But i cant , so all i will say is ... DO N'T BUY IT !
 This was a really horrible game . It does n't compare t Age of Empires .
 I bought this game expecting the best RTS game to date but instead I got a rehash of every game of this nature ever released . This game is boooooooring . I beat it my first day playing it , on the hardest level because it 's so easy . The characters/units are uninteresting and there is nothing really that good to say about the battles .
 I 've bought all of the `` Age of ... '' games and have enjoyed them more and more with each new release . However , Age of Mythology has broken this trend and taken a step backwards in many ways . The only positive thing is the improved graphics . Everything else is worse . The number of possible opponents is fewer , the world -LRB- playing field -RRB- sizes are fewer and smaller , the number of levels of difficulty is fewer . In the last regard especially it suffers . The step in difficulty from easy to moderate is too large , from too passive to too aggresive opponents in one step . The game also lacks any feeling of strategy other than `` build as fast as you can and then throw everything at your opponent '' . The small world sizes are a part of the reason for this as well and make anything other than 1 on 1 matches too crowded . Save your money and wait for the next one .
 I really have enjoyed age of empires , but this game is one big frustration . I have not been able to actually play the game . It always stops responding after two or three minutes into any part of the game . Microsoft 's customer service has been of no use yet . Their general suggestions is to upgrade everything . When I get a game I do n't want to take all day to download updates so it will work on my computer . My computer passes the requirements posted on the side of the box . Maybe they think everybody buys a new computer every month or so . I have been reading on newsgroups and forums and there are many buyers with similar problems.It might be a fun game if I every get it to run . Save your money until Microsoft comes up with a new version or a patch that will fix it numerous problems .
 Because this game requires `` Administrator Privileges '' to run -LRB- not just install -RRB- I can not recommend this game if you share a computer with others - > especially younger others who may inadvertently do damage as `` administrators '' . You would think Microsoft would have the brains to figure this out ! Their game , their OS , why the handcuffs ???
 I was really annoyed when ensemble said they would be making AoM instead of the next `` age '' game , perhaps `` Age of Imperialism '' , which would go from the colonial period to perhaps the mid-1800s . But since they were making it anyway I thought I might as well try it out . It definitely did n't have the same feel as the other age games . Sure , you started out with a town center and some villagers and a scout , but the 3d just looks bad . And the sounds were n't very good either . And only 3 races ! I was very disappointed . I hope they hurry up and deliver the next age game and make it right next time !
 can u image that this game would make a super computer which is bulit in intel P4 2.1 G , Geforce4 Mx440 , 512 viking Rambus Rimm Memory ... restart a few times when I was playing it ?
 If you are a Age of empire loyalist , do not waste your money on this stinker . After installing it and trying it once , I uninstalled it and went back to Age 1 and 2 . Its nothing like the originals . I 'm a little shocked MSFT could blow a sure thing so badly .
 I find it hard to believe that the world 's most powerful software company is putting out an RTS game in 2002 that is this thin . Do n't get me wrong , I agree with the other reviewers who say that AOM delivers the best graphics of any strategy game to date . In addition to this , I 'd like to add that AOM uses system resources very efficiently -LRB- after 10 hours of gaming I have experienced exactly zero crashes -RRB- , and plays quickly -LRB- no more 12 hour marathons like we had with Age of Empires -RRB- . And suprisingly for an MS product , the game also has pretty darn good instructions -LRB- although you really wo n't need these if you 've ever played an RTS before -RRB- . But , this is why I give it two stars ... 1 -RRB- Very limited selection of warriors and special creatures -- only two types of horseman , two types of footman , and four types of mythic creatures on any one side -LRB- AOE has at least three times as many unit types -RRB- 2 -RRB- Only four levels for Single User Random Map Play -LRB- and this from a game that advertises on the box
 I enjoyed AOE and AOK -LRB- the predecessors to this game -RRB- . AOK was really fun , with a variety of single player campaigns and some variation in how one-off games could be won.AOM includes ONE campaign . It is fun and long and it increases in difficulty with each stage so there is mostly some challenge . It is a little too easy in the first several rounds , but even then it plays with mythological stories in an engaging way . The package would have been better if more campaigns had been included.The real problem is the one-off -LRB- `` random map '' -RRB- games available to single players . These are what make or break an RTS game like this one because they decide whether or not the game is replayable in the absence of campaigns . In AOM , random map games require no real strategic or tactical innovativeness . They are about one thing only
 Looking like a 3D Age of Empires with three separate races almost as different as to be like Starcraft , Age of Mythology had potential to be a great game.Despite being an old game of only 1.5 gigabytes or so , the game ran smoothly , with units moving in formation automatically , looking quite smooth and small . It is still gratifying to see villagers hit a tree with a few axe hits , then see the thing keel over and stay on the ground until it 's been fully chopped , or to see dying units stay on the field , gradually disintegrating into corpses , then into nothing.There 's nothing wrong at all with the engine or the animation or anything . It was fun and highly entertaining . The thing that drags this game down is where all strategy games should shine their brightest
 AOM is one of the worse games Ensemble Studios has put out to date . The game is nothing but a poor remake of the AOE series.If you like the RUSHING in the Age series then you 'll feel right at home with this game for sure.The 3 civs you have a choice from are the `` Egyptian '' which are very weak , the `` Greeks '' which are the easiest to learn and play but still stink compared to the `` Norse '' civ which are to overpowering.The single game has 3 lvls of difficulty , Easy , Moderate and Hard . You will have very little trouble winning on the Easy lvl , but beware on the Moderate lvl . The difficulty makes a big jump from easy to moderate . And thats not even counting the AI cheating , just like it did in the Age series . -LRB- Remember the double Resources the computer player got but U did n't on the Hardest lvl -RRB- Record a game and check it out for yourself . . The Peons -LRB- Laborers -RRB- in AOM are really stupid . You have to take them by the hand and show & tell them what to do . At least in the AOE series the Peons seemed to get a little bit smarter with each expansion . Your melee army are also stupid . And forget about having control over them , cuz you do n't . Even if you have them * stand ground * they do n't listen well . I have to put my army on * stand ground * most of the time because as soon as their out of view they do as they please . And SLOW , slow is n't the word for it . They walk slow , build slow , work slow , and fight slow . Even the horses do n't run fast enought to catch a Peon , unless its your Peon being chased by the enemy.And theres NO game speed control except for one which is called * Lightning Speed * , and that speed stinks ... I gave this a 1 star rating because I feel the reviews were not telling the whole truth about the game . :-LRB- And I read just about all of the reviews I could find before the game went on the shelves.Save your money and spend it on Christmas gifts for your family.Disappointed ~ * Marie ~ *
 the game was great , if it would play for more than five minutes without freezing . i even downloaded the patch from microsoft to deal with the constant freezing and nothing . the few minutes i had were great but if its unplayable what 's the point .
 Beware
 Like other reviewers , I 've been disappointed by recent Microsoft Game releases . AOM is the last straw . There are literally hundreds of video adapters that AOM does not support . My home PC is right out of the box and wo n't run AOM . Think twice before buying this game .
 While at the mall , I was pretty bored of most strategic games . So I picked up Age of Mythology thinking I would be treated to a great gift . But now I have mixed feelings for the game.It is just like ages of empires . The resources are the same and gathering them are the same . But there is a new one called favor . To buy myth units or certain upgrades you need favor . For the Greeks you pray at a temple , Egyptians build monuments , and Norse fight . The Greeks are basically the regular race . The main one in the game . They are okay , but kinda boring after a while . The Egyptians have cool god powers , and do not really need to chop wood for any reason . The Norse are the best , they have the best units and can build quickly with their army . While playing online , Norse always dominate because they build several fortresses right outside your town then attack . Because Norse build buildings with their infantry , they have a huge advantage . But their godpowers are not that great compared to the other races.God powers are given to you when you advance an age . If you advance to a new age you get to pick a minor god to worship , and each god has its own god power . Most of the god powers are kinda lame , and you can just waste . Zeus has a lighting bolt which kills one unit , but does not kill main units in the story , so it has no point . The only good ones are meteor , tornado , plenty vault , and earthquake . Meteor and tornado are the best Egyptian god powers , because they decimate areas of buildings . Earthquake and plenty vault rock . Earthquake belongs to the Greek and totally destroys every building in an area . Plenty vault also belongs to the Greek and provides a steady resource flow.But the fighting gets old . The unit selection is awesome , but still , norse will win . Norse have the best units and just rock . Egyptian do not need alot of wood , so they can be good . Greek needs everything and the only rewarding experience is the 2 god powers I mentioned above . If you truly love ages of empire you can like this game . Most missions result in you killing one unit , then going on to the next mission and rebuilding your base all over . So the campaign gets really frustrating . Especially on moderate where the attacks are constant . In all seriousness , if you want to buy this game go ahead , but please wait till it is on sale .
 I am an avid ` Age ' and RTS fan , having enjoyed all the previous releases ... till now.First let me say , the graphics are great , the best in the series by far.But the graphics will not make up for the lack of enjoyment -LRB- for me -RRB- in the gameplay . I think my biggest concern is the all the differnet gods themselves and their abilities . There is too much focused on magic powers and not on what I enjoy most ... armed conflict , mano-o-mano . I realize the title is Age of MYTHOLOGY , and maybe its just me , but I miss the combat of Empires and Kings which focused on the battle and not figuring out which god will do what , when and which powers to aquire . I do n't mind a little magical power by a priest of the previous Age 's but this is too much.I know a lot of people like the mix of Dungeons and Dragons meets Age of Kings but I do n't . I guess I 'll wait till they get back to a more realistic , C&C / Red Alert style RTS . Maybe we 'll see Age of Industry or Age of Modern Warfare in the future . I can only hope .
 I 'll tell you what I think of this game as soon as it lets me finish a match without crashing.Call me crazy , but I do n't think you should have to have a degree in computer science to get a GAME to work . If you have the requirements -LRB- which my PC MORE than has -RRB- , the game should run . You should n't have to worry about your BIOS or DMA or whether Virus Scan is running to be able to play.I had problems with this literally from install . Then I could n't do little things like adjust the resolution so that I could actually SEE the units . Not that it mattered since it would freeze my entire computer to the point of needing to unplug it a before I even got into the game itself . This one 's going back to the store until I find out they debugged it enough that the average layman can install it and actually play .
 Dear readers , after reading most of the reviews here which were positive with high ratings , I was wondering whether everyone else was playing the same AOM game that I was ! OK , please let me make this very clear , AOM IS NOT THE SAME AS , OR EVEN SIMILAR TO AOK ! It is not even close ! When I first got AOE a few years ago , I really liked it and thought things could n't get better but they did with the release of AOK and then the AOK Conqueror 's expansion pack . I totally love AOK and AOKC , so like most of you I was eagerly awaiting the release of AOM . However , as soon as I got it and started playing , I was deeply dissapointed , the graphics are absolutely AWFUL , NOT even proper 3D , they are not even as good as the graphics of AOK , the gameplay is really LOUSEY , the units move VERY SLOWLY , even though I have a very fast computer with all the extras . There are 3 civilizations , Greek , Egyptian and Norse , they are not very well balanced and this makes the game predictable and boring . The units in general are poorly designed , they are as big as the houses , they lack definition and seem to be neither male or female . The units do things slowly and often do n't follow instructions , they seem to wander off and do their own thing . Also , everything is very small and difficult to see , the scenery is DULL and DEPRESSING . The AI is OK but could be better , there are 36 levels and the end is so stupid that it makes you wonder whether this game was a serious effort or just a cheap product designed to fool AOK fans in to buying it . It is nothing like AOK where everything was crystal clear and one could have fun making plans and executing exciting battles . After the 36 levels are done , the game is more or less useless . Overall , I think that even 1 star is too much for this game , I think MSFT and Ensemble have taken several steps BACKWARDS and seriously need to get back on the `` AOK track '' again ! I was so dissapointed with this game that after completing it -LRB- which only took about 5 days -RRB- , I sold it to a friend for half price ! Next time I will not rush out and buy MSFT 's next offering without playing the demos first ! This game is NOT an extension or improvement of AOK but a stand alone BLUNDER which they seriously need to learn from , it has seriously dented their good reputation . I really hope they can get back to basics and make a better game next time ... In the meantime , I am gon na stick to playing the fantastic AOK and AOK Conqueror 's expansion !
 The first thing I noticed was that the units , buildings , and interface were almost identical to AOE . Though Micrsoft claims that it is 3D for some unknown reason you ca n't rotate the camera . Nothing is 3D except for some of the units which are kinda 3D . Same boring tactics that are used in Aoe . Just more rushing . Not much when compared to Ground control or Earth 2150 . It is better than Starcraft but not by much . Microsoft has donea very bad job at their first attempt to create a 3D game . Also the sides are very similar . Hardly any strategy involved . Por lighting and speciial effects .
 The previous Age of Empire games worked fine on my computer , but this one evidently wo n't because of my video card . This could have been avoided if the packaging had offered more details , but game companies these days would rather let the buyer not beware and then let them get stuck with trying to get their money back . Forget any help from their customer care , either !
 unique program which can cause windows 2000 halt.i have never seen such a program before.this is actually 2D game not real 3Dwhat good it is if the only 3D effect is rotating maps.they spoiled the age of empire series totally
 This is basically just like any other `` Age of '' but with a new engine and new units . The graphics are bland and stale . The units do n't look as if they belong in the same army . They 're just a rabble of disimilar troops.If you want a real strategy game check out Winter of the Wolf the Battle Realms expansion .
 We have an amazing HD television , a 50-inch LCD with a great picture.The Wii does n't export in HD . The games look EXACTLY the same with this cable as they do with the old one . We have a wide variety of games and the definition was the same with all of them.I 'm curious to see how Netflix movies will look coming through the Wii -LRB- when that option is finally available -RRB- on this cable versus the original ... but if the Wii ca n't handle the HD picture , it wo n't matter.Don ' t waste your money on this one until there 's an HD-capable Wii available .
 I ordered one of these cables and was very happy for about 1 hour . The screen went dark and it just stopped working . I returned that and got a replacement thinking maybe it was just a fluke . That never worked at all.My Playstation works fine with the cables that came with it and my VCR component cable worked fine in the same inputs . There was only one thing left with both cables - they were junk ! I would n't recommend them to my worst enemy . Amazon should not even carry them . I 'm returning these too .
 This cable appears to have a very solid construction , with a comically heavy over-engineered sheath around the bundle of individual component cables . However , it almost immediately started showing signs of unreliability , until it became unusable . There was a bad internal connection on the PS2-side of the cable , where the picture would randomly darken , or even go blank . Additionally , the Psyclone logo stickers , which look like they could be grip points , quickly fell off . I would not recommend this cable to anybody . For the same price , the Sony version is less bulky and far more reliable : Playstation 3 Component AV Cable -LRB- which is also PS2 compatible -RRB- .
 Product worked well for games . However picture is incredibly fuzzy when watching DVDs . This product is not worth it . Bought a different brand from FRYs and it worked much better . Save yourself your time and money by not buying this product .
 DID NOT WORK WITH MY SLIMLINE PS2 - NO VIDEO - RETURNED FOR REPLACEMENT TWICENEITHER WORKED WITH A BRAND NEW 52 '' BRAVIA LCD
 Great game but it froze up a lot in `` tour '' mode . Had to return it . Amazon handled return nicely & refunded all charges .
 The guitar controller that came with this game is a piece of junk . Right out of the package , the strum bar did n't work when strummed down . Only when strummed up . Needless to say , it 's being returned . Not really worth the price , if you ask me .
 The strum bar broke after a couple hours of use . Exchanged for a new guitar . We 'll see how long the new one lasts .
 I LOVED Guitar Hero 1 . I bought a PS2 just so I could play Guitar Hero , so I was really anticipating the release of GH2 . On the positive side , the game play itself is much improved . I like the fact that the songs are broken down into sections so you can see how many notes you got right and where the problems are . BUT . The song list is too obscure . The whole POINT of GH is that you can play the songs you 've loved and known . I only knew about 8 of the songs on the whole list . The songs I do n't know are pretty hard core and I 'm not very motivated to learn them . VERY disappointed . Next time please - less metal , more favourites PLEASE !
 Do not buy this game . It is a huge waste of money . Try real guitar or bass instead .
 How could I possibly review a game I have not received ??!!!! I have tried to contact anyone who may have info , to no avail . It has been over 40 days since the order was placed , is there no follow up anywhere ? Or is it take the money and run ?! Furthermore , would n't it make sense for amazon to check on the status of an order before contacting me - for - of all things - A REVIEW ? Insulting . I did quite a bit of shopping with amazon this year , and it will be my last . Now let 's see if a human actually reads this .
 I purchased the item for my daughter . The `` guitar '' arrived broken , because of poor packing . I hope that the `` sender '' remembers to recontact us so we can get another one .
 As with all the games , gets boring really quickly . On a separate note , be sure to read the fine print in the product description-mine was only the guitar , which I did not realize until I noticed the seller description saying &#34; guitar only &#34;
 i did not like this product because it says it is the guitar hero 2 bundle with guitar but its not when i received it , it was only the guitar no game
 I got this cause everyone says you can play xbox games on xbox360 . I ca n't . unless I subsribe to Xbox LIVE . I do n't want to do that . I like COD4 I do n't have to do that . I like HALO 3 I do n't have to join . What 's so bad about being a lone wolf ? I do n't want to join your coop . So anyway I had to buy a $ -LSB- ... -RSB- Xbox360 network adaptor and a wireless network that nobody reads anything or they would have known to buy Netgear rangemax duel band wireless n. Not because it 's the same one they use at starbucks but because you need the 802.11 a not the 802.11 g that 's causing interference with just about everything on the list . and if you can find something with 802.11 a better and cheaper buy it . So I had to buy all that junk for around -LSB- ... -RSB- more . As much as a Xbox 360 , there is no way around it either . So now we will see if there is a software download from xbox360 instead of lettin me make a free disc on our computers . They have a list of xbox games that play on xbox360 on google after I bought this and find out THIS GAME IS N'T ON THE LIST . Seems to me to be alot of hassle and money to play old games on a Xbox360 if you like to play single player . Every game that has this live crap on it sucks .
 This must be a game from the SIMS reject section . I thought it would be cool and that there would be some exciting erotic moments that would make this game edgier than the SIMS . unfortunately , I was so wrong and so misguided . This game plays like a dull version of the older SIMS and does n't offer anything new to that style of game play . The graphics are banal , at best and the interactions are just week . This supposed to be a dating game ? Good lord ... if dates really went like this ... reproducing would be a chore all in itself . Bad game , not at all fun ... and completely not worth the money spent for it .
 This game does not work on Window Vista and there 's no patch you can download either .
 ... FUN ... You know , I expected more from Eidos . I really did . With the whole Lara Croft thing , I think they just blew their creativity . This is a total waste of $ 29.99 so much that I begged Best Buy to take it back . It froze , buggy , the sex -LRB- the only thing I thought was redeeming -RRB- was disgusting and censored , so why bother ? It 's not even worth the shipping , if you 're looking at this . Trust me . Go out an buy Sims 2 Nightlight and at least use your midnight for something interesting .
 I got this for a few bucks and I didnt think that the game made much sence . It got really boring after a while , the graphics are better then sims original .
 What separates this game from the Sims ? Very little . Sure , the graphics are excellent . But overall , a very dull game . It takes WAY too long to establish a loving relationship between the couples .
 This game was ok . It was not as fun as I thought . The whole point of this game is to sleep with your roommate .
 The only thing worse than this game is Singles 2
 I rented the game expecting the worst , seeing as movie-based games are usually less than satisfying . I just wanted to get some laughs out of it , and ended up turning it off after an hour of frusteration.Pros - * The graphics were very impressive . I love how everything is all dark and dirty . It definitely gives the game a certain feel to it . * Apparently Catwoman gets bored as you stand idle , so she breaks into an oh-so-suggestive cutscene , where she begins licking herself and dancing . Simply hilarious!Cons - * Awful camera angles . You have no choice but to blindly trot about and endure the witty cat puns . * The witty cat puns . * Dull , repetitive gameplay . I was hoping for something at least a LITTLE more complicated than holding down R and tilting C so Catwoman can do an endless array of martial arts moves . * Maybe I 'm just cruddy at gaming , but the whole time I played this game I had no idea what the heck I was supposed to be doing . The little captions at the bottom only tell you so much , so , basically , I was left just going around in circles . Even the first level was a chore . * The fun-kay music.So , basically , this is for people who are willing to plop down on the couch and sit through tedious missions involving kicking police officers into dumpsters . If you are n't one of those people , I 'd suggest seeking something a little less patience-searing .
 HOW FUN IS IT TO REALLY BE CATWOMAN?Not fun at all when you ca n't play the game.No . . seriously . You ca n't seem to play this game . The camera angles are unbelievably bad . . -LRB- some of the worst -RRB- and the gameplay is VERY repetative . . Also - When you kill a person , they just get a yellow glow around them . What is up with this game ? EA you can do better , and I hope you start showing it again . . This game is reccomended from me to be intended for a 5 - 7 year old girl with WAY too much free time.The only good thing about this game ? The graphics . That 's it.Believe me - It 's not worth the GREEN . . SKIP ITThis was also voted the worst game of 2004 by Gamepro -LRB- A video game magazine -RRB- But in my opinion . . it 's one of the worst ever.P.S . Reminder
 TRY driving forward with only a rear window view ! - Right ' O Its ALL about looking at the Cat , not at where you are or what U are doing . or Hang on and Dont paws . Hear is a Big one , just let the game idle for the 1-900 cat dance.As STATed by Others , NO View change -LRB- only 2-4 % left or right on the + pad -RRB- There are some Nice moves but if you cant see what you are doing or going then what is the point . Ooops hang on you can use a whip and you look at catwoman all the time . WHO NEEDS TO SEEE WHERE U R GOING?A caption hint to help you with the moves at first but the bullets are flying.I was in great hope of some time alone in the jewelry shop to try out coool moves and views and angles ... Sntch and jump and and and ... -LRB- Wake up dummy your dreaming ! -RRB- NO SUCH LUCK !! You dont have a lot of options as for checking out the city scape ... . you go where you have to because there is no place else.Top it off you have to buy YES Buy moves.I found Only 1 cheat online for this game . . and it was only for a gallery not moves.So why is the price drop from 50 down to 12something ? This game is suitable for April 1st eyeCandy .
 This game was fun for about a week . Then you realize every thing you are doing is the same thing over and over . All the stores are the same , just in different parts of Manhattan or Jersey . I used to look forward to getting home to play this game , but after I took down the Tattaglia Family and a good portion of the Cuneo Family , I just lost interest and never played again . I paid $ 50.00 + tax for a used game and the fun lasted a week . Not the best purchase I ever made . I know everyone here loves the game , and my experience with the game was very much a 5 out of 5 rating , but only for the first few days .
 i wanted this game to be good , but it just did n't do it for me . the godfather is a great move franchise -LRB- minus 3 -RRB- , but i 'd pass on the game if i could do it over again .
 Yes , I must admit , sometimes seeing how big of a wreck you can make is fun , but this is mindless . The graphics are n't what they are often described as - they only look good because there are so many colors and lights and lines , and you 're moving so fast that sometimes you sort of forget about the graphics . Racing is n't so bad , but I have never been satisfied with closed-course racing . When you do a takedown , the camera looks back at the car you just totaled and plays it in slow-motion . Then , all of a sudden , you 're back to racing . This happens so quickly you do n't have time to react ... and then you watch yourself smash into a wall . And this game is so unrealistic - you run into a semi-truck and it goes flying into the air and you never see it again . Obviously , everyone has a different opinion on this game , but if I were you , I would rent it before I spent my money on it .
 Everybody loves to crash , i really like the crash tracks , that is fun by yourself and playing with friends .
 the graphics are pretty good but the gameplay was not good at all . it actually seemed like a step back from madden 05 . a couple fun things that were taken out were the training camp and the ability to challenge calls . after playing a couple of games in a season this game got old and i havnt played it since . the only time i would pull madden 06 out is if friends were over . that really is the only value of this game .
 Madden 06 on the XBOX is clearly a half-baked product . I could almost accept that if game play were exceptional . The graphics are certainly improved , but compared to Madden 06 on the PC , that improvement is marginal . And the gameplay ? Ugh.I wo n't repeat what 's already been said - way too many features have been left off for this game to be acceptable and that 's only the beginning of this game and the XBOX 360 's problems.Comparing the online experiences , Madden 06 on Xbox live is a complete travesty . I rarely experience any lag playing Madden 06 for the PC online , but with Xbox Live , I 've yet to experience a lag-free game -LRB- played 15 games or so -RRB- . There are n't many people playing online either which compounds the problem -LRB- as of 1/29/06 -RRB- . I have a 3 MB/s connection via cable modem so the lagging is n't from me.I wo n't be playing Madden for the XBOX 360 ever again because my shiny new XBOX 360 DESTROYED the disc after only THREE DAYS ! That 's right , after just three days of playing , my Madden disc has scratches on the disc caused by the XBOX rendering it UNREADABLE . Unbelievable . I have n't mishandled the disc in ANY way either and the scratches on the disc are in a circular pattern so it 's obvious where they came from . So not only is Madden 06 a pathetic excuse for `` high definition gaming '' , the XBOX 360 itself has serious issues.I suggest avoiding the huge mistake I made and stay away from BOTH !
 This version of Madden is average ... and that is being generous . There is no commentary from Madden or Al Michaels , and the best EA could do is offer some ridiculous radio announcer to do play by play . Not to mention , this is not a `` run '' friendly kinda game . Terrible game for such a fantastic game console . Save your money and wait till Madden 07 comes out .
 I got this game for christmas the achievements on the 360 that make up your gamerscore it didnt work i havent got a single point on my gamerscore I mean come on I dont see why Santa Claus even gave me this game he sould of got me something alot better if it were up to me I would get rid of this game and make a better one
 First of all , a message to brenn77 `` penguin '' , the 360 was given to the winners of Pepsi 's Every Ten Minutes competition on Saturday , Nov. 19th along with the winner 's choice of Need For Speed
 Has EA gotten too big ? Is it true they 're buying up rights all over the place and then very carefully laying those rights in the toilet and then Clintoning all over them?I believe so . * see `` Batman Begins '' and anything with `` 007 '' on the case.The STADIUMS look good , yes . SOMETIMES the players look cool . But the camera is awful -- so bad that when you 're lining up , it goes into an extreme close-up of your quarterback , and then falls to his chest -- as if it were hoping to find breasts there.The gameplay is terrible , sluggish , ridiculous . The players STILL look like muscle-bound midgets . No offense to midgets you know but -- I 'd like it to look somewhat even remotely close to being as cool as NFL 2K5 . The announcing is absolutely horrible , and I 'd just gotten to the point where I wanted to kill Madden . After hearing this s$@# I miss the hell outta ' the turducken eating fat bastard.The good ? The kicking system is sweet . The crowd and sideline animations are nice for a change.Oh yeah -- no create-a-player . Is n't that why we all went ape-s@#$ over football in the first place ? Yeah.EA is the worst game company in the industry ... and also the best-selling . What a friggin ' dichotomy . I guess until their contract with the NFL runs out I 'll be football hungry.Oh and how about that `` Madden Curse '' taking hold of McNabb this season ? Hehehe ... God I hate this game .
 EA rushing this version of the game , combined with the new game engine made this game actually unenjoyable to play . First of all , there are features that have been in the Madden series for years now , not to mention features that are in every sports game made nowadays , that are not included in the game .1 -RRB- There is no control of the camera . Not in any menu . The default is right behind the running back , just above his head . It is very difficult to see where you are if you are playing the d line . You can press the right or left triggers to zoom way out , but once you do that you can not zoom back in before the snap .2 -RRB- THERE IS NO FANTASY DRAFT AT ALL3 -RRB- Not only is there no fantasy draft , there are absolutely , literally , no options when one starts a franchise . You pick a team , and then you see the preseason schedule .4 -RRB- THERE IS NO WAY TO SHOW THE LOS . The game shows the first down line and that 's it . You ca n't ever see the line of scrimmage , and it 's pretty hard to tell where you are in relation to the LOS given the new , low-to-the-ground camera angle .5 -RRB- With the new game engine , everything and everyone seems to move really really fast . It 's difficult to explain well . After playing the xbox version of madden , it 's like everything 's been speeded up by 50 % . Also with the new engine , people move around like they have no mass , no momentum ; they turn on a dime , much like the NFL 2K games . It really detracts from the new realistic player models , which look really good , if not a little too muscular and veiny .6 -RRB- THERE IS NO RUMBLE ! IS THAT A JOKE ? You may not notice it when you play this year 's version , but the rumbling is really very helpful to let you know when the game registers a hit and so on .7 -RRB- There is no smart route system , where you can make someone 's route extend to the first down marker if it does n't by default .8 -RRB- Now , only B button changes player , so when you pass the person you are trying to get to , you ca n't press A anymore to go back and be him , you have to press B ten more times to go all the way around again . What makes this more annoying is that THERE IS NO OTHER FUNCTION ASSIGNED TO THE A BUTTON ON DEFENSE BEFORE THE SNAP , and of course you ca n't put `` change player '' there , because that function is assigned to B . You can hold B and press a direction to choose a person however , which mollifies the situation a little bit .9 -RRB- Now , to give a player a hot route , you have to use the botched pre-snap player selection system to actually get your blue icon under the reciever , and then press Y , and then press the direction . This method is more cumbersome , and it also makes it clear to your opponent -LRB- if it 's a human -RRB- what reciever you are giving a hot route . The old system was better all around . I just do n't understand .10 -RRB- When choosing plays , the individual play you are selecting is shown , not just the button for the play . Although the play-calling menu is much better , why would n't they just do that part right ? It is made clear which play you choose in multiplayer against a human on one local 360 . It does n't ruin multiplayer by any means , but it 's harder not to notice your opponent 's play .11 -RRB- YOU CA N'T CHALLENGE PLAYS . I 'LL REPEAT THAT . YOU CAN NOT CHALLENGE PLAYS . IT 'S IN THE GAME , AND IT 'S NOT IN THE GAME . WTF IS THAT ? 12 -RRB- There are n't any minicamp or practice modes , or any minigames at all . Those were easily some of the best parts of the other versions of madden , and you ca n't play them here.Indeed , the graphics are really good . Maybe you should rent it to check them out . It 's one of the few launch games that can run in 1080i , most of them just run in 780p . The gameplay , on the other hand , just is n't fun at all . If you really want to buy it , rent it first . It 's probably not what you were expecting . In my opinion , the lack of almost any options at all and the weird , fast , turn-on-a-dime gameplay really ruin the experience .
 WHERE TO START WELL THIS GAME IS MADDEN 64 JUST LOOKS REALLY GOOD THE RUNNING GAME SUCKS ASS THE PASS IS A LITTLE FUN BUT THE WOW THE AM GUY CALLING THE GAME IS REALLY BAD I TURN IT OFF AND LISTEN TO MUSIC THAT BADI JUST HOPE THE MAKE IT WERE U CAN PLAY NFL2K ON 36O THEY ARE SAYING EA DOES NOT WANT MICROSOFT TO LET US PLAY THE BEST GAME OF ALL TIME I WISH I STILL HAD MY XBOX I MISS GOOD FOOTBALL GAMEBOTTOM LINE THIS IS THE WORST FOOTBALL GAME OF ALL TIME AND IF ANYHTING RENT IT DONT EVEN THINK ABOUT BUYING IT
 IS this what next generation gaming is ??? Pathetic . Microsoft is just trying to take everybodys money again .
 I have to admit ... this is the absolute worst game I 've ever played for either the Xbox or Xbox 360 . I have NFL Madden 2006 for my Regular Xbox and comparitavely speaking the one for regular Xbox is much better . Do n't waste your time or your money on the Xbox 360 version of this game . There are a few ... actually several reasons for this.Okay , so let 's get past the graphics -- it 's an Xbox 360 , the graphics WILL be stunning.Reasons not to by Madden 2006 for your Xbox 3601 -RRB- There is no owner mode for Xbox 360 version like there is for regular Xbox .2 -RRB- There is no super star mode for Xbox 360 version like there is for regular Xbox .3 -RRB- The progress -LRB- of your players -RRB- portion of franchise fails to specify how much your player has actually progressed or degressed .4 -RRB- The controls are cumbersome .5 -RRB- Bland Commentary .6 -RRB- Absolutely no upgrades -- only downgrades .7 -RRB- They 've trimmed the `` fat '' for pretty much all features of this game for the 360 version . this means that if you were to have been fortunate enough to own a 1993 maybe -- 1995 somewhere in there -- version of this game -- well , then that 's what you have for your Xbox 360 except with better graphics ; oh yeah , and the user profile.It 's time to make the switch and see what else is out there . Let 's be honest with ourselves for one moment . We 've been given crap by Madden 's lack of commentary , distastful soundtracks , and shallow gameplay for WAY too long . I repeat again -- DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR YOUR MONEY ON THE MADDEN 2006 XBOX 360 VERSION ... If anything buy the one for the regular Xbox ... it 's a better game !!!
 I ca n't even believe it . Madden 06 for XBOX 360 sucks . The graphics is the only best thing . I ca n't even challenge a TD catch when the computer was obviously out of bounds . I 'm going to keep it , but for anyone out there that 's planning on buying this game DO N'T . Wait until Madden 07 comes out .
 Ironic how the most visually impressive game of the Madden franchise is also the worst one of the bunch.Everything everybody is saying is true . One glaring omission
 Man , I as so excited about getting the new 360 with Madden , it was the only game I pre bought ... My excitment soon went away after I played it ... What 's Good-GraphicsWhats Bad-No challenges-no minicamps-Would move my selected player one way and he would move the other -LRB- I have had not had this problem on ANY other games -RRB- - One game I played my running back fumbled 6 times IN A ROW , how realistic is that and when I fumbled my own team would clap..HUH...-horrible franchise mode-Every time I threw the ball to the Z receiver it would be thrown out of bounds-Everytime I scored a touchdown the person would have one of two celebrations -LRB- sometimes the same one for both teams throughout the entire game -RRB- There are numerous other things that I can not rememeber ... I ended up exchanging the game for NBA 2K6 because it was so bad -LRB- also the retailer said this was the most returned game for 360 -RRB- ... And to top all of this off EA games customer support was very un helpful ... Before I spoke to them I was going to purchase next years Madden , but that changed after I spoke them ... H # $ % NO . They would not even acknowledge that this was poorly made game even after the rep said they have had alot of calls on poor gameplay ... I have played EA games since 92 ' -LRB- madden , live , and hockey -RRB- and I will NEVER purchase another again not even Medal of Honor ... EA would not even give coupons or anything to value me as a customer ... I know I am just one person , but I have probably spent thousands of dollars on EA games and now I will not spend another dime ... It seems like EA got the EXCLUSIVE football license and felt they did not need to make even an average game because they dont have any competition ... GOODBYE EA
 It looks like a clear case of rushing a game to the stores even though it is n't finished . They simply dropped whole chunks of the game that are standard on other platforms . They also favored looks over play.I do n't know about the rest of you , but if I want a cool , realistic looking game , I 'll WATCH the NFL . If I have a controller in my hand , I want a game that PLAYS well . This one is lacking . I was particularly disappointed in the lack of a player draft . Drafting your own team to play against friends is one of the coolest parts of video football , why would they leave it out ?
 Save your money and do n't buy this madden 2006 . As a die-hard Madden fan I was surprised at all the extras that were left out . The graphics are top notch but you also need gameplay which is just as important.If you have played the one on XBOX do n't bother with this . You do n't even get any commentary ! You get some lame radio announcer . Another big feature that was left out was an in-game save option . So much was left out it does n't even feel like a Madden game . If anyone has some extra cash they want to waste and buy my used copy please visit my Ebay store
 This is by far the worst madden game I 've ever bought ... . If you like every pass play to be a touchdown , this is your game ... else , you should probably pass .
 Since the 360 was made in the middle of madden season i guess they did an ok job on getting it out . but ya Quality in graphics , no quality in gameplay . The only reason i did not sell at gamestop for 10 dollars was because teh online gameplay is ok , but the second 07 comes out im sellin this and gettin that . 06 has about no features , no fun in franchise , and no intellectual deseign . Well hopefully 07 wil bring back the features . YOu cant edit rosters on 06 either .
 As i just said this game is bad . No cheat cards , too easy kicking , ca n't squib kick , ca n't make own team/fan/player , retarded AI on your team -LRB- Seriously , i threw the ball and the reciver went the opposite way -RRB- , too smart AI on the other team , only 2 players instead of 4 , dos n't have the international teams , and your friend ca n't play on the same team as you . I played the 07 version and it 's much better . So please do america and yourself a favor and get Madden 07 . -LRB- In that one you have the players comin ' out of big football helimts !!! -RRB- .
 When i got it , it was n't scrached at all . But when I try to play it , it was just a demo of a Clifford game . It kept on freezing and I wasted over 60 $ on this game . Terrible !!!!!!!
 lets start with i spend 3 days on my way to kuwait looking for a 360 just for madden , found it then started the franchise and was horrified on the game play and all the animations were gone . i won the superbowl and got an end game with no celebrating . i love maadens celebrations and cut scenes but they are gone . training camp is gone too wtf . ea better fix 2007 or they will lose a lot of money . so this is a weekend retal do not waste 60.00 dollars .
 Terrible game ! You ca n't even challenge the jakced up calls they make . Challenging the plays is a basic part of the game of football these days , so why didnt they think to put that into the game ?
 The best analogy for Madden 360 is , it 's `` a pretty girl with no personality '' . Sure , the graphics are unbelievable , especially on HDTV , but this game plays like an arcade game . Between `` Play Now '' and a severely weak `` Franchise '' mode , I am very hesitant to recommend this game to anybody . The lack of features , such as no challenge , no fantasy draft , no mini-camp , no superstar mode -LRB- not really a bad thing , but it 's still not there -RRB- , no create-a-player , and many ingame features that are too many to list . John Madden himself , does n't even make an appearance in the game , which leads me to believe that the game was rushed through production . Overall , I would say that this is a great `` Demo '' of what Madden 2007 should look like , hopefully they will bring back the features that we 've come to expect from the Madden series .
 A decent game for the XBOX 1.5 . Although for a supposedly next generation system it is completely pathetic and underwhelmning .
 I have been a hardcore sports gamer since the introduction of the atari , and this is one of the most disappointing games that I have ever played . The only thing exceptional about this game is the graphics . When I saw the commercial for it , I was immediately excited only to have my excitement met by extreme disappointment . The controls are terrible and the defense is even worse.EA could take a real look at sega sports NFL 2K5 and try to replicate that because that is in my opinion still the best football game ever . For anyone who loves sports games , steer clear of this unless you pay $ 10 or less for it .
 I was all excited after playing 06 on the PS2 . If I could summerize this game in one word , it would be `` diseased '' . EA really could of done something special here and missed the ball completely . The franchise mode is lackluster and the game play is somewhat lame . Skip this one and hope 07 comes back strong
 junk that says it all but all of ea launch titles were i think they should 've refunded our money for these launch titles but thats why they went from first to third . they still are doing this just look at dragon age : origins another unfinished game
 I am a hugh lover of John Madden games , I have been playing John Madden since the Sega Genesis era . I now own the new John Madden for the Xbox 360 and I am very disappointed . How can there be any football played without refs on the field , there are no chains for measurement . Also there are n't any way to challenge a call this is unheard of , no edit mode or anything . I think EA Sports should have a recall on all of their Madden games .
 the only reason i gave this game 1 star is because it wouldnt let me give 0 stars , or negative stars . no superstar mode , franchise mode blows . if you feel like wasting 60 bucks , you will get more out your money if you just set it on the ground and walk away .
 Madden 06 was the first game I purchased for the 360 . However , after playing it and comparing it to the other Madden 06 's it fell short and dissapointing . Perhaps the only good pointer in my opinion is the graphics , those are pretty good but everything else just does n't live up to game.Some dissapointments I had were that they took the challenge plays mode out . Boy , do you want to challenge a play when a defensive lineman hits you when are throwing the ball ... so instead of a forward pass incomplete , you get a fumble and they run it back for a touchdown ... very frustrating . Besides that , EA took a lot of other features of game playing out ... John Madden himself is not even the announcer now -LRB- unless you call his plays when play calling -RRB- . There are many more they left out of the game , but one of my other biggie was there is NO vibration feedback at all ! EA even stated that they did n't have vibration feedback for this particular game ... talk about `` next-gen '' huh . Overall , again the only pointer is for the graphics , if you want a good football game worth the price wait until Madden 07 and see if that improves , otherwise do n't be expecting much from Madden 06 for the 360 this year ...
 At first , I really liked it . It 's nice looking , plays well , ... anyway . You ca n't even play past the 3rd week in Franchise Mode because of a roster problem . It wo n't let you simulate or play certain games , and you ca n't play past an incomplete week . The manual is absolutely horrible , and online play is really slow/skippy , whereas other Xbox 360 games have been perfect and smooth online.None of these things even matter , though , as the support staff is unresponsive , and the game ca n't be completed . I 've been looking around for days for a solution , but this games primary audience , 13-year-olds , are n't really the most instructive .
 What a waste of money . This game is so stripped down in all facets of the game except graphics . My friend and I sat down to run competing franchises , and we were so disappointed that we plugged in the original xbox to play the REAL Madden ' 06 . Save your money and wait for ' 07 .
 Madden NFL has been around for quite a while , and has built up an incredible reputation . The XBox 360 launch release has great graphics - but a few flaws.Let 's start with the great parts . We have a high definition TV and the graphics were just gorgeous . You can see the details of the face , the definition of the muscles , the details of the uniforms . The stadiums have signs in them promoting the home team.That being said , we noticed some issues with graphics right away . Some of the camera angles are just awful , and made it really hard to connect a player with a ball . The fans in the stand look like robots . Also , with the incredible detail they put into the character models , some simply are n't right.I 'm happy to deal with even mediocre graphics if the gameplay is stellar . After all , it 's the gameplay that keeps you going for months and months . We ran into problems here , too , though . The XBox 360 console crashed only halfway through our first game - and that was only the beginning.You ca n't challenge plays , either , even though some seem mighty suspect.There might be some players who really like the changes , and who can deal with the crashes and bugs . If you think that might be you , then certainly rent it for a week and see . After a week you should be able to tell how well you enjoy it and if you want to buy it . I definitely feel this is a test-before-you-buy title .
 One word describes this game , `` rushed '' ! It is so blatantly obvious that EA `` rushed '' this game to the market to coincide with the release of the XBox 360 just to show off their new and improved player models . As some of you already know this happens , but I really did n't expect it from a company like EA . This game was absolutely horrible . Here 's the funny thing , before a game that I played with Pittsburgh they were showing `` Big '' Ben Roethlisberger standing beside Hines Ward and they were the exact same height , mind you Ben is 5 inches taller than Hines . Now normally this would n't bother me so much , but if the only purpose in releasing the game was to show off the realistic player models , how could this happen ? Oh yeah , the camera sux !!! On the plus side , the fans look pretty cool -LRB- sarcasm -RRB- . They totally stripped down the franchise mode . I dont ' like the new play calling menu screen . We 've been using the same system for how many years now , and i 've never heard a complaint about it , why change now?People , do n't waste your hard earned money on this title . I 'm sure that next years will be a gigantic step up from this one because quite frankly it could n't get worse
 How disappointing ... What a beautifully polished turd.Why is there even a franchise mode ?? , they cut so much from it that its just a shell of its former self ... I 'll put it this way , there are so many flaws , and it is so unbalanced and clunky -LRB- gameplay wise -RRB- , that ESPN football from last year was more enjoyable than this.all this game does is look good . The low point of my favorite series ever .
 This is one of my all-time biggest disappointments . Say goodbye to everything you liked about Madden . They axed a ton of features that seperated this game from all the other football games . Online play has suffered , the fantasy draft is no more , you ca n't even challenge plays ! Graphically , it looks amazing but that 's the only improvement . It honestly feels like you 're playing a demo and you 're denied access to all the functions that make the game worth buying .
 Being a hardcore gamer like myself , this Madden NFL 06 on the 360 is the worst Madden game I have ever played . So many features were taken out of the game that does n't make it enjoyable.Pros :1 . Excellent graphics2 . Radio commentary average but needs extra play by play man .3 . NFL Sounds of game were pretty good .4 . EA Trax -LRB- Every track was perfect for the game ! -RRB- Cons :1 . No Instant Replay . -LRB- Receivers get away with too many out of bound passes ! -RRB- 2 . No deep franchise mode .3 . Offensive and Defensive Playmakers controls removed .4 . Madden cam was very poor . It zooms in on the running back more than the whole field . U have to press the Right Trigger to see the whole field . By the time you do that play clock runs out sometimes .5 . Players do n't move real enough like in the first-gen Madden 06 on the PS2 or Xbox .6 . More offensive minded game than defensive minded . I prefer a more balanced game like the first-gen Xbox/PS2 style .7 . The Playbooks menu was a bit confusing at times during gameplay.Save your money on this game and buy I different Xbox 360 game that 's worth it . I 'll trade in my Madden 360 game very soon . If you really want Madden this year than buy it on the PS2 / Xbox.Wait until Madden NFL 07 for the Xbox 360 comes out next year .
 There are lot of `` unfortunates '' in this situation ... 1 -RRB- It 's unfortunate that i just got my 360 and this is the first game i played2 -RRB- It 's unfortunate that my bank account had to lose an additional $ 60 b/c i thought that the game would at least be comprable to ESPN 's X-box version being that they assisted with graphics in this Madden game3 -RRB- It 's unfortunate that the game does n't even have the simple things like . . `` CHALLENGING A CALL !!! '' How the heck can you make a football game in the year 2005/6 without a challenge option is beyond me . That 's like making a swimming game and having no false starts ! 4 -RRB- It 's REALLY unfortunate that I am taking the game back tomorrow to trade it in ... 5 -RRB- Unfortunate that i am so disappointed in this game that i am writing this ... 6 -RRB- Unfortunate that the NFL sold their rights to this crappy developer for 10 years . . STUPID !! ESPN 's version was soooooooooo much better , graphically and amenities wise.Bottom line , i would n't even rent it b/c it has nothing to offer except for a good graphic display ... and i can always watch the real thing if i 'm really bored . lol
 First of all I must say that the game is beautiful . The upgraded environments and player profiles are stunning . With that said however ; EA ... what were you thinking with this game ! I am a lifer when it comes to this series and I could not be more disappointed with the removal of certain game features -LRB- just ridiculous -RRB- . The camera modes and lack of them are just awful , the movements of the players look like they are power walking when running , and the playcalling menu really should not have been changed . I 'll buy your next release but do n't break my heart again .
 There is something wrong when I buy an XBOX 360 and I have to go play my old madden 2006 on the old XBOX to get a quality game . Other than the graphics this game sucks majorly ... . a huge step backwards . The players move slower , you ca n't change individual defensive assignments , no challenges , the offensive line movement doesnt even seem like the lines moves at all , you have to relearn what every button does on the controller , -LRB- Why would they change what almost every button does ? The controller isnt that much different -RRB- , performing hot routs is harder , Offensive Juking doesnt even look like the player Jukes at all , no fantasy draft , no superstar mode , no create a player , dang I could go on and on . EA SPORTS games are the reason why I bought the XBOX 360 . I bought two titles so far
 Okay ... a lot of reviewers have stated the flaws of this game , I 'll get to some of the specifics . As a Madden fanatic , I found it dissapointing that all of the great features Madden has added over the years , suddenly did n't appear in this game .1 . Madden isnt in the game . The commentary is terrible . It reminds me of NFL Blitz ... uggh .2 . No superstar mode .3 . No individual playmaker abilities . I loved being able to blitz which ever LB or Corner I wanted using playmaker . Now it seems like you call the defensive play and have little control over how it turns out .4 . No Madden . Can this be emphasized enough ! 5 . Yes the camera is bad ... but its not horrible .6 . No play challenges .7 . When you run the ball it seems like the player AI takes over . Once the runner has contact with the defense you cant control him .8 . QB vision cone is really awkward . I liked it on the original xbox , in this game its so difficult to use , every time I use it my QB pumpfakes , and then gets sacked .9 . Online and vs the computer in the playcalling screen it is hard to tell what formation the offense is using . You have to back to the first playcalling screen , by the time you do this online you no longer have time to call a decent defensive play suited for your opponents personnel.That said , yes the graphics are pretty , and I actually like the new playcalling options . But overall this game is terrible .
 If the gameplay was as detailed as the PS2 version , this game would have rocked . The graphics are superior . They really dropped the ball of gamming options ... some of the key things missing was no Superstar mode . You ca n't build and devolpe you own player for a career . No challenge of plays . I am sure there are several other things missing , after playing it about 4 or 5 times , I quit playing because it was no fun . I hope the 2007 edition will be better . Re-wrap it and give to someone as a present .
 I RECENTLY WENT OUT AND BOUGHT THIS GAME AS MY FIRST GAME FOR THE 360 . BIG MISTAKE , I SHOULD HAVE WAITED UNTIL 07 CAME OUT CAUS I AM SURE IT WILL BE MUCH BETTER . . -LRB- BETTER BE OR IM DONE WITH MY FAVORITE GAME , AND ONLY REASON I HAVE A GAME CONSOL IS TO PLAY MADDEN , OH AND BATTLEFIELD 2 WHEN IT COMES OUT FOR THE 360 -RRB- THE GAMES GRAPHICS ARE SOMEWHAT BETTER BUT EVREYTHING ELSE SUCKS . I DO LIKE SOME OF THE NEW PLAY CALLING FEATURES LIKE , THE KEY PLAYER OPTION . YOU CANT EVEN CHALLENGE PLAYS , CHANGE PLAYER POSITIONS -LRB- FOR EX . IF U WANTED TO CHANGE ROY WILLIAMS TO HIS ORIGINAL POSITION FREE SAFTEY U CANT UNLESS U JUST PLACE HIM THEIR ON THE DEPTH CHART LOWERING HIS RATINGS , YOU ALSO CANT CREATE PLAYER OR CHANGE NAMES , OH YEA WHAT HAPPENED TO THE SUPERSTAR MODE ??? DID EA JUST NOT CARE OR RUN OUT OF TIME OR $ ? NOT TO MENTION SOME OF THE BASICS I NOW RELIZE I MUST HAVE TAKEN ADVANTAGE OF ON THE ORIGIONAL XBOX GAME . I THINK EA SHOULD REFUND EVREY1 THAT BOUGHT THIS GAME BY SENDING THEM 07 FREE OR AT LEAST TAKING SOME OFF THE PRICE BY BRINGING 06 IN FOR EXCHANGE -LRB- THEN HELL FREEZES OVER HUH ? -RRB- WARNING DO NOT BUY MADDEN 06 FOR 360 ... WAIT TIL 07 COMES OUT ...
 EA you suck at making sports game and every other type of game on the market . Your madden game of 2006 is the same as the 2004 edition . The graphics looks identicle , 1 useless feature is added and you charge full price . Its pethetic . Your games suck . i played a game without ever touching my controller on defense ! isent that amazing ! The computer controllers my character and plays defense . i dont need to touch anything . The AI and the graphics are not even close to next generation . dont buy this crap or 2007 , becuase it will be the exact same game .
 The new Madden game is a decent game but what the Graphics do for it the game modes take away . First off there is no practice mode . I could live without that but there is also no fantasy draft for your franchise mode . It also lacks the ability to challenge plays during the game and to save a game that is already in progress , if you 're playing the computer . There is not a accelerated game clock either . This is not a real big deal , it 's just something that will get annoying every now and then . Overall it is still a great game with outstanding graphics but EA has a little bit of work to do in the future .
 EA Sports took a huge step backwards with this game , took out most everything that was fun in '05 -LRB- you think I 'm joking -RRB- , and all they did was update the graphics . Even the gameplay took a step back . I have owned every madden game since it was on the super nintindo , and this has got to be one of the most defective in the series.If you are looking for a football game , Madden 07 is ok , they fixed a lot that was broken with this one , but it would be smart to wait for Madden 08 . Because of the `` next-gen '' engine that they were working on for this one and 07 , they are still ironing out a lot of the kinks , however having played Madden 07 , I feel that Madden 08 will finally be worth our money , so steer clear of this one and wait a couple months .
 My title says it all really , this is the most backward sport ever created . It is so boring , throw it , catch it move forward a few yards , drop it , start again and every 30 seconds the clock stops and some t ** t with only the very basics of the english language swaps the players round . If you want to watch a real sport watch the world cup in germany later this year along with the rest of the world . The world cup is football at its best and will be great , where you will see real football played with feet , hence the name football . Whereas american footbal is played with the hands . RETARDS
 After many hours of playing , I really enjoyed this game . It 's a very cool game . Lots of fun , and really cool graphics.I would highly recommend this game , as it 's really cool . It 's so much fun to play I went without sleep for 14 days , and spent 2 nights in the hospital because I stopped eating because there was no time as I was playing this totally cool game.Thanks for reading my review . I am # 1 !
 The graphics in this game are pretty unimpressive , and the game play is ackward . Me and my husband both do n't like it , expected a LOT more !
 If you love golf games this is a must buy . However , because EA has exclusive licenses for all of sports , you have no choice . I still think Links was the best ever for gameplay . Overall I like this game , but the graphics are not that much better on the 360 . I did n't think the word WOW at all . If being Tiger while playing , you can not be beat by anyone . They made that way too easy . My buddies and I find that the putting is way too easy.I got mine from the big auction website , so I only paid $ 40 which included shipping . That makes it ok for me . I would never pay $ 60 as it is no where near worth $ 60 . Almost anything EA is not worth $ 60 .
 This game is the worst EA sports game I have ever played . Everything about this game is sub par compared to the other TW Golf games and is rip off for XBOX 360 owners . Do n't bother with this POS !! Shame on you EA Sports ... offer up the worst golf game ever just to be on XBOX 360 console and cash in . I feel cheated !!
 This game , especially now that the original Xbox game is $ 29.95 , is complete robbery . The Xbox 360 version sports only 6 courses compared to the 11 courses on the original Xbox and this version is filled to the brim with bugs.For example , when playing a tournament , on the final hole , the putting line will mysteriously disappear -LRB- this actually happens countless times throughout the game , but interestingly enough , I 've noticed it appears most often when you 're about to finish a round -RRB- . Also , as you make your last putt , the announcers will often say `` That 's a tie atop the leaderboard ! '' or `` That 's for a share of the lead . '' when you 've actually won the tournament . Announcements will also come late , for example , when you 're putting and the announcer calls out that you 're 170 yards from the hole . Top that off with the fact that their putting advice is n't just useless , it 's often totally wrong.The online version of this game is using EA 's own front-end , as they have in the previous TW games . If you have n't experienced how bad it is , consider yourself lucky . Game drop-outs -LRB- which are tallied on your personal Xbox profile -RRB- are far more likely EA 's fault then a sour player . EA even taunts us by directly telling us that the only way they 're going to update their 4-question online FAQ is if we send them a question `` wrapped in cash preferably twenties . `` EA has never offered additional courses for download . There is no `` download '' menu item in the Xbox Live menu of this game , and I will personally fly to EA and buy every member of the TW06 team a copy of this over-priced , over-rated game , if they ever offer even a single course . It simply wo n't happen because they do n't care.This game has a `` fall-behind , catch up '' feature , so bad that , if you 're winning the tournament , Tiger Woods will come out of no-where on the 3rd day and score an impossible round . For example , he shot a hole-in-zero -LRB- yes , you read that correctly -RRB- on a par 3 to catch up to me on the back nine . He 'll also take the lead in the tournament . The reason this is done is so that you can do `` head to head '' against Tiger . However , it also ruins any course records you 've worked hard -LRB- and fairly -RRB- to earn.The final nail in this game 's coffin is that the system `` cheats . '' And by that , I mean that the controls on the system will mysteriously pull -LRB- left or right -RRB- or push -LRB- over the green -RRB- your shots when you 're too far in the lead , or making an early gain at the beginning of the higher tournaments . If you want an example , try making the exact same eagle approach shot in one of the major tournaments when you 're ahead and behind . If you 're the leader , you wo n't ever hit the green , if you 're the leader , you 'll never hit the green , if you 're a few shots behind , you 'll - amazingly - land near the pin.For the price of this game , you should really go out and play a real round of golf . You wo n't be giving lazy developers any of your hard earned money and you 'll be playing at a far nicer course than EA has virtually created .
 this ruins the game completely ! . . the pre-swing power tap button/spin control is the left button ... right by the swing stick ! ... that means while you 're pulling and pushing your swing back and then forward you also need to , with the same hand , tap your power button ... then if you even get a little power going its so difficult to do that your shot inevitably goes awry ... then to spin the ball a certain direction just takes genius that no one possesses ... you cant do al that with one hand ... I went into the controller configuration and tried to change the controller to the way i liked it and it wont let you change that button ... im not kidding ... dont believe me then buy the game and you 'll see for yourself . . the other versions had the power/spin control button on the right side of the game ... it worked well ... putting sucks as well and the graphics look like the old game ... not impressed at all ... 60 bucks down the drain ...
 I really enjoyed Tiger Woods 2005 , so I decided to pick up the 2006 version for XBOX 360 . Let 's put it this way
 Whew ! they got it out for xbox 360 release date I think the graphics where as good on the TW 2004 C'mon EA there aint nothin special about this game even in HD save your money .
 this is the first golf game on the 360 and it shows . unachievable achievements meaning there not unlockable not very fun .
 The game did NOT have 20 leagues , they do n't have any league.No carreer modeFifa 2005 is still the best soccer game.Do not worth the priceIt has like 25 % of the total features of fifa 2005What 's wrong with eaSports ?
 This game is even worse than the Road to the World Cup from 2002 . I have been playing FIFA soccer games since World Cup 98 was out on the Sega Genesis . This is by far the worst of all of them . I would rather play FIFA 98 on Sega than this game on 360 . The game play is terrible
 You are better off buying Fifa World Cup 2006 ... The accual World cup soccor game . I made the mistake of buying Road to the world cup . You do n't play in the world cup on this one !! Also you dont get the new jerseys for the teams . Once I realized I had the wrong game I immediately retuned Road to the world cup . I bought Fifa World Cup 2006 , and the game is awesome ! New jerseys and the Cutscenes are astounding . Refs are just as hard as the ones in the real world cup . It adds to the realism . Playing the game with friends always is fun too . -LRB- especially on a plasma ! -RRB- All in all , Im telling you that the Fifa World Cup 2006 is your best bet . Not Road to the world cup . Dont make the mistake I did and get them confused .
 This is probably the worst game ever created . It 's an xbox 360 filler game . It was only put there so EA sports could say they have a soccer game on the 360 . It 's a sad excuse the designers took about 2 hours to create this game at most . Passing is terriable . At times the player just bumps the ball 4 feet in front of him so that the opponent can just jog on thru and take the ball . I crossed the ball from the outside into the box probably 20-25 times in one game and everytime it was the same repeatitve thing of the opponent heading the ball away . It 's not harder to score then other games it 's just idiotic . The other team can score form 50 yards but you almost have to be behind the goalie to get your shot to go in -LRB- in less of course your losing then it let 's the goals go in to keep a close game -RRB- . It 's just a very bad game and just wanting to warn everyone that this in not the game to buy . I 'm going to see what FIFA world cup is like it sounds so much better . But this it 's a sad excuse . It does n't even have all the international teams ... heck Canada is n't there and is n't that EA 's country . Oh and the ratings for players , you can tell that was favorized USA is like rated 70 something and Italy 84 did n't USA tie Italy which was a controversy that USA should have won the game . How can this be that they are only like 73 or what ever . It 's a joke .
 I have been a nba live fan forever and this 2006 copy may have ruined it for me . the screen shots are HORRIBLE , no francise mode , you can be 3 feet tall and block a players shot whos 7 feet tall ... I would give this game away to anyone who wants it . . this was a major rush job and if the xbox 360 is gon na continue to put out games like this i 'll go to Sony
 Live takes a below and beyond fall in it 's competition with the 2K seriesPros : - Sweet graphics -LRB- On close ups , you can see the fantastic modeling on your favorite NBA players , and sweat -RRB- - Marv Albert and Steve Keer comentating-Updated rosters-Still got create a player modeCons : - The camera angles are so poor it makes a bum seem as rich as the creator of this console . -LRB- Seriously , I ca n't see layups or dunks for the life of me cuz of the crappy camera angles . -RRB- -2 Modes !? -LRB- This systems younger cousin had a crapload of more varietey than this usless excuse for modes -RRB- - No superstar abilities -LRB- Well , everything from the previous version was just flat out stripped , including the modes -RRB- - The gameplay went from fast-paced to slow . -LRB- Now I 'm in a diffrent paced limbo . I 'm used to rabbit speed , not a turtle -RRB- - Too many blocks -LRB- Not a issue in the previous version , but I find me playing as Tim Duncan going for the dunk , and getting swatted by Chauncy billups . Ok now they 've done something you never seen before . Good job EA !! -RRB- - Ah , impossible free throw shooting -LRB- You know , I might have been able to eventually get over not having other modes , as long as I could win ! Free throws just blow more than wind . I mean , they just completley threw away their old chemestry , and invented a crappy new one . Using the R trigger to go down and up . You ca n't limber to the left or right even a bit , and if your free throw shooter is 65 % or below and on superstar , ods are you 're gon na miss even if you get it right . I mean it is n't ingenious at all . I lost by 3 points on superstar against the Heat by going 2/33 at the free throw line -LRB- And I am dead freakin ' serious about that -RRB- . And I was leading near the end , but the kept fouling me , I kept missing , and they came back like a bad memory . The free throws just ruin everything , since I ca n't win , almost at all . My last shot is always blocked ! -RRB- NBA Live 06 is just another reason for bEe gAy sports to just bow down to the 2k series and seriously just give up . I mean even Madden blew donkey butt . With this masterpeice of crap EA just completley lost all my trust in them . I thought the Xbox version of NBA 06 sucked , man when I got a taste of this I vomited and thanked God I still kept my Xbox version . I mean at least in that game I can hit free throws to still win . I was hoping EA was holding out to make this better on the 360 , but the took a giant crap on me and many other EA fans who bothered to shell out 10 more bux than the Xbox version to see if it would pay off and it did n't . No body should buy this overpainted version of NBA Live 2002 -LRB- That was the last live game to have 2 modes -RRB- . Go get 2k6 -LRB- At least it stays to it 's chemestry -RRB- peace
 This is the worst NBA Live out on any large gaming platform -LRB- PS2 , XBOX , GAmecube , heck even PSP -RRB- . The graphics with this game are not that much better than on regular XBOX , so if you are buying a 360 for this game please stop it . There are not many features on this game . No dunk contest , not all star weekend , nothing , nada . This game basically sucks . If you want a good basketball game for this system that does n't sacrifice itself for marginially better graphics , get NBA 2K6 . This game has great graphics , great realistic gameplay , more modes , and interesting side gimmicks .
 A Sports ' NBA Live 06 was unimpressive and felt dated on the current generation consoles . They decided to go for another shot with Live 06 on the Xbox 360 , and I 'm disappointed when I say that there 's still a lot to desire with this version of the game.When you read this , you 're reading it correctly
 When EA 's biggest gimmick is a 30 second commercial of shaq sweating , you know you have problems . Without dynasty mode and various other features , Live stands incomplete leaving the user looking for their receipt . It 's obvious that Live 's transformation into the next-generation was rushed in hopes of getting the game out in time for the xbox 360 release . The gameplay is slow , there are major camera glitches -LRB- there are times when the camera completely loses sight of the game -RRB- , to put it simply , the game is just boring . The one bright spot however is its graphics . Looking past the sweat , the player animations are extraordinary . Recognizing your favorite players are not a problem . In all , after playing Live 2006 , you realize it actually offers less than its xbox and PS2 counterparts . If you 're looking for a good basketball game , I suggest getting 2k6 .
 Well , I was looking for the best NBA game to play on my new Xbox 360 and I must say this one does n't cut it . It 's gameplay is sluggish and there is too much missing . .1 . No Franchise mode ??? How can you not have a franchise mode in today 's basketball games ? It 's a strong building block for any basketball or football game now really .2 . No Dunk , 3pt , or any kind of special mode ?? This is n't 1993 guys . This is 2006 ! 3 . The game just feels roboticThe players , the court , the fans ... It all has a robotic feel . I never once was fooled that an NBA game would be like this . I was playing as the Suns , and it 's amazing how unfluid the game feels ... I think part of the problem is that it wants to be halfsim and half arcade ... The action is slowed down , but you 're still able get a shot basically anytime you want with ease .4 . The players appear to skate around alittle bit . The NBA had this problem with games back in the NBA Shootout days . In fact , this NBA Live reminds me more of that 3rd party series than a game that EA sports should be producing .5 . The camera angles . I actually like to play from the side view , but the camera just ca n't keep up with the action and so you sometimes run out of bounds or get the ball stolen because you ca n't see were you are.I give it 21/2 stars overall . The graphics are pretty good . . Andthe broadcasters are good . The problem is the game falls apart once the game starts and with the lack of features.EA said they 're building from the ground up ? Well , why did they charge people 60 bucks for a freakin demo game basically
 I 'm going to make this short . I was disappointed . The graphics are nice , but the game play is just average . NBA jam back in the early ninties is was more fun this game .
 It 's hard to give an honest review of NBA Live 06 -LRB- XB360 -RRB- without including the expletives that capture the true essence of the game , but I am determined to make sure everyone knows the true disappointment that NBA Live turned out to be.GRAPHICS
 When I heard that NBA Live was going to be included in my Xbox360 package , I was really psyched . It was one of the first games I went to play when I got home . When I started the game however , I was disturbed by what I saw ... TWO GAMEPLAY OPTIONS ?!?! You either play an exhibition game , or a season . That was it ?! I thought maybe I was jumping to conclusions , and that the gameplay would be out of this world . Unfortunately this was not the case , and the controls were just as bad as the menu . The graphics were nice , but that 's worthless when you do n't want to play the game . I tried giving the Live a chance and played it a for few days , but after beating the season and realizing that it was the end of the game ... I promptly traded it in.This game has absolutely ZERO replay value . If you 're looking for a solid NBA game , go with 2k 's NBA2k6 . Somewhere along the line EA lost their touch , and 2k is where it 's at . This game is n't even worth a rent , so do n't bother . Trading it in was the easiest decision I ever made .
 I have been a fan of live for a very long time beginning with live 2000 . NBA Live 06 on current-gen consoles was a step down from 05 , but was n't bad , at least you could enjoy yourself . But this game takes home the prize for Worst NBA Live Game ever . To begin with , the graphics are amazing , the animations are so realistic my uncle thought I was watching TV while playing , its just that beautiful . But this game suffers from horrendous camera angles and absolutely horrible gameplay . This could be partially blamed on the camera angles which dont even follow the ball half of the time . Going on a fast break ? Not so fast ... Literally . The players sometimes run slower than turtles and the controls are clunky . This is not to mention the idiotic free-throw system , which has you moving the right stick up and down . You will miss 90 % of the time , guaranteed . Then comes the fact you can only play exhibition or season , no franchise . This was the last straw until I returned this game back where it belongs , in the backroom in some game store . One other advantage of this game is that it made me realize how much better 2K6 is .
 I can say , EA fails yet again , in making sports games . MAdden are all exactly the same . But i got to hand it to ya . Taking most of the game modes away does change the game much more then your over all year to year basis . 2k6 has been the best basketball developers since the dreamcast sports games . 2k6 shines 100 % over this game . This game has great graphics dont get me wrong . But graphics dont make a game . A game is based on gameplay . dont get me wrong but 2k6 has amazing graphics also , the courts just need a little work . Everything else keeps to pace with live . But the gameplay is just plain horrible in live 2006 . The players move like clay gumbys , and they all shoot the same way ! EA has been making sports games for how long and still they Damn suck at making them ! 2k6 i give you credit for making a better basketball game every year then EA , it may not sell as well , but it is much better . I work at a game store , and see more used nba lives , then i do cars on the streets . NBA live is just teh same as it was 10 years ago .
 Its sad I have to get out my old XBOX and play my old NBA LIVE 2006 to enjoy a quality game . Other than the graphics this game is terrible . The camera angles are ridiculous . I tried every camera angle in the game and the game play was still hard to follow . There were times I slammed the ball and the camera wasnt even showing the basket . I just heard the dunk in the back ground and I 'd be seeing some akward did not make sense camera picture . Also the players move A LOT slower . It definitely took fun away from the game . EA better get it together because the quality of this game sucks . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!! If you are an EA Sports fan and those are the primary games you 'll play on XBOX 360 do n't even buy the system . SAD , SAD , SAD , EA should be ashamed !!!
 Withthe movement of a lot of games branded `` Tycoon '' , it was only a matter of time before this title would come out . Hard Truck Tycoon is made by the same company that developed the 18 Wheels of Steel Series . If you take in account the Hard Truck series and the 18 Wheels of Steel series , I would have to say that 2 titles have been unspectacular -LRB- this one included . Usually when the first titles from a franchise are released you would expect some bugs and maybe a horrible game here and there . As more titles are released you would see a modest improvement . Valusoft had a very buggy 18WoS
 No effort has been made on this games engine since F-18 Korea came out . Its joystick support is poor , its graphics are boxy and un-detailed and sadly it is still one of the best fighter combat games for mac . That is a truly sad commentary on the state of the market .
 Everything about this game is terrible . You ca n't ever program the keys like you want . & forget it about using a joystick with throttle controls .
 You can forget techinal support . I was having joystick issues . I downloaded their update ; and , it was nothing but jibberish . I e-mailed techsupport ; and , they were arrogant and refused to help .
 If you are looking for a flight simmulator that reacreates exactly what its like to fly fighter missions -LRB- including the boredom of flying for hours before encountering an enemy -RRB- with decent landscape and ok graphics , this is for you . If your looking to have fun , and not actually to train to be a pilot , then do n't bother . Flying is hard , the controls are very sensative , which I suppose is realistic but not fun . If you 're looking for a FPS where you get to fly instead of walk around with a gun , this is not it . There are better game out there -LRB- though mostly on PC -RRB- .
 Good graphics , slick presentation and good integration of past `` Need For Speed '' concepts is hampered by an incredibly frustrating , imbalanced police AI that -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- you must face off over and over again in the single player mode . The `` Milestone '' modes will have you pulling your hair out of your head , for different reasons throughout the game . Sometimes , you will find it a struggle to keep the police chase going when you need it , having to slow down over and over , so they can either find you or keep up ; other times , they will relentlessly pursue you to no end , becoming cheaper and cheaper in the process . All in all , a real test of one 's patience -LRB- especially the final chase , where -LRB- at the dreaded `` Wanted Level 6 '' , you must keep driving for an eternity , while the game piles endless super-strong , super-fast cop cars , SUV 's and countless blockades ; there is no reprieve , no `` hiding out '' , you must keep driving until -LRB- finally -RRB- a signal pops up on the map that indicates you must get to that point , ASAP -RRB- . Tedious music that you 'll quickly tire from . It does look pretty -LRB- on the Xbox 360 in Hi-Def , anyways -RRB- . Controls are ok , but no great shakes . My verdict ? Get Burnout Revenge , instead .
 Received Platinum Hits Version , not the version pictured above . There are key differences in both the gameplay and box art .
 This is the best and worst racing game I have ever played in my life . However , as the game progresses the tasks become so RIDICULOUS and tedious . For example , they make you drive around and cause destruction and make the city pay for all the damages you do . I would have been fine with this , but once you get to the higher levels on the blacklist , the cops become more and more unrealistic . I have a Lambourghini Gallardo that I won by beating another racer in a Porsche Caymen . So I 'm driving the Gallardo on the freeway and its fast enough to outrun the lesser cops easily , so easily that its an effort to keep them on me so that I can complete the tasks . As it gets into the higher levels of pursuit , GTO police and undercover GTO police come out along with helicopters . This is fine also , but then the heavy SUV police cars come out . They drive recklessly and try to hit you in a head on collision . I can also dodge them fairly easily . Any combination of these cars may form a road block at any time . Sometimes they materialize right in front of your eyes . This is not a problem either until they start laying out spike strips , because most of the time you can just drive straight through the road block . The spike strips completely immobilize your car and cause you to get arrested and lose all of the destruction that you caused , which is completely ridiculous . Just because you got arrested everything you tore apart should not magically fix itself . ON TOP OF THAT , the most IRRITATING part of the game is when they set up a road block that has spike strips UNDER the cars that form the block . Not only are they hard to see , but it gives you no chance of running through the road block or avoiding it unless there is another route that you can take , which does n't always happen . And much of the time they materialize around corners without you having any way of knowing that theyre there . This game sucks .
 i was HEAVILY uninspired to play through this game because of how UGLY the city was . i mean where did they model this city after ?? SASKATCHUAN , NEW MEXICO ? its terrible . in the first two undergrounds , the city was kool ... in Carbon -LRB- which i absolutely LOVE -RRB- ... the city resembles a less-flashy Las Vegas and makes for an awesome racing experience ... but this city is just ... Not Attractive ... and its just not Fun to drive around the city at all ... its just Dull and Boring . maybe because its always day time ? its not even that ... the city is just Uninspiring for a racing game . and WHAT IS UP WITH THE GRAPHICS FOR THE ORIGINAL XBOX ?? those are THEEE WORSTTT GRAPHICSSSS I HAVE EVER SEEEN IN MY LIFEEEE . it looks like a NINTENDO 64 game : l not to mention the Driving is just not the SAME as the other games in the series ... and the races are just not as Fun . not to mention the Clipping and Freezing like some other people have stated . i say stay farr away from this one ... it just didnt do it for me ... not when i can play Carbon and be alot more satisfied with that racing experience ... or even the Original NFS : UG which is 10 times better than this , even tho you cant freeroam the city.i have Yet to actually play NFS : UG2 which i ordered off ebay so i should get it soon ... but im willing to bet its going to LOOK and PLAY 10 times better than this . they should have just Skipped over THIS completely and did Carbon.Most Unattractive Game In The Series . . iLL .
 Aside from the annoying reminder to wear your seatbelt , there are countless occasions where you are slammed into the wall by 15 or more armored vehicles for a simple speeding infraction . The single police units can push your car , even with brakes applied , for miles all while your car stops dead like a stone in the process of pushing back . I am not aware of any cop car beating a GALLARDO with pro racing equipment . By using my rearview mirrow , I witness many magical pop-up cops that spawn out of nowhere , and road blocks that adjust to any suprise turn you make . Not to mention it takes between 2 and 3 minutes to `` evade '' police and then additional time to `` cool down '' , where as if you stop for even a second , the cops catch you and `` BUSTED '' scrolls across the screen . It seems extremely unbalanced . Finally , after you are `` BUSTED '' , you are forced to enjoy a lovely cinematic sequence of unecessary police brutality that conveniently seems to have a `` YOU RACE , YOU LOSE '' theme.This game is outrageously stupid , corny , and pro law enforcement . A year spent on graphics , a day spent on theme . If you want to be cheated , buy this game . EA games can * # $ % themselves .
 I really enjoyed this game ... until the designers threw a 10 foot thick brick wall in my way around 2/3rd the way through the game . When you get to trying to work your way to challenge the 5th person on the Blacklist , you will be forced to have to either avoid 6 spike strips , tag 22 police cars , or make it through 10 roadblocks . By the time you get even halfway through meeting one of these milestone , you will be at Police Level 4 . You will not ever be able to escape from the police at this level unless you get completely lucky -LRB- I have tried 14 times now over the last 3 hours ... . yeah , that is real fun guys , and since I play games to have fun , and not get completely pissed off , this game is going on ebay . There is of course no difficulty level selection that you can choose from - so forget about any hope of completing the game.Unless you are a masochistic sadist twitch freak that has no issue with taking massive doses of stimulants before playing a game to meet this games difficulty level , stay away .
 I read some of the other revieuws and people complain about how unrealistic it is , wel it is a game after all it is not a race simulator.And it is a great game well worth the money .
 This game is a waste of time to play after you get to blacklist member # 5 JV . In the milestone section where you have to hit 28 cop cars and then evade them you ca n't cause they either run you into walls , have too many cops on you or spiked roadblocks you do n't know about until is too late . According to my husband you have to play this game for more than 500 hours a day .
 DOA single player ... The single player portion of this game is by far the WORST of any fighting game to date - unless of course you enjoy spending hours fighting against an AI that can not be described in any way other than RIDICULOUS ! Even on the ` normal ' setting -LRB- the easiest available -RRB- , the AI can counter at will and string together impossible combinations of hits . 45 + minutes on ONE opponent to unlock ONE costume ... not my idea of a good time.The multi-player portion of the game would be a total blast if it wasn 's constantly laggy and either booting people or freezing ... With a couple of patches , this game COULD be awesome , but as it stands now - I recommend skipping it ...
 This is my first time playing Dead or Alive . I 'm not a big fan of Tekken like games so I 'll try to be fair as possible . I can appreciate any fighting game that does n't allow to much `` button mashing '' . What frustrates me is how this game is ridiculously TOO ACCURATE in the fighting scheme the makers of this game has employed . I can read the manual so many times and even the online guides , but I barely get rewarded in trying execute self defense moves , especially the simple blocking . I do n't know if it 's the game or my joints on my fingers arent loose enough , but i swear that i barely get to do a counter hold on any combo . . no matter how hard i time it well . What frustrates me more is the blocking mechanism ... it barely works and when it does it usually get overrided with a ridiculous `` blow '' or `` kick '' that launches you up and down to the ground . And when do try to get up , it 's hard to evade a cheesy low attack ... you just have to absorb more until your lucky enough to reply with a little combo of your own.I 'll stop the ranting . Would I recommend this to newcomeres of Dead or Alive ? No . Most likely you 'll be more frustrated than having fun . I ca n't speak for the rest that have played this series for a while .
 I wanted to get this game since I first heard about it , but 10 minutes into playing it I realized how boring the series has gotten . Not only that but the AI is VERY poorly done . The game does n't offer much in the way of content ; a few costumes here and there and a laggy and glitchy online mode . The story line is slim to none ; they have you fight over a cabbage at a marketplace for instance . My advice to anyone who is on the fence about picking this title up would be to save your money for something better , this game will only frustrate you and become stale very very quickly . Of course if you 're a fanboy of the DOA series you will get it and say it 's the greatest thing to hit fighters . But if you 're a casual gamer I caution you to avoid this title .
 This is , without a doubt , the absolutely worse fighting game ever made . Tecmo has removed all the enjoyable elements including removing a difficulty level for beginners . If you are n't a DOA pro , you 'll be pummled countless times while you just try to learn the controls . The computer will pull off 10x combos on you while you just try to land a punch or kick . What 's worse , the game has 45 Achievements , including more than a dozen `` secrets '' which you must unlock . But you 'll be so frustrated by this game that you wo n't even bother.The worst part of it is that this is no longer a `` party game . '' Meaning you ca n't invite over your friends and have fun fighting each other . The few people that master the game 's new countering system -LRB- which is aptly named , since it 's so COUNTER-intuitive -RRB- will slaughter the newbies and completely remove the fun of the multiplayer element.Likewise , when you take your game online -LRB- which you must do to earn 10 of the public achievements -RRB- , you 'll get destroyed by users who are far better than you , if you have n't dedicated your life to DOA practice.So before you waste half of your life trying to become the DOA guru of your social circle or the entire online world , remember that the only things that are new to this game from Dead or Alive Ultimate -LRB- which is 1/3 the cost -RRB- is a few new characters , the HD graphics -LRB- which are , I admit , absolutely amazing -RRB- and a set of new features which only make it tougher for those of us who were n't good at playing fighting games in the first place . Thanks , Tecmo , for completely ignoring the entire gaming community to make another game like Ninja Gaiden Black ; a game that no one wants to play unless it 's the only game they practice at .
 Video games are supposed to be accessible for everyone -- someone should have told this to Tecmo , who have bogged down what would have been a delightfully fun fighting game with the cheapest , most abusive AI I have ever seen . Though the game is beautiful , fast , and frenetic when playing with a friend , trudging through the game 's single-player mode -- the only way to unlock more goodies and characters -- is horrific . The game 's AI is so cheap to the point where random button mashing is the only way to go . The computer relentlessly punishes you for attempting throws , reversals , or even BLOCKING . I wo n't even get into the final boss , which made me launch my wireless controller across the room multiple times . After 20 years of game-playing , nothing has ever frustrated me as much as this.Avoid like the plague , unless you like a challenge and enjoy blowing sixty bucks on a game that will abuse and humiliate your playing skill at every step of the way .
 If you want to have fun don not buy this game is just like ninja gaiden , HARD !!!!!!!!!!!! if you want just good looks this is the game
 This is by far the worst fighting game I have ever played on a platform console . It 's frustrating when your perfectly timed grapples just happen to slide off the guy you 're fighting like he was coated in butter . Your every strike is countered and blocking ??!! HA ! do n't bother ! Anyone who has any appreciation for playing fighting games on the hardest level , might as well scratch this one off the list ! To tell you the truth I 'm not too impressed with the 360 overall . I 've been playing video games since Intellivision and let me tell you ... . I would buy Tank , Tank at $ 45.00 - $ 50.00 before I buy another fighting game from this line . This is the first of the series I 've ever played and ca n't believe that any of the previous ones could be worse than this . It just seems like a cheesy Tekken . Oh yeah , I do n't want a game that robs characters from other games , If I wanted to play HALO , I 'd play HALO , I 'm sure the game writers could be a little more creative . If I could tell you what I actually think about this game , they would n't let me post it . But , on the other hand my wife appears to be a pro at this game , and am concerned that maybe it is I who am just retarded with this game .
 It the worst of the series , just because it is for the newest system out does n't mean it the best .
 Before I start any review that gives this game lots of stars and does n't address the AI or difficulty of this game is a fake review . Probably from a person who has a load of boxes full of DOA4 lying around like a bad drug.I have had the game for about 2 months now and feel I 'm in position to give an honest review Firstly the game looks amazing , great interactive backgrounds , character details , a reasonable number of characters and costumes plus great end movies . All this game needed was reasonable gameplay and it would have been a great game , but Team Ninja or as I like to call them Team Numbskull , have failed and kind of ruined the game.When I first got the game DOA4 was probably the most frustrating unenjoyable game ever ! People , who say that this is a good thing , probably pay women in leather to whip them . And that is how I felt when I first started playing the game . I paid 50 , which is about $ 80 and god knows how much yen to get my ass kicked . There is nothing more annoying than a game where the CPU can do things a Player ca n't do . The CPU can do all these fancy throws and counter throws , while it is near impossible for Players to pull off a simple throw . With a lot of practice you might be about to counter a CPU move once in a blue moon , but it is more down to luck than Judgement . The gameplay also is n't organic . If the CPU player is low on energy the CPU player will pull off a 10 to 15 hit combo out of nowhere to bring your energy down . While that is okay sometimes , when it happens every round it makes the gameplay artificial , predictable and unenjoyable . What makes that worst is the fact that the CPU can counter throw player combos easy , while it is again near impossible for players to block or counter CPU combos . Especial the last boss who can actually throw , not a counter , you while you are punching and it 's this unfairness that makes the game unsatisfying . Players are better off just pressing buttons fast because the minute you try to pull off good moves the CPU hits you more . I know a lot of the reviews say it is great that is hard because it sorts out the men from the boys , but I think that kind of gamer elitism is wrong , because if I do n't want to fight psychic CPU opponents then there should be an easy option . After a lot of practice I am very good at the game and the game becomes slightly easier . You learn you ca n't do the same move more than twice in row and with characters -LRB- La Mariposa -RRB- that have fast combos that hit high and low the game becomes more reasonable . I 've finished the game with all the characters , but the game just is n't that fun . Because there is no easy level to experiment and use a range of moves or tactics so the game becomes boring even when you are winning . I play games fun and relax from work . DOA4 just seems like work . The music is mostly Rubbish J-Rock . When will Japanese game companies learn from Grand Theft Auto , we are the Ipod generation , so we want to hear real music in our games , rather than the work of some poor guy in their Music department producing average music . And why the hell do all the characters speak Japanese ? I know there are subtitles , but surely given most of the world speaks English it would of made sense to have a game with English voices and Japanese subtitles . There is also something very subversive about the character Zack with I just do n't like.I think useless you are some kind of Professional Games Player then I would n't get it . It 's an expensive that does not deliver in the most important thing gameplay . If Team Ninja for made this way deliberately then I wo n't be buying anymore of there games . DOA4 is a beautiful game , but I say if you like nice pictures go to a gallery not and do n't pay for this game that becomes dull fast.Bring on Tekken 5 , where the characters speak English , there is an easy and normal level , the throw moves is n't pointless and the game is fun to play .
 I do n't know about you , but when I buy a new game , I want to open it , pop it in the console , and start playing . You 're welcome to try this with DOA4 , if you do n't mind being that kid who gets thrown down and pummeled everytime he steps out on the playground.Most console games provide a tutorial that , in the best cases , is built into the story-mode of the game and eases you into the gameplay by teaching you the abilities of your character . In DOA4 , this is particularly important because every attack or defense involves an often complicated sequence of directional-movements -LRB- with the joystick or directional pad -RRB- combined with pushing the proper sequence of buttons on the controller . You also need a great sense of timing to know when to start each sequence . To compound the difficulty , each character in the game has an extensive series of special attacks that is unique to that character , and involves , you guessed it , a unique sequence of buttons and joystick movements for each special attack.So lets say you 're not intimidated by this complexity , and you actually want to spend the time required to learn how to play one of the game 's many characters . DOA4 's idea of `` getting started '' is to drop you into an arena with a computer opponent that has a sixth-degree black-belt in jujutso -- and that 's on the lowest `` normal '' setting . How many times can you see yourself thrown down , your head twisted back , your legs bent in painful-looking directions , and your opponent announced the victor , before you 've had enough `` fun ? `` In desperation , you might also be tempted to turn to that component of the game packaging that most of us would rather never open
 The graphics are the main thing this game really offers . The other plus this game has is you can knock a player around stages more . In previous titles you could knock an opponent down a cliff or a set of stairs and proceed to fight . In this title you can knock an opponent down several flights of stairs . There is more to the stage environments than before and it is enjoyable . Other than that it is a complete waste of time.DOA has always had a very vague story that just drags on longer than it needs to . The endings to this game are more porn affiliated than anything . The addition of two new characters would have been better if they were not so boring.TECMO really butchered the counter attack in this title . You have no room for making mistakes . For example in DOA 2 and 3 if you counter attacked an opponent before they attacked by a hair of a second you could still pull off a counter attack . This game makes no room for jumping the gun . You have to counter attack perfectly on time every time . TECMO wanted the fighting to mimic real life fighting in some respect.The final boss is yet another `` godlike '' opponent that has a move that can basically kill you in one hit . Once again it 's a boss that you can not throw or counter attack . DOA 2 ' Tengu had wings and the power of air . Got too close and you were blown away . In DOA 3 you fought Ayane 's Father who had a double edged `` light saber '' and the power of fire . Got too close and you were set a blaze . Now we have the boss of this game , another replica of Kasumi with Terminator 2 's T 1,000 esque traits and the power of electricity . Get too close and zap . CHANGE THE RECORD ALREADY!Online is your typical player vs player and it gets old very quickly . You mostly encounter jerks cussing you out with racist remarks and cuss words one right after the other.Achievements in this game are mediocre at best . There are offline and online achievements . Due to how the games mechanics ruin the fighting and if you 're the best of the best . Then you will enjoy earning them . If not you will earn a small handful and quit.My final oppinion of this game is to stay clear of it period . This is the most difficult DOA game to date . There is a difference between games that challenge players and games that screw players due to bad mechanic ideas . If you 've never played the DOA series this is not the game to introduce yourself to . Play DOA 3 and DOA Ultimate . DOA4 was made for the elite of DOA players and not for everyone . Even those of us who have played this series for years had to relearn the game because of the idiotic changes . The childish and disturbing obsession of perverted fantasies about fake computer generated women has consumed TECMO . Get on with the stroy of the series and quit giving us Hustler and Playboy endings . Kasumi wants to go home and is running as a defector of her ninja clan so get to the point of it already . Four games in the series and we fans really have no clue know of what is going on with her or where the plot of the entire game is going . Mostly straight down the toilet and making one sequel after another just to feed the corporate money making greed machine . I would like to fight a boss that you can counter attack and throw around . A boss that relies on thier fighting ability instead of hocus pocus magic attacks . If I wanted fighting to be as real as possible for me to enjoy it . I would go outside and engage in a street fight .
 We all seem to be missing the big point with this game , after spending hours trying to unlock stuff , costumes and such the game delete its memory , damn that 's anoying .
 A tech demo at best . The blocking mechanic is completely broken.I felt cheated after buying this game .
 I got this game in a bundle with my xbox 360 ... I will have to say that I would never have bought this off the shelf and for good reason . This is a great example of how a company can throw some of the best graphix out there into a complete pile of crap . The game has less content to it then the first street fighter , online play is a complete joke , and the controls are extremely sloppy . Not only would i recommend not buying this game , I would recommend breaking or burning it if you got it in some package .
 I have played many many fighting games fom NES -LRB- I 'll count Kung Fu here -RRB- all the way up to the 360 now . And this has to be the worst one I have ever played . When I first bought it and was getting my head handed to me , I thought it just takes some getting used to . Well , after more than 10 hours later the same thing is happening . I have Soul Caliber 3 , and though it was hard at first the more you play the more you get used to it . The more you can flow with it and hold your own . This game however , is nowhere near that good . Yes it 's a pretty game , but beauty does NOT make a fighting game . I found the controls sloppy at best , the reversals or counters near impossible , and blocking pretty much not there . And anyone who has played through knows the last fight with evil gree jello girl is a gamers nightmare . The developer who made this junk should really stop trying to be a rock star and make a fighting game worth buying . I suggest you buy Soul Caliber 3 for PS2 or wait for a new and better fighting game to come out .
 This is one of the worst games I have ever played just do n't waste your money .
 This game was way too easy . Not enough tasks and puzzles . I 've played all the other Nancy Drew games and this one was very disappointing .
 I 'm 14 years old and I 've been playing Nancy Drew games since # 3 The Haunted Mansion , and they have always been exhilarating . The puzzles would be tough , but not annoying , and during the game you would always feel frightened at one point or another . Also , when they promised 20 + hours of play , they would mean it . I was disappointed when I finished the game after only 5 hours of play . When I told my mother this , she suggested I was just getting really good at playing the game and solving the puzzles . After reading these other reviews , I realize I am not alone in this time shortage matter . I just hope that the next game will have the actual amount of time , meaning more than 20 hours of play . If that means that it takes a little longer to come out , I will gladly wait .
 For the record , I am a big fan of the Nancy Drew games and hope that Her Interactive continues to release them . That is , of course , assuming that future titles return to the previous standard of quality.My biggest complaint about The Secret of the Old Clock is that the playing time is so short . It took me less than five hours of interrupted game play to solve the game . Even though I never get anywhere near the promised 20 hours of play -LRB- not a suprise , really , since I am an adult and these are games geared toward girls -RRB- , I often get 10 + hours of play for a new Nancy Drew title . Other points worth mentioning : Puzzles - very reminiscent of those used in previous Nancy Drew games ; little originalitySetting - I enjoyed the 1930s feel and got a big kick out of the various literary and movie characters living in Titusville ; however , there were very few opportunities for Nancy to explore her surroundings , which made the `` world '' of this game seem constrictedPlot - the ending was abrupt and several aspects of the story were left unexplored.Overall , it showed promise early on but would up as a big disappointment . I give it a 2 out of 5 , as compared to other Nancy Drew titles .
 First , let me start off by saying I am a huge fan of the Nancy Drew game series . Now for the disappointing news - Secret of the Old Clock just is n't `` up to par '' . Those of you that have already played will know exactly what I mean by that . After months of waiting and the fact that this is Nancy Drew 's 75th anniversary , I really did expect a better game to come from the programmers . Come on guys you know you could have done better!Her Interactive has tried to freshen things up a bit by having SOTOC take place during the Depression era , but unfortunately they forgot to do the same with the puzzles and the interface . With the exception of the Mini-Golf Course in this game -LRB- a good idea in theory -RRB- , all we get in this installment is more of the same , old , non-interesting puzzles that all of us adventure gamers have seen a thousand times before . And while we are on the subject of the Mini Golf Game , I think the programmersneed to do a lot of retooling of the putting element , as there is n't even enough room to make a decent attempt . And do n't even get me started on the Roadster and the endless driving about town nonsense.Where are the interesting characters , storylines , intrigue , plots , and intuitive puzzles ? I suggest that Her Interactive and Atari think about making a much longer game for those loyal fans out there that love the Nancy Drew concept . How about a 40 hour game next time - huh ? Maybe then we 'll get at least a few more hours of play . Please stay away from just rushing to get the nextgame to market , I prefer quality in my purchases . Better luck next time - I hope .
 Our family has been playing Nancy Drew games for years . This one is a big disappointment . There was very little humor -LRB- especially after the funny LuLu of Blackmoor Manor -RRB- . The games were too easy , no real good puzzels and the games were very derivative of the other stories . Also , driving the car and playing putt-putt made the game too arcade-like . We hope the next one is better . Play Blackmoor Manor if you have n't already and give this one a pass .
 I am a HUGE Nancy Drew game fan . I 've played all the games , and was really escited to get this one . I had sooo much fun playing it ... for two hours . And then the game was over . I was shell-shocked . All of the other Nancy Drew games took me 1-5 days and a big headache they were so difficult . But this one was so easy ! This did not live up to my expectations at all . It was fun , yes . But if you are prepared to spend $ 20.00 on a game that will take you two hours to finish , then buy it . If you dont , save your self ten bucks and go see a movie that will entertain more than this game . Which is just about anything .
 I was really excited about this game when I heard it was going to be set in the older days . Soon after playing it I got really annoyed by it . The music was not like it is with the other ones . There were no `` scary '' things at all . Driving the car doing little things got annoying . Its not worth your money . The game is also extremely short . I beat it in less than a day in Senior detective . I dont know what else to say except to maybe buy any other one except for Secrets can kill .
 `` Secret of the Old Clock '' is a rare misstep in the Nancy Drew library that 'll have you asking for your time back.This may be the most frustrating Nancy Drew game yet . Instead of solving a mystery , you have a truckload of mundane tasks such as delivering telegrams , picking up items for rude people , and always making sure you are filled up with gas -LRB- every 20 seconds ! -RRB- . It gets old and annoying fast.There are two puzzles that stick out as poorly designed and will test your patience
 I was very disappointed with the game . Apparently you have to buy the strategy guide to follow the game intelligently . That should have been indicated upon the purchase . Also when I attempted to save the game , it failed to do so . Everytime you wanted to stop , when you returned to the game you had to start over from the beginning . Very lengthy and boring . It was bought for my 11 year old granddaughter and she was definitely disappointed .
 i was excited to play this game because i wanted to play a detective-like game . unfortunately , this game is very kid-like . here 's an example . the first non auto-generated task is to solve some puzzles for a guy . these are the simple kind of puzzles you could find in a children 's word game book . i easily got all of them except 1 , meaning i could n't progress past this point . no problem for me , because by this time i did n't want to ! i 'm not saying it 's a bad game , it 's just probably not a good game for grownups .
 Of all of the Nancy Drew games , I Have to say this was one of the worst . I was expecting better since they have made so many games , but this one was horrible . I did n't really enjoy playing it like I did the others . If you are going to play a Nancy Drew game , do n't chose this one !
 I AM SO EXCITED ABOUT THIS GAME !!!!!! 1 I WISH IT WAS ALREADY OUT .
 I whizzed through this game . Usually I need to ask for help , but not once with this game . Good for beginners ,
 I was sooooooooo looking foward to this game i was really excited and bought it the day it came out . Turned out it took me only 2 houres to finish it . It did n't have the clues leading up to the ending like the other ones did . I loved all the other games but this one was a stinker .
 I agree with most of the other reviews regarding the dynamics of this game . The graphics are attractive , expecially in the 1920 's setting . However , the games were very easy -LRB- even in the Senior Decetive version -RRB- , and the playing time was disappointingly short . I doubt I invested more than 5 hours on this game ... which equates to a waste of money . I always look forward to spending time playing the Nancy Drew games , too bad this game was over in the blink of an eye .
 I had been looking for some new Nancy Drew games to play , and decided to get this one . Unfortunately , it was n't that good , and my advice is to skip it unless you are a die-hard Nancy Drew fan . The story was n't very intriguing , the setting was mediocre and the game simply was n't well done.The game takes place in the 1930s , as opposed to modern times when the games generally take place . Most of the action takes place in , and on the grounds around , an inn , a neighbor 's house and the surrounding area . Nancy has a car , which she spends a great deal of time driving around in . This is not first-person driving either ... the car drives along a map-like network of roads , while Nancy must avoid potholes . Driving , of course , costs gas , and Nancy must earn money by delivering telegrams . For players who hate these kinds of tasks , this game is a very poor choice.As for the characters , they do n't do much to help the game . The neighbor is a pompous twit , Emily is a sad girl who stays in her room , her guardian does n't play a large part through most of the game , and the banker is the happy-hardy type . You hear other character 's voices in the game , such as when you make deliveries , but you never actually see them.I do n't know if I 'll ever play this game again . If you do buy it , make you sure buy an inexpensive copy . As a side note , some of the screenshots shown in the screenshot gallery on the top of the page on Amazon are actually from another game `` Curse of Blackmoor Manor . '' If you do decide to get `` Secret of the Old Clock '' some of the people and locations shown here will not appear in the game .
 First off i just want to say that i 've read `` The Secret of the Old Clock '' and it made this game even more boring because i knew the basic outline.I see in an above review an adult of the age 35 loved it , which i can understand . But I 'm 15 and i found this game OVERLY boring . The puzzles were way too easy , and driving around in the horribly done car part of the game made me want to quit playing . It says youll get a pay if you do some chores for people ... i didnt get anything . Although I love herinteractive and and i love all the other nancy drew games i would highly reccomend you dont waste $ 19.00 on it . I would only reccomend getting it if it was in a value pack of Nancy Drew games .
 The game is slow . When you fold you have to wait for the hand to finish and it can take some time . Also it is hard to see in bright light . It is not made of good quality . Otherwise fine .
 look this is not really a good game i orderd it and played it once and was done with it maybe cuz im not a die hard mortal kombat fan so maybe just one for the fans
 I alwaysed like the mk series but this game got way to demonic for me ! The main bosses stage is right on top of a pentagram !
 Graphics are choppy , especially in the konquest mode . Its like the programmers sent it out too quick . ps2 version is better . I get that its psp and the graphics are n't 100 % on all games but i 've played much better , much BIGGER games that did n't have the problems that this game had . Arcade mode is enjoyable , though the lack of specialty moves is disappointing .
 This game is a crappy crossover to the psp . If you want this game , buy Deception on the ps2 . Its graphics are not choppy , and the controls are responsive unlike the psp version .
 I see a lot of 5 stars here , but I was not impressed at all . I got this becuase I used to love the old mortal kombat , but a lot has changed . Im no video game expert , but the game play sucks , and all the extras suck . My choice was between this and the tekkan , and I would teckan over this game anny day .
 I purchased this item as a gift . With the reflective TFT screen , we -LRB- my son and I -RRB- could not see the images clearly in any angle and light -LRB- I tried -RRB- . Trust me the picture you see on the website and on the boxes are 3 times asclear as the real thing.After asking several family friends , they said their children had the same problem and to get the sp version.I immediately returned item an purchased the GB SP . 150 % better and the screen is as clear as the pictures on the box . With this much difference , I 'm suprised that they still sell the otherversion.Get the SP console . It is worth the money .
 This is not a good buy . You ca n't see anything on the screen unless your in the sunlight . In efforts to try to save money I wound up paying the $ 80 bucks and purchasing the SP model anyway . Toys R Us would not accept the gameboy or offer a refund or replacement because the package was open . -LRB- Well how do you know if the screen is a piece of crap unless you open it -RRB- . So it was useless . To keep my little one from ruining her eyesight I just purchased the silver gameboy SP from Sears which she loves and carries with her like a child . Very disappointed with this product and Toys R Us . Truly a piece of crap ! Now way will I give Toys R Us my money again .
 The game is fine , but the soulstone issue is really annoying . Amazon did not send the soulstone code with the box . Instead , Amazon put it into an unreadable video format in the Digital Locker.No software known to man can read Amazon 's video format so you ca n't get the soulstone . Amazon customer service tells you to use the Digital Locker . The locker is the whole problem .
 The game is ok its just the company that puts it out . . I ordered several CD.s had to retreive the darn soul stone from Amazon Locker and then ... only one code showed up !!!!!! suppose to be a code for each game that one orders . . what a rip off . . I dont think its worth it to get the expansion pack . . save your money !!!
 It 's Ultima Online what can I say really . This game was fun about a decade ago . Unless you started playing around 9 years ago and still ca n't let go of the past glory days then you probably should not waste your time buying another expansion for a washed up mmorpg .
 Due to wreckless game masters and constant customer abuse , I am closing my account with this game . STAY AWAY ! Unspoken policies are abundant , and exist everywhere , making avoiding a ban like running from the gestapo !!! The game used to have a wonderful gameplay system , this expansion wrecked it . On top of that , it is being patched out of its time . Less new players are coming in , and more players are leaving . I suggest you all stay away from this title .
 Let me begin by saying I have been an avid citizen of Sosaria for 5 years and have had great experiences in this game and made many new friends.That being said , I think this franchise has run it 's course . With all the newer and more advanced MMO 's out now , this game just seems stuck in the past . EA got behind the power curve of new games like EQ2 and WoW . I have n't logged into UO since WoW came out , for some reason though I just ca n't seem to bring myself to close my account ... : -RRB-
 First of all ... If you like horse games with realistic looking horses DONT BUY THIS GAME ! The horses looked pathetic compared to other horse games ive played . But I do have to say the whole mystery thing was really fun . Grooming horses did take forever though ! So if you dont care about what the horses looked like than go ahead and buy it . But this game is not realistic .
 This is the worst horse game EVER ! I could NOT get past the mountain terrain cross-country competition . I hate it more then whips!Good things : You can groom your horse.You can trail ride.Bad things : There 's barely any , but I wish they would invent a game just like it WITHOUT the mountain terrain competitions , so I could play it without hating it , making my horse sick of lack of grooming , and uninstalling it.I hated it so much I gave it to a friend who really wanted it . Exept I abandoned to tell her it was difficult .
 this game is not very fun . . but i never got very far because mine got messed up at the beginning , but your person is the slowest walker ever to be in a videogame ! it took me five minutes just to walk in a circle ... . This game is fun only when you are riding ... nothing else ... if you want a FUN FUN FUN horse game , go find another game ... not this one ... i love horses , and if i got further maybe i would like it ...
 This game is impossible . Save your money and do n't buy it ! It really is not like taking care of a real horse ! The time it took me to clean the hooves on this game I could have cleaned 5 of my real horses . I took it back , after the first night of playing it.It is just a horrible game !
 The horses in this game are shocking ! I have never seen a horse with such choppy gaits , you get sea sick just looking at it ! Horses may not have suspension , but a horse would never make an eventer with gaits like that - think of the terrible scores they 'd get in the dressage ! The ` Adventure ' section was better , riding around the trails was amusing enough .
 My daughter is seven , and she 's pretty darned good at most computer games . She loves horses -LRB- not up close and personal , though -RRB- , so her dad bought Saddle Up for her . She got the hang of riding the courses and doing the grooming tasks fairly quickly ... but I think she 's too young to solve the `` challenges '' in the game . And I 'm just a dumb mommy , which means I 'm no help at all.The manufacturer 's website offers NO hints at all . And the customer discussion forum is just full of comments from people who could n't get the game loaded.Many of the happy reviewers here seem to be teenagers . I would advise , dear parent , that you avoid buying this game if your kidlet is around the age of my own . She does enjoy the riding and grooming , but since we ca n't seem to get any further into the `` adventure '' side of the story , she has gotten bored and rather frustrated . Me , too !
 this game SUCKED !!!!! i luv horse games but this games sucked !!! i liked riding around but i could never get in my room ! it took WAY 2 long 2 groom my horse , especialy the hooves , i still havnt finshed . u cant see anything falling when u r doing the horses hooves either . i got lets ride dreamer for x-mas and i luv !!!!!! im about 2 play it right now ! i think u should get that 1 . its sooooo fun !
 Horse games are about the only thing I play , and this one is definately the worst . The movements are hard to get used to and the graphics are not very good . If you 're looking for a good horse game , I definately recommend `` The Saddle Club '' PC game .
 The graphics might rock , but the game is repetitive . Everyday you do the same thing
 The graphics might rock , but the game is repetitive . Everyday you do the same thing
 The graphics might rock , but the game is repetitive . Everyday you do the same thing
 I was supremely dissapointed in this game -- my computer can not play it ! My video card -LRB- a very recent version of ` Intel ' -RRB- is apparently not compatible , despite the fact that I have played other games with DirectX . While I do think the game would be great , I strongly suggest that anyone interested in buying check the website and make sure that their video card is not one of the several types that does not work.If you are like me , and your video card will not work with the game , an excellent alternative is `` Let 's Ride
 Originally my opinion of this game was very poor , however , it was due to the fact that my graphics card was not compatible with the game and made it somewhat unplayable and frustrating . Unfortunately I can not change the star rating : \ Once that problem was fixed , it was a very enjoyable game to play and the mystery was engaging , even for an adult such as myself :--RRB- There is another Saddle Up game that is just as good to play as well .
 Okay . Let 's start with the good things . This game lets you slide multiple ways , WHEN YOU WANT , which is a big plus . Second , you can preform LOTS of different fielding moves , such as
 Hell , I loved MVP for 2 years !! Then there 's dissapointment ! What happened ? Graphic got worse . Nomar is slimmer than Olsen Twins , and David Ortiz looks short ! Only good thing is Owner Mode . The rest suck . Now I 'm waiting for MLB 2006
 I am sorry to bash EA sports But this is the worst ps2 game i have ever played . I would n't even give it one star but i ca n't rate it any lower . Pudge Rodriguez looks like a monkey in gameplay ! by the way it has horrible graphics and music soundtracks . I think EA could have done a way better job . - Koda from Michigan
 There were scratches on the back of the game and it does not load when I try to play it . I even tried to clean the game and it still does n't work
 We bought this for our son for Christmas . We were all surprised when we opened what was to be a Baseball game , which he loved playing at friends houses , and instead found a Basketball game !! We will be contacting Amazon to see if this can be replaced with the item we ordered , and paid for .
 listen . usualy i enjoy most video games but there is something wrong with this one . first of all , in career mode , the only position you can paly is catcher , in home run derby , every hit is a home run , and i dont like the inside the locker room cam that they added . the graphics suck , you now have to press R1 and R2 at the same time to swing , and every game is during the night . not a best buy .
 This Game , Im Sorry To Say , Is Not Worth The 50 Bucks You Put Into It ... Ive Played This The Other Day At My Freinds House For 3 Hours , He Was Into It , Because He Hasnt Played A True Game , Worth Something ... MLB 2006 Is SOOOO Much More Advanced In Gameplay , And It Really Seems Like You Are In The Game , If You Look In The Face Of Someone Like Ray Durham , You Cant Tell If Its Grissom , Or Durham , Or Anyone Else For That Matter , The Graphics Are So Poor , I Refused To Play It Over 20 Minutes ... If You Get MLB 2006 , -LRB- 989 Sports -RRB- You Will Be Much More Impressed ... After Owning The Previous 2 Years Of 989 Sports Version , There Franchise Is The Stronger Of The 2 In Baseball , If You Want A Game By E-A Sports , Go With A College Basketball , Or Football , But DO NOT GO BASEBALL , YOU WILL WASTE YOUR MONEY
 THIS IS THE WORST GAME IN THE WHOLE WORLD ! IT IS COMPLETELY POINTLESS AND DULL ! STUPID STUPID STUPID ! EA CA N'T MAKE GAMES FOR ITS LIFE!ESPN ALL THE WAY DUDES !
 I have been a loyal fan of Sega 2K/ESPN series for many years . The series got a little stale with 2K4 , so I went to MVP . I read a lot about this game before it came out , and saw some awesome screenshots and video . I was never a fan of EA 's baseball games . I thought EA 's Triple Play series was awful , and assumed MVP would be much better considering they 've had a couple of tries at this already . I was wrong . The gameplay is overall better than the 2K games , but the graphics are lacking . Some of the players look too small . There seems to be a white outline surrounding the pitchers when you are batting , especially in the batting minigame . It almost looks like they were cut out of paper and pasted in the field . Owner Mode is cool , but it takes way too long to sim through games . It is very deep , going all the way to single-A teams . I think this is overkill . I was real excited about the build-your-own-stadium feature . But there are n't as many options as I thought there would be , and it takes forever to build up enough money to make significant changes to your stadium . Overall , this game was n't worth the $ 30 I paid for it . I should have rented it first . Live and learn .
 This is a pointless game . The Object is to move a bubble to the end of each level without popping it . it 's okay for little kids .
 When I first played Fight Night 1 i was convinced that it was the best boxing game of all time . I couldnt wait for part 2 ... but now that part two is here i have to ask what happend to the game i knew and love ... The biggest complaint -LRB- not mine -RRB- about last years version was for people who fought with buttons ... -LRB- which i actually gave you a very realistic button/punch setup -RRB- however buttons will do you know good on this one . the game has been changed to favor analog use . even though it not a great control scheme for a sport like boxing . . my question is simple WHY . . I read in one video game magazine that the buttons where a cheat way to victory ... but I seriously doubt if the reviewer actually has ever seen a boxing match on TV ... let alone ringside . . So now we have HAYMAKER PUNCHES ... which i have actually never heard of before ... It lets u throw harder punches by playing with the analog ... my question is this ... Why would and uppercut not be as strong because the person is using buttons . . Think about that ... I thought all punches hurt . . and since i have actually boxed before . . i would like to tell u that they do ... This is the single greatest error in video game history . . Buttons actually made u feel like a real boxer ... the anolog just seems like you dont even have to know boxing to beat anybody ... In short its for gamers and not fans of the actual sport
 As a big fan of the Fight Night series , I expected this to be a great game . But noooo . They took everything good about Fight Night and flushed it down the drain , keeping all the bad parts and constructing an invention from scratch.When they proudly looked upon the garbage heap , they decided to title it Fight Night Round 2 .
 I rented this game.I created my guy , and entered him in the Heavyweight class.I went through the ranks with this guy , starting around rank 50 , i worked through the guys , some stronger than others , i eventually reached the first place guy.So after KOing him , you get the heavyweight belt woo hoo , then you go down one weight class to light hevyweight , easier cause they dont have as much power , so then you get up to the 1st place guy and k.o him too.then you go for the Unified title , which is basically a really strong and fast guy , so i eventually k.oed him too . then you defend your titles until you lose them . then theirs not much else you can do , its not for friends coming over cause you need time to get used to the controls.i thought it was good at first , then you realize that you just wasted 20 hours of your life for nothing , not much entertainment at all .
 WHY , WHY , WHY I LOVED THE FIRST , THEY SHOULD OF JUST LEFT IT AL0NE . THE WORST PART ABOUT THE GAME IS THE STUPID ASS EARTHQUAKE THAT HAPPEN ASS SOON AS U PUNCH SOMEONE THE WHOLE SCREEN SHAKES , ?????????? DUMB ! I GAVE IT TWO STARS JUST BECAUSE THE GRAPHICS ARE GOOD THATS IT .
 wrong ... i shouldve rented this game before i went out and spent 50 of my hard earned dollars . Like everyone else , i am a huge fanboy of the original Fight Night , prolly the greatest boxing game ever made . So , i read some reviews in gaming magazines and saw nothing but praises for round 2 . i was especially hyped over the new one punch knoockouts , the `` haymakers '' . Alas , my greatest expectations have become my worst nightmare . The game focuses so much on the damn haymaker you might as well not even bother throwing any other punches . that is if you can figure out how to throw the damn thing to begin with , its like the same motion as ken and ryus rising uppercut from street fighter . and having to time that in between blocks and parrys is a pain in the A$ $ . i mean , i parry the other guys punches left and right , and then slam him with 4 or 5 regular hooks and uppercuts and he doesnt even stumble . But you get poked with 3 haymakers -LRB- which is all the computer throws -RRB- and your eating canvas . in the first fight night a counter regular uppercut sometimes floored the guy!I also like using the buttons for my punches , i cant stand the Total Punch Control , but now you cant even win a fight without it , cuz thats the only way to throw a haymaker . i wish the would have integrated a button press for the haymaker . so if your used to the button punching scheme youll have a hard time winning the tougher fights.Some of the good things i guess is that the graphis are top notch , and you can now punch on the move . the in fight commentary is alot better than big tigger . The creat boxer is a lot deeper this year.oh wait , another thing that pisses me off ... when you fight in career mode , and turn pro , you dont even get to fight the real pros that are in the game . Like I played as a middleweight , i turned pro and looked at the rankings , i was 50 , i scrolled up and saw no hopkins , no winky or anyone , that was all the fun in the first one , being able to climb to the top and deck the real life pros with your creata boxer.So , if you loved the first game , and prefer the button scheme over the Total punch control , i sugest you rent this one before buying !
 Three steps forward last year with Fight Night 1 , four steps back with this title . Greath graphics and ... . that 's about it . Get 's real old real fast . Fighting mechanics do not feel organic , difficult still , even with the improvements to throw combos and the using the fight stick has literally given me a blister on my right thumb . Rent it to see for yourself , avoid buying it .
 Personally I thought this game was good till I got MLB 2K5 . It 's no match . MLB wins this year . I loved MVP last year . ESPN was horrible last year . Last year , MVP had great dynasty mode , good graphics , great sound effects , great minor system and good gameplays . But this year , there were no change expect for some ardadic things.People actually say graphics all same . And that 's right ! Graphics remains same as last year and it is . Hell , MLB 2K5 got real improved . Owner Mode was GOOD . But not as good as MLB 2K5 'S GM Career . The thing they REALLY GOT MESSED UP was
 This game is worse than before . The commentary is boring . The batting is bad . And , the graphics are not realistic enough . I rate this game as worse than before because it shows very little progress from last year 's version.EA Sports needs to create games that make you feel you are at or participating in a REAL game -LRB- look , sound and feel -RRB- . They are taking steps backwards instead of forwards .
 The reason Bonds is n't in this game , or any others I think , is the same reason he was n't in ASB 2005 ... . He 's an a-hole ! He decided to be a jerk -LRB- surprise -RRB- and would not let any of these games portray him . Just Barry being Barry . If you ask me , the games are much better without the # 1 druggie in baseball .
 I ca n't believe I wasted my $ $ on this garbage . The pitching & throwing meters are very irratating . The commentating is boring and repetitive . The crowds look so lifeless & fake . The batting interface is horrible . The no-name music performers suck hard.I 'm returning it for MLB 2K5 , even MLB 2006 is better than this game . Do n't waste your time or money on this game , please look elsewhere for a decent baseball title . Sorry EA , but your baseball title sucks the BIG fattie ! ... . Late .
 As far as a baseball game its fine . But I found it kind of complicated as far as batting . Good game though .
 I enjoyed MVP last year and despised ESPN MLB because it was sloppy . This year , what the hell happened ? MVP is same , and worse ? On the other hand , MLB got better -LRB- Except for Controls -RRB- ! I have my reason and here 's whyPros of MVP : - Okay , but same graphics as last year-Okay Owner mode but hella hard-Mini games look good-Okay controlsCons of MVP : - The new Precision bar is worthless and hard and fussy . I rather have MLB 's K-ZONE-Big Play Control is joke compared to Maximum Fielding . Someone wrote that harder is more realistic . But it 's way too hard and almost IMPOSSIBLE to rob a homer.-Why is graphic same as last year 's except for grasses ? - Hitter 's eye is worthless , I mean , it does n't work than I 've expected-Player ratings are messed up nooooo...-Crappy trax selection is here again ! More crappier than ever ! Geez , last year 's was good , but the musics sucks especially ` Tessie ' - Commentaries are boring , off-topic frequently-The photocopied crowds does n't show any reactions ugh.-Presentation 's bad compare to MLB-What the hell happened to batting cameras ? - Bad onlines . It took 20 minutes to get in.This game is such `` Sad ending '' for MVP . MLB WORTH to have MLB License to lock up ***** MVP . Do not buy MVP unless your game store is out of MLB . Buy MLB . Save your 10 dollars . MLB wo n't dissapoint youPEACE to everyone
 I played MVP first than I got MLB . I enjoyed it but when I got MLB , I was stunned and felt that MVP was worthless compare to MLB . The only fine thing was Owner Mode and Graphics . Using the hitter 's eye was too easy . I never got struck out . Precision bar was too hard . No crowd cutscenes like Madden . That was totally dissapointing for MVP . MLB had some problems too , but it was n't really big problem for game . Just normal things.Summary
 I purchased this game used and was extremely excited to play it , having only ever played MLB ft. Ken Griffey Jr. on the N64 previously . I figured I 'd love to have a game that 's so customizable and that looks a little better . I 'm not one of those types who needs crazy amazing graphics like what you see on the new `` The Show '' games they 've got on the 360 . To me that 's unnecessary . If there 's any genre of videogames that should be carried by gameplay above looks , it 's sports.Now , granted , sports games are very difficult to make because people have vastly different skill sets , and designers try their best to appease everyone as best they can.That being said , I actually would almost say I hated this game . And I gave it a good few attempts too . It is WAY too difficult . I played on the Rookie setting and lost the first 5 games in a row by margins of like 10 runs . -- Pitching -- I 'm actually a decent player in real life , but I 'm not a pitching strategist , I 'm an outfielder , so they lost me with how difficult the pitching is . I went in as the Braves , and it pitted me against the Marlins first , and I kid you not , they averaged about a home run per inning . And I was n't giving them meatballs . I 'd pitch stuff in the so-called blue ` coldzone ' and they 'd still crank it into the upper deck . I was disappointed that there 's no way to turn off the ` hit zones ' for batting , but leave them on for pitching . I liked having them there so I knew where NOT to pitch for some of the better hitters , but I hated seeing it while I was hitting . More on that in the hitting section . -- Hitting -- This is where I was very disappointed . Now I 'll go ahead and admit I probably just suck way worse than the average guy who sits down and plays a baseball video game , BUT ... that 's why designers put difficulty settings on . If the Rookie setting was actually not horrifically difficult , I may have been able to ease into it and catch on , but as it is I could n't tell . The biggest problem I had with the hitting system is not the hitter 's eye . The color flashes so quickly it 's a wonder it helps anyone at all . I was frustrated when I read all the reviews from dudes who complained that it made it too easy . I think some of it is that I 'm used to the circle/pitch locator system that MLB ft. Ken Griffey uses on the N64 . That worked tremendously well because it 's challenging , but you can still see what you 're missing and you have a way to improve as the season goes on . Maybe I 'm spoiled by it . Maybe a realistic baseball game is supposed to be very difficult . I do n't really care . I wish they had included this feature on MVP because I honestly thought it was so intuitive that that must be the standard most other games use for their hitting . If they had included that feature , I probably would be giving this thing a 4/5 because I 'd be able to improve . I bought this thing to sit down and enjoy playing a video game , and at times it made me so frustrated I had to just turn the thing off and leave the room . -- Fielding -- This was by far the worst aspect of the game , and the one that left me speechless at how unintuitive it was . There were times when the ball would get hit directly to a certain outfielder , and I 'd start moving the control stick toward it , and then it would inexplicably switch to the other fielder , leaving my guy standing there like an idiot watching the ball go over his head . And this happened like 3 times per game . So the other team would get triples on things that should have been outs . There 's nothing remotely ` fun ' about that at all . On a more pleasant note , I did like the throwing meter ; that was a very good , intuitive feature , and it worked well . -- Things I did like -- The ONLY redeeming features in here are the degree of customizing you can do , the immense size of the game -LRB- managing a major league team plus 3 minor league teams for 120 years is just mind numbingly awesome -RRB- , and the mini games . And the only redeeming mini game was the hitting one . This was actually arguably worth the $ 5 by itself . I loved the hitting in here because it showed at least which side of the plate the ball would come in on . And the vortexes/ramps/cutouts were well thought out and simulated the actual hot spots on the field very well . I liked how they integrated those things with the point system . All good things to say about the hitting mini game . The pitching mini game was stupid . I liked the idea , but it did n't work . I 'd hit the middle of a huge chunk of colors , and it would say I missed . I do n't really know why that is . The home run contest was ok , but I thought it lacked a lot of the satisfaction in hitting a home run since the camera never showed where the ball ended up . It stayed on the batter the whole time.Maybe this game is worth your time . If you 've played a lot of games like it , and are good at them , you 'll probably love this game for its features . I did not . The Rookie setting not being easy enough , plus the counterintuitive fielding , plus the inexplicably difficult pitching and hitting left me craving a better experience.I 'm just glad I only paid $ 5 for it .
 First off , this is the best baseball game I have ever played . Unfortunately , Microsoft has made it incompatible with the XBox 360 console . Earlier MVP games -LRB- '03 and ' 04 -RRB- are apparently compatible , but 2005 is not . Buyer beware , if you are planning on playing this game on a 360 , you will be disappointed .
 I do n't get it ? There 's no target to zoom in on the ball to hit it ? What are you supposed to do ? In the past I have always played baseball games that had an oval with an X in the middle to zero in on the pitch to hit it , and that was the most fun part of the game . I do n't see that on this one ??? -LRB- I bought used with no instruction book -RRB- If you 're telling me your just supposed to hit the swing button when it comes over the plate that is pretty feakin LAME !!!
 I just got my new MVP 2005 shipped ... man , I was really dissapointed .1 . Hitter 's eye was LOOKING GOOD , but it 's like cheating , and I NEVER got struck out because of that stupid color thing on the ball and I scored my first game 19 in 6 innings with that .2 . Good Graphic is the only reason that I did n't give it 1 star . But , the face map is bad . Matsui looked bad , and Victor Martinez , Coco Crisp and Jose Cruz Jr. looked all same to each other .3 . Fielding is HELLA difficult . Just like last year4 . Commentary are still bad , cheesy , late ... 5 . Some guy 's ratings were massed . Aramis Ramirez is too underrated . Manny Ramirez was too overrated in that Game .6 . Only good thing was creative create-a-ballpark mode7 . Not many cutscenesWell , I 'm waiting for another ship order-MLB 2K5 . I 'll post my opinion with it
 I really wanted to like this.I really did but I lent this off a friend and was very dissapointed.First time I was impressed but I was n't 2nd time.It was repetitive and I was told it had a superb British Hip Hop soundtrack and it had about as much pop music in it as Smash Hits music channel and the tricks got boring as hell and you just kept losing in trick terms and I say AVOID!Forget everyone else it is not that good!Stick with the real FIFAs if u wat to play and if u want to manage a club , play LMA -LRB- Very underrated -RRB- ! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I 'm a big fan of the EA Big Street series . I 'm also a huge fan of soccer . I was pumped to play this game.Unfortunately I am underwhelmed . The game play seems a bit lame and static compared to what you would expect from the street series . Most of this comes from controls that are not responsive . The point of the game is to beat your opponent with wild dribble moves . Unfortunately when the opponent uses a move on you , you literally lose control of your player while the animation shows your guy getting schooled . The soccer AI in this game is so poor that none of your other players can be counted on to help out your stranded teammate.I just do n't see a lot of replay value in this as the controls and gameplay are so static and frustrating.Also disappointing is the fact that when you create a new team to play through the single player mode , your team is ranked at level 13 and your first opponent is level 25 . I played ten matches and won only once because my players are hopelessly outclassed.Some redeeming qualities of the game ... there is a huge roster of real life soccer stars from several countries . Fans of European soccer will be happy to see Beckham , Henry , Totti , Ronaldo , Ronaldinho , etc. . Unfortunately , if your favorite star does not come from one of the dozen featured countries , forget about finding him in the game , which means no Schevchenko , Van Nistelrooy , Ljungberg , and none of the Greeks who won last year 's Euro Tournament.The graphics in this game are very nice . The players look stylish and are dead-ringers for the real players . The environments are decent looking too.The lack of XBox Live play is absolutely unforgivable in a sports title of this nature . This is a terrible oversight.In the end , I can not recommend FIFA Street to anyone besides the most avid of soccer fans , and even then , do n't expect to get a lot of replay value out of this .
 Got the wrong thing1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16
 This games is based on the new Spongebob movie , and the official website advertizes this game as being available on PC , PS-2 , X-Box and Gamecube . The trailer for this game shows 3D action like that of Spyro The Dragon , Jakk3 etc.Installing this game on the PC revealed that PC users have been stiffed with a stupid 2D-eqsue `` Monkey Island '' - type puzzle solving adventure game operated by soley the mouse.The previous Spongebob Squarepants game `` Battle for Bikini Bottom '' for PC is the same . The PC version of both games are NOTHING REMOTELY like the versions on action games for PS-2 , X-Box , Gamecube etc. . The website makes no distinction . The official website is totally misleading on this . The trailers for both games show Spongebob and Patrick in 3D action . This is severly not the case for either the PC version.While this game is funny , it 's a fizzer . Any kid can complete the game within a few hours , and will never play it again .
 Sorry to say this title was one of worse games my family has played on the PC in a long time -LRB- and we buy and play about 1 game a week -RRB- . I bought this for my 11 year old as she loved the other spongebob games . But after about 1 minute of `` playing '' this game , she gives me this look , `` like you really do n't still think I 'm an infant do you ? '' . The basic `` fun '' of this game is point and clicking on various objects in bikini bottom and having spongebob say some cutish comment about them . This is interspersed with very simple puzzle solving and general walking around.If you want to save your hard earned cash , avoid this one like the plague .
 My 6-year old son loved Spongebob Battle for Bikini Bottom and had so much fun with it I bought him this one thinking it would be similar . Wrong ! This is very frustrating and difficult . Even I was stumped in several places . Unless you want to have a very upset child asking you to figure out every move , do n't waste your time or money . Get Battle for Bikini Bottom instead .
 Hello I am 11 years old . I bought this game last christmas eve becasue I saw commercials of the video game and decided to get the PC verison . I thought the game would be the same as console versions and the movie . When I played it on Christmas morning , I was dead wrong . There is no battle and driving levels in the game . Spongebob does not act heroic in the game . He just acts like a little baby . Do n't buy this pile of sh ** . Buy the Gamecube , PS2 , and Xbox versions . This game sucks badly .
 Once again , THQ has pulled one on the PC community . The XBOX and PS2 versions of the game are action 3-D games that let you control the characters of Bikini Bottom -LRB- Like the Spyro The Dragon games -RRB- . They are actually fun for the kids to play ! The PC version is an adventure game like the old Sierra Online products such as `` King 's Quest '' - but with updated graphics and a few mini-games tossed in . The game is very short and has no replay value since the adventure never changes . Why does the publisher do this ? All three boxes for the game a very similar - and when your kids play the demo for the PS2 version at the store and see the same box over in the PC section - they grab it thinking it 's the same game . Only to be greatly disappointed when they go to play the game at home ! Avoid this version of the game !
 When I first saw the box of the Spongebob movie game for PC , I thought it was gamecube , XBOX , and PS2 version . When I bought the game and started to play , I was really dissapointed . The whole game has extremly nothing to do with the real movie . How come in level 3
 I bought this game for my son . I tried to put it on his laptop . Toshiba P4 with Nvidia card . It would not load properly and did not work . Went to THQ for answers and after days of Email all I got was that I needed to update my display driver . Only problem is that there is none . Tried it on my Centrino laptop and it would not even load . There are major compatibilty issues with this game . Support is poor .
 As you can see from the other reviews , there is a major problem with the installation of this game . The installation program takes five minutes to load the first screen which makes you believe that it is n't working at all . Even after you supposedly install the game , the graphics are all messed up and the game generates page faults all over the place.I very large stinking pile of crap ! Do NOT buy this game . You have been warned . At the time of this writing 75 % of the reviewers could n't install the game and get it to work .
 My 8-year old son was very , very excited to receive this item for Valentine 's day from a relative to play on the ** brand new ** Dell computer that he got for Christmas . He ripped the packaging to shreds in his glee to open it and begin play.It wo n't work.We 've tried it on his computer -LRB- NEW ! -RRB- and my 3-year old -LRB- but then top-of-the-line -RRB- Dell and neither will run the game claiming one `` hardware failure '' after another . E-mail to THQ yielded no assistance whatsoever.Before you buy this , consider very , very carefully what the minimum system requirements are .
 This game is really bad . The only new thing is the gore factor which at first is different but it gets old and unexciting real fast . Plays like -LSB- edited -RSB- . After the third mission I totally lost interest . ... . I was really looking forward to this game and then I became disappointed real fast . Next time this company should spend their time in developing a more realistic type of game and get away from the hitman type feel . This is a renter and even then entertaining for only a few hours . Do n't waste your time or $ on this one . ...
 It 's a good thing that I only paid 1 cent -LRB- $ 4 after shipping -RRB- for this game because a penny is all it is worth . I realize this is an Xbox title , but compared to ALL of he Xbox games I own this is the worst . The graphics are horrible , it is rendered it what I can only describe as extra grainy . I think that the intro and opening of the could conceivably warrant the grainy look of the graphics , but the whole ` effin game looks like that . The game mechanics are poor . The contoller layout for the game are bad . Being able to cover so you do n't get shot , aiming , ducking , all of these are difficult if not impossible to do effectively . If you are looking for a Vietnam conflict shooter to play , like I was , then for the love of God buy this used for a penny like I did or do n't buy his game at all . Again I realize this is an Xbox title and it is old , but I play GTA III , Vice City , and San Andreas , and they all equal if not excel over the PC versions of the game and put to shame the PS2 versions . And those are n't the only titles I own , of the 30 + Xbox games I play on my Xbox 360 this is the worst . There are many 3rd person shooters that were out when this was released -LRB- Max Payne 1 & 2 come to mind -RRB- that are very well executed . The makers of this game were lazy or did n't care . Pass on this game .
 This game does not hold up the voice acting is horrid . The graphics are crap ! And the story is just not interistting . Good for a good cheap thrill nothing else
 I have been waiting for this title to come out for a long time , but sadly I 'm disgusted with how this game plays and looks . If I 'm not mistaken this company is creating -LSB- edited -RSB- . If that 's the case , it 's not a good showing for what to expect . The graphics on `` Shell Shock '' look a few years old , the movement of the character is slow and rough . And the overall feel for the game is boring . Compare this game to -LSB- edited -RSB- There 's no comparisons . This is a definite trade-in and title to forget .
 This game is terrible ! I went and got it the day it came out and played it for about a half hour and hated it . This is coming from a gamer who is only into mature titles , mostly war games such as -LSB- edited -RSB- The reasons this game sucks is too many to list but be warned ... wait for -LSB- edited -RSB- !
 ... -- After playing the modern games like -LSB- edited -RSB- , or -LSB- edited -RSB- , the graphics are amateurish and basic ... , the refresh rate made my eyes go nuts -LRB- too slow a transition makes blocky shifts in movement -RRB- , a trooper that refuses to keep his weapons at the alert or ready position -LRB- after all contact is imminent -RRB- , who slings his weapon while transitioning to a grenade -LRB- while getting gunned down all the while -RRB- , to VC almost invisible -LRB- I have a high end system -RRB- through the reeds but plenty able to see you , not to mention your Vietnam flak-vest can take tons of hits from a 7.62 , but fall off a rice paddy dyke and you 've bought it troop ; all make this game too juvenile to play . More like a collection of Hollywood and 60 's protesters visions of the Nam -LRB- picking off war trophies like rank insignia to get hookers to make boom-boom which is one of the mature rating reasons -RRB- to trading with the local pogue for postcards , drugs , Liberty passes is too much ... ... . this one is better left till it 's on the four dollar shelf at EB . Do n't buy it for graphics , do n't buy it for game play , do n't buy it for 3rd person shooter , do n't even buy it if you just want to blow off steam -LRB- get Serious Sam -RRB- , just get it when you have bought everything else and have an extra ...
 Working in the software industry , I know how things work . QA finds problems during testing , Development claims it takes too long to fix problems , Marketing ignores everything and give Sales the `` go ahead '' to sell the product anyway ... and this is the result . Here are the reasons I gave 1 star -LRB- would have given -1 but ... -RRB- 1 . Very difficult to install -LRB- you must be comfortable with computer internals -RRB- . It requires configuration changes to eliminate sound and video glitches unles your PC is brand new and has the latest and greatest in terms of video and sound cards .2 . Even though there are several Chapters with 2-3 games in each , you can only select the first game of the first chapter . Due to the level of difficulty , we -LRB- my son and I -RRB- have not been able to complete the 1st game so we have n't seen how the other ones are .3 . The -LRB- poor -RRB- booklet that comes with the S/W mentions a SAVE option , which in reality , does not exist . So , every time the little boy runs out of `` lives '' or if you want to quit the game , you can not save it . The S/W kicks you out and you need to start from total scratch .4 . Very poor customer support . The 800 number does not get you anywhere and the website does not have any entry for this particular S/W . All in all , I strongly suggest that you save your money until something better comes up . I also bought my son the GameBoy version but since I have n't given to him yet , I 'm seriously thinking about returning it .
 DO NOT BUY THIS CD ROM . YOU ARE WASTING YOUR MONEY . This product made by THQ , priced at $ 19.99 , for my grandson for Christmas 2004 , is still sitting on his CD shelf . I installed it on our new computer and then un-installed it . The software is very poor . I have purchased approximately 50 CD ROMs for my grandson and never had problems like I had with Polar Express.It was very difficult to install . I called Customer Support and they told me I needed to install an additional video and sound card on my NEW top of the line Dell computer . I could tell the representative did not know what they were talking about , because this was the same thing they told me when I called Customer Support when I had problems installing the software on my old HP computer . Forget about getting help on their website . Basically , we have a pretty Polar Express box sitting on our CD shelf .
 This is a very frustrating game . This reminds me of the first Harry Potter game where there is one section of the game in the beginning which is very challenging . Once you get past that first part , the rest of the game is fun . Except getting past the first part in Polar Express game is harder than playing Half Life and much less rewarding . It is really sad because the graphics in this game are very nice . The game has the potential to be absolutely fantastic . Instead , it will just drive you nuts .
 THQ did a good job in the annimation of the characters , and the plot line is good.There are several severe drawbacks though which would prevent me from : No cameral angles . It is straight ahead only . No panoramic views , which means keyboard only and no mouse controls.No ability to change the controls.No manual save , the game designates save points , and on top of it , you have to go through many scenarios before a save point arrives . You only have 5 chances of getting through them all before the game ends , before you run out of `` life '' or `` heart , '' Your `` heart '' level does n't increase between scenarios.Objects are sometimes difficult to capture . The game requires several complex jumps in order to capture objects , but because there is no camera , it is difficult to determine how close or far you are from the object.All in all , I feel that they rushed this to the shelves to meet the Christmas season , and even though it was n't expensive , I am still disappointed when games do n't perform to a satisfactory level .
 This software makes it extremely difficult to grab objects , then penalizes the frustrated child by preventing the child from saving the game -LRB- because the child ca n't progress far enough to have earned the ability to save a game -RRB- . Avoid this software .
 when i bought it i was so excited -LRB- i hoped it would be better than the movie -RRB- it wasnt . it was worse . i go bored in about an hour . i traded it for shark tale on gamecube . it was sooooo much better . buy anything but the polar express .
 I bought this game for my son and found it extremely frustrating , to say the least . You have to complete the first game before you can go on to the the next game . You can not pick and choose . Also , you can not save the level you are on . You have to start over and over again . THE MAKERS OF THIS GAME SHOULD BE UTTERLY ASHAMED OF THEMSELVES FOR MAKING THIS GARBAGE IN ORDER TO MAKE SOME MONEY .
 This mat is absolutely terrible . The wireless makes a delay so whenever you try and hit an arrow it NEVER GETS PERFECT ! I 'm using this with a Dual Box Ps2 > USB converter and Stepmania . I compared it to my Intec wired pad and it was incredible how much easier the wired pad was . I am going to buy another pad and sell this one somehow . My advice is to not buy this product .
 Most definitely NOT in the same league as Punch-Out . It 's pretty , granted , but the bland , unnecessarily slow-paced gameplay , which relies less on actual strategy and more on ridiculous amounts of endurance , more than counteracts any good the graphics might have done.Also , `` dumb hick '' humour has been done to death . This game is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is . A few of the characters have admittedly amusing designs , but without clever writing to back it up , they fail to make any sort of real impact.Clearly , this game is made by people who liked Punch-Out , yet somehow they 've missed out on the elements that actually made that game , y' know , fun . This would n't be horrible as a free fan Flash game . As something you 're actually expected to pay money for , though ... no thanks .
 This game is very limited . There was supposed to be a website where you could download added features . But the original company sold , so no extras .
 Disappointing game with amateurish game play . Graphics are okay but you can have more fun playing solitare than this . Looks elsewhere if you enjoy casino games - even on line games are better produced than this game . I wish I had n't purchased this ... peeyew ...
 I bought it as a gift for my boyfriend because he loves all things rincewind.We popped it in and found the catchphrases repetitive and annoying and some of the `` puzzles '' were next to impossible.Overall , not that fun , no matter how much you love discworld .
 `` they gave me the wrong memory card !!! but one thing good about it is that if i got the memorycard that i ordered , then it wouldnt work good because my friend told me that whatever u save on the `` NYKO 81529 Memory Card for GameCube -LRB- 8 MB -RRB- '' all the data is going to be lost !!! IT WILL BE LOST AS SOON AS U FINISH PLAYING THE GAME AND SHUT THE GAME POWER OFF !!! SO PEOPLE , BUY THE NINTENDO MEMORY CARD BRAND , BUY THE ONE THAT ARE MADE FROM NINTENDO COMPANYS AND U 'LL SEE WHATS THE DIFFERINCE !!! -LRB- IT 'LL BE ALOT OF DIFFERINCE BETWEEN THEM -RRB- ''
 Worked only once and the connection was lost in a second , only one end of the cable is fully recognizable by the Gameboy Advance , the other i tried moving it around , blowing on it , plugging it into other systems and it never worked again . The best choice must be definitely to buy the official nintendo link cable
 Has a lot more buttons on it than I was expecting -LRB- only expecting a reload button and trigger -RRB- . So that was a happy surprise . But , although the item I bought was labeled as ` brand new ' , I can only shoot to about 70 % of the tv screen . No matter what I do -LRB- short of taking it apart -RRB- , I ca n't seem to fix that , which has diminished desire to play any of my guncon games .
 Two stars is perhaps too harsh , however I tend to share a similar view as other initial reviewers . I set very high expectations for Reel Deal Card Games because of the online multiplayer option , which in my book anyway , is a highly desireable feature . Most other games do not -LRB- as yet -RRB- offer this particular feature . Nevetheless , this all too familiar card games suite -LRB- and there are many other competing titles like it , most noteably under `` Hoyles '' banner -RRB- has turned out to be a bit of a disappointment for me also.First , and foremost , the BIGGEST hit against this product is the needless and antiquated requirement to have the `` installer '' PC-ROM disc loaded in your DVD/CD-ROM drive to play games . That anti-piracy tactic has been outdated for years , yet this game just got released in 2007 ! My favorite game is CRIBBAGE , and the only game that really interested me when I purchased this product . That , and I was really intrigued by the online multiplayer feature , which turns out to be a `` catch as catch can '' alternative to playing a game -LRB- solo -RRB- against the computer . Nevertheless , this feature could have justified the purchase , appears to work as advertised , but still leaves a bit more to be desired . The only caveat is that there actually must be other people who want to play the same card game -LRB- s -RRB- as you , AT THE SAME TIME , and Phantom EFX 's online server must be dependable 24/7 - via the Internet - to actually use such a `` social '' computing feature.This game has a kind of `` cutzie '' devilish side . While playing games , there are A.I. computer generated , somewhat animated players that `` talk '' to you , -LRB- more like throw taunts at you -RRB- , to liven things up a bit . Some of their comments can be kind of humorous , but if they become too obnoxious or distracting , the sound can be adjust lower in volume in the game 's menu mode , to shut them up . Their commentary is not essential to play the game . All that you need to know is visually presented in each game , but the `` 3D '' graphics -LRB- for a latest generation game -RRB- is far from spectacular.For people who want to `` learn '' how to play card games , the difficulty level seems well suited for beginners , and there is online instructions to explain the rules of each game.Maybe this game will grow on me with time , but my first impression was it lacks the rather elusive WOW factor for a `` new '' game . That , and Reel Deal Card Games probably should be less costly to purchase considering it smacks of a nearly decade old jewel case rendition for a much earlier version of Windows . Three or more stars could well be too generous , but Phantom still deserves an `` E '' for Effort having developed a card game suite that somewhat `` teaches '' as well as entertains -LRB- including all the standard , plus several common variations -RRB- , with `` extra '' features still unavailable in most other games . All of which translates to something more stimulating than merely playing a strickly business , run of the mill , computer card game .
 Bought two copies of this game specifically because it had free online play . Well , they have been updating their servers and your account will say expired as soon as you create it . Emailed the company , they gave me ONE day of online play and then wanted $ 9.99 / month to renew when my account expired again the next day . I also found during the one day they gave me that there can be no computer players for empty seats ... so for me , playing 4 handed Pinochle -LRB- the only option for online play -RRB- with my friend entailed waiting for two strangers to join us -LRB- and that can take awhile -RRB- . If you do n't want online play and you can get this for like $ 5 , go for it , otherwise , it is a waste of money . The company also told me they are focusing on their subscription based casino games and do n't care to support this product further . Stay away from this game , and this company 's products .
 It 's like playing with a two-year-old . The programed players constantly cheat or it adds wrong or just ignores the rules . You ca n't cheat , but it does . After a very short time it 's just no fun . Unless , of course , you like playing with two-year-olds . Save your money and buy a decent program .
 Difficult to install . Wants to be used with internet . Screen size is n't adjustable . Overall I just do n't like it and Hoyles is a much better card game software . I would not recomend to any one !
 This is very inferior to the3 Hoyle Card GAmes I also have .
 Face it . Unless you ca n't deal , there is n't a game out there that simulates cards good enough . It is always the same old same old . Are they cheating against me ? Why is n't there all kinds of hi score and records files ? Why are the ever-changing rules so concretely decided with no options in games like Hearts ? And what is the deal with attempting to throw in graphics that just end up ruining the game ? Duh
 By far the worst racing game ever terrible graphics terrible damage effects and even with the cheats it seems lame and east will not recommend this to anyone BEWARE !!!!!!!!! do n't buy this game
 It says it plays fine yet it dose n't play at all !!!! I paid for a game to play but it just says that there 's no disc in the console !!!
 I really enjoyed the gameboy pokemon games . I never bought stadium or collosium though , because I liked pokemon for its RPG elements and catching all the pokemon . When I heard that nintendo was bringing Pokemon to GameCube as an actual RPG I was very excited . This game is not a full pokemon RPG ; it 's nothing more than Stadium/Collosium with a few basic RPG elements thrown in . I 'm very disappointed in nintendo , not just for their poor game , but for all but lying about what it was .
 This should not be available . i mean `` gale of darkness '' ? do you want the children of today to be hypnatized with all the is evil ? i mean it is just wrong to letting kids see this much darkeness . kids like me need to be experiences good stuff like ponies , bunnies , and cats , the light of the world , good stuuf NOT EVIL !!! PLEASE LISTEN TO MY ADVICE SO YOU DO NOT HELP RAISE A BAD INFLUENCE !!!!!!!!!!!! and yes i am 11 yrs old ... . if you want anymore bold ideas from we just e-mail me at -LSB- ... -RSB- please . you are setting a bad influence umong kids .
 I rented this game for two weeks . I liked it for the first few days , then got increasingly bored with it . It lacked something that Colosseum had , that was
 I dont believe this they did it , AGAIN ! This pokemon game is as worst as its predecesor , I mean , when we were back in the 2003 Nintendo announced a POKEMON RPG adventure for the cube , at first it was like WOW !!! I thought it was going to be like a gameboy game just that it was for the cube , this was a really good idea so I waited to the release date , the wait was finally over I got this game , I even remember saying
 This game has been recalled because of problems with the dance mat . That is why it is no longer available from retailers . Nintendo is working on fixing the problem and then will re-release it . Buyer beware !
 I was surprised to see this still for sale . It was discontinued a while ago because the pad breaks . If you are buying it now , it is used and likely already broken . If not , it will be soon .
 The game is super fun . We love Mario DDR . However , we had to buy a new one , because this game would n't let us play anything but the demo . Everytime we would try to play the story mode , an error message would appear on the screen .
 WARNING : ********** DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ! ********** THIS IS A BAD DDR GAME!I got this game not to long after it came out , I was VERRY exited ! -LRB-^_^-RRB- Then I played it with my firends , I played the PS2 version -LRB- PS2 DDR WAS GREAT !!!! -RRB- So I assumed DDR mario was great too , BUT ... -LRB- 1st -RRB- Im used to having to unlock stuff in a game , Even songs ! , but having to unlock ALL the songs ! -LRB- * _ * | -RRB- That mad me pretty mad ! -LRB- 2nd -RRB- The only song that was unlocked was
 I became a big DDR fan while visiting a friend out of state . I played on her XBOX and it was awsome . When I found out that they were finally making a DDR for my gamecube I was so excited . I go get this game the first day it comes out , go home and start to play and it stinks ! It only takes like an hour to get through the whole game and it does n't burn nearly as many calories as the other DDR games and is n't as difficult . My suggestion is to go out and get the Madcatz MC Grooves if you really want a dance game for gamecube . It 's cheaper and a lot more fun . Do n't waste your money like I did on this game . It 's not worth it . If you have small children , I can see where this game might be fun , but if your over the age of 12 , do n't buy this game .
 This game might be just the thing if you have never played Dance Dance Revolution and you only have a Gamecube -- but if you are already a fan of the series , you will be disappointed.The biggest problem is that it is way too easy . I am no Dance Dance Master by any stretch of the imagination ; I am risking heart failure at just 5 to 6 `` feet '' on the Playstation games -LRB- out of 9 -RRB- , but on Mario Mix I go straight to the hardest song , set it to `` Super Hard , '' -LRB- which requires finishing the even more tedious `` Very Hard '' setting -RRB- and am still bored before I am halfway through.Not helping the situation is the weak music selection
 could n't get the registration codes to work with my Vista OS even after downloading the vista compatible POL . Still no success , not happy .
 I am still in the recovery process from this game . For over a year I would spend 4-8 hours a day playing this game and even though its been a year since I 've quit I still have the desire to go back and play more . The game involves hours and hours of sitting around waiting for everthing to work together so you can spend minutes actually fighting . When everything works together it is fun , do n't get me wrong , but I assure you that everything working together is rare.There is another problem with gil . It takes a lot of work , and I mean work , to get money on this game and to add to your troubles item and equipment are ridiculously overpriced . The time you need to commit to this game is again increased.If your interested in buying this game to try it I will tell you what to look forward to
 Was shipped fast . . if you have to pay a monthly subscription to play a game it is n't worth it with all the other games out there that do n't charge .
 I 've been a long time fan of Final Fantasy games , this was my first MMO too , got it when it first came out , around 2000 or so . It was ok at first but then it got real repeditive real fast . It is the same mobs and same levels all the time , just different difficulty mobs . the expansions that have come out for this are just a waste of money , maybe a few extra missions and quests , but all in all , its the same thing over and over . Once you can get past all that , this game is so overtaken with cheaters , that for you to be able to get good gear or weapons , you need to . . guess . . yes thats right spend money ! you have to buy gil to get anywhere in this game because gilsellers run this game and as long as SE never sees the problem with this then the game will always be ruined . Next , if you can get past all that bs then for you to actually level up , considering you have any gear or weapons or spells worth a damn , then you usually sit and wait for pt 's a looooong time . Yes , be prepared to wait forever and a day to level up any , and SE made this so hard to level alone that it will take same amount of time to solo or party to get any levels in this game . Well if you can get past all that . . then you got more time and money to waste than I do . I highly recomend a different game if you are looking for a good MMO or RPG or both .
 One of my friends started playing this and I thought I would give it a try . This is n't a bad game , there are just some things that were really frustrating about it . I played it for about a month and cancelled it before I was billed the first time because I did n't think I would be playing it much.I like FF but I have n't played it for a while and am not a really big fan , so if you are a big FF you might like it more than I did.First of all , this game has a steep learning curve . This is n't necessarily a bad thing , but you are n't going to jump in and be an expert after a couple days . It does n't help that the manual is in a pdf file rather than an actual book you can look at while you play . Maybe I missed it but things such as fame really is n't explained that well if at all . I liked it myself in that it was challeneging , but my friend did n't . The interface is in my opinion made more for a console controller than a computer . That being said , even using a controller the interface is in my opinion pretty hamfisted . I played a warrior and if I wanted to taunt I had to go through 3 menus , and then taunt the npc . You can create a macro to do this for you , but in my opinion you should n't have to write macros to do things like that.I do n't like the application you need to go through to get into the game . It is where you register the game and expansions -LRB- along with other games made by the publisher -RRB- , and you can add friends , send messages and stuff like that . If I click on the FFXI icon I wish it would just take me to the login screen instead of having to go through all that every time I want to play . This is kind of nitpicky I guess , but it just got old after a while.You also need to download addons to do things that should be included in the game . You need to manually sort your loot items all the time because it does n't autostack , and looting in general is another menu intensive process . You also ca n't alt-tab out of the game to look stuff up on the net , it will kick you out of the game and give you an error if you try it . Like I said these issues are made better through addons , but I do n't think you should have to install addons for essential things like these . I really wish the would rehaul the interface , it looks like it has n't been touched since the game came out.OK , those were all the bad things . The things I liked about it was that it is a lot different than the newer MMORPGs out there , which I think it a good thing . It was really fun to be in a group , and most of them turned out to work good together . Ultimately when my friend stopped playing there just was n't enough there to keep me .
 Only huge Final fantasy fans will like this game . As it has nothing to do with any other FF game . To lv up at a point in the game you must have a party of 6 . Which makes the game quite hard . Expect lots of waiting for parties/crying . This a MMORPG so it will naturally steal your soul . This game not recommended .
 I 've played a lot of MMO games , and I do mean a lot . I was surprised to find though , that out of all of them , many of which were free to play , this had one of the worst user interfaces I 've ever seen . That coupled with the simple fact that the game is just quite boring , in reality I was n't expecting a whole lot , I only bought it to round out my Final Fantasy collection , but I was n't expecting something this bad either . I admit though , that I did n't last long because of how bad it was to me , and so my opinion should n't be seen as a remark on perhaps how the game may play later on , so long as you can last . Lets not forget the fact that it has one of the worst minigames in Final Fantasy history as well . Yeehaw .
 I was sick of waiting for the expansion to WoW and had heard some good things about FFXI . The graphics were descent , but the character control was very ackward . I ended up canceling it before the 30 day trial and went back to playing my old standby of UO while I wait for BC .
 it wos horabel the grafics wer terabel and the contols wer wers it wos just panefull 2 play :O not 2 menchon it tock like 12 huwers just 2 get it 2 werk ... wers game i hav ever playd
 I tried playing Final Fantasy XI a few times since it came out for PC -LRB- 2003 , maybe ? -RRB- and I had to move on . The first time through , things really slowed down around level 18 . You need to do a very annoying quest to get your `` subjob , '' otherwise you 're useless in parties . Also , around level 20 , you make a crazy long and dangerous journey to a big city to get your chocobo , which involves you sitting down at your computer for 5 to 6 hours ! The game gets so ridiculous with the time required to do anything ... And you can forget about going `` solo . '' Quests did n't yield any experience points so your only way to level was to fight . Once you hit levels 10 through 12 , doing that by yourself becomes extremely lengthy and tedious . Monsters that seem like a `` decent challenge '' will really mess you up ... Fighters can take hits , but ca n't cure poison . Mages can do a lot of damage , but spells take time to cast and get interrupted . Red mages almost cut it , but do n't have a lot of hit points ... In short , if you do n't have a good party , your experience points per hour will be terribly low.The second time I played the game , last summer -LRB- it 's 3/23/07 right now -RRB- , there were n't enough people playing to even make parties ! There were only about 2k people logged on to my server period . Before , there were nearly that many within shouting distance.I went to World of Warcraft . It 's possible to get things done in shorter periods of time , and not nearly as dependent on partying with others . Ultimately , FFXI had some good ideas , but World of Warcraft pretty much fixed all the problems I had with FFXI .
 This is quite possibly the worst Final Fantasy game ever created . There is no way to describe the garbage that this game is . I am amazed that they would even put something like this out and make people pay for it . If it was free , I could see it , but to pay for a game as weak as this is ludicrous . The graphics are absolutely horrible for today 's standards . The franchise does n't make enough to bring the game into 2007 ? Free MMORPG 's look better.The character look stupid as all get out , and the controls are slow and sloppy . The interface and overall game play is far worse . The monetary aspect of this game is astonishing . You need so much money to even purchase the simple things . You quickly loose interest in the game after about three hours . This one was no fun at all.The biggest stinker that Square has ever put out . Not to mention , you wo n't find many people playing this game which makes it equally unbearable . This will be one of those purchases where you will feel like you were taken after you open it . That 's exactly what Square is doing with this one .
 yo you ca n't do many tricks . this game is very hard . You ca n't do anything . Almost all you can do is an Indy , Ollie , Method and that 's like the only tricks you can do .
 First of all if you are wanting to play a Mario Tennis game . . is is not it at all . Its an RPG game about a male or female character that you create and then name . This is not a `` plug and play '' game . You will have to go through so much dialogue and walk around talking to many characters before you even get a chance to ... play tennis . The game tries to create a drama about a tennis club that is not needed at all . In short if you are a fan of Mario Tennis games , this is NOT for you . If you are a fan of RPG games that for some random reason toss in tennis at some points ... then this is your game .
 No better than the drive that was already in my XBox . I was trying to fix my XBox 's disc read error problems . This drive did NOT fix the problem . I wasted my money with this purchase . The drive works just as well as the one that originally came with my XBox . Still wo n't play many of the games correctly . Still wo n't play many DVDs at all . In my opinion , it 's a piece of crap and a waste of money .
 There are actually companies out there that sell brand new thomson drives straight from thomson factory ... I myself just bought one from a reputable company and it came factory wrapped and brand spanking new ... dont believe anyone who tells you that the only thomson drives out there available are ones that have been taken out of a xbox ... They are just saying that so they can part out thier xbox drives that they have taken out of usually very used xbox 's ... I mean why else someone tell you they might have wear and scratches ??? Please just shop around before settling for a used product ... Like I said there are plenty of companies that sell brand new factory wrapped thomson drives ...
 I ordered the Thompson DVD ROM replacement drive for the XBOX . The drive was sent to me on time , but it was horrible . The drive was dirty , rusted , bent up and looks like it came out of the trash dump . It doesnt work , I dont understand who thought it did work or would work . I will never use this company again . Horrible .
 Its a good game to play then ignore for a while and come back to when you have nothing else to do . But its not engaging enough to hold your attention for too long . There 's no customization except of the dungeon . There is definitely no replay value , and when you get to the higher levels its annoying when you have to replay the lower levels of the dungeon because you HAVE to have something in order to continoue on or fight your foe . Graphics are n't the greatest , either , but you 'd hope the storyline would help but it does n't . Just not the best game .
 An addictive dungeon crawler . If you ever took the time to design and draw out mazes on graphing paper for your home or after school DnD campaigns with friends , you are going to love this game . Design your own multi-level dungeon and wait for the baddies to come . Real time combat set in your dungeon.For me I am not that detail oriented nor do I care to be creative . I only gave it 2 stars because I wanted something dungeon related but not this much ... others will undoubtedly give it 5 + stars because it will appeal to them more than me .
 My six year old daughter had a lot of trouble figuring this game out . It kept getting stuck and we had to re-boot the computer . Not worth the money .
 Seems I have a huge difference of opinion compared to most here ... but anyways ... on to why I gave it a low rating . First off -LRB- and most obvious -RRB- is loading times . It could have been avoided I believe because maps were n't that huge and it did n't look like way too much detail and information being processed . Graphics I do n't have a gripe with so I 'll skip that . Dialogue in my opinion was terrible . It was extremely static and just felt scripted . Regardless of the fact that it was . It did n't really give me a sense that people were talking as opposed to that they had lines they were supposed to say . Storyline and setup was equally terrible and overused . A main character with amnesia ?! And they just left it that way ? The main character never even had presence ... at all . He just said `` huh ? ok ... '' the whole game -LRB- with exception to battles when he first puts on one of the rings -RRB- . Also you do n't get to know anything ... ANYTHING about the characters until their specific chapter section comes up -LRB- which is really sad because I never got to feel attached to anyone -RRB- and once their story is done you do n't get anything else from them anyways . Next is the way that the plot and surprises were released . Everything was pretty much centered around one lead character and for some reason `` he knew everything but never revealed any of it until after it happened '' . He even says he knew when things were going to happen but chose not to tell anyone . I know some of you will say he had a perfectly good reason but it 's quite possibly the easiest way out of giving a good excuse for keeping information back . I 'd get punched in the face if I did that to those guys . To end it all , the ending was just ... meh . If you want to try a game worthy of my praise , pop in Baten Kaitos on Gamecube and turn off the voices . It 's got a fairytale feel to it at first which I thought was annoying and the card system felt awkward but it 's a game that makes you think and the style is awesome -LRB- although story is kind of predictable -RRB- .
 Air Battles
 This is a pretty good game . The menu is a little hard to understand . The in-game aircraft is not as responsive as it could be but what do you expect for a 16 dollar game . I can not find a free combat sim at this time so I can not compare . Would I buy it again ? Not when I can get better non-combat flight sims for free .
 i wonder why this game works for some but in most cases does not . it just freezes up after clicking on the fly icon . very disappointing
 It loads perfectly , but will not open & run . I get an error message every time and it has to shut down . Zero on the ` fun scale ' .
 ... do yourself a favor and do n't waste your money on this one , it has great grafics if all you want to do is sit and watch but if you intend to fly forget it , i still ca n't configure the joystick buttons to work and the flight model is way too sensitive , you 'll be all over the screen trying to fly while other planes are shooting you down ... the only thing that works right is the `` bail-out '' key .
 Bought it to run on Windows XP , have more than enogh memory and such to run it , but , it ran poorly , locked up and I had to shut the computer off to get rid of the stoppage . I have deleted the game from my computer and may try again one day to see why it did n't work first time out of the box . Merry Christmas !
 * WARNING LONG READ - IN-DEPTH REVIEW - But well worth it ! ** KEY * PvP - Player versus player combat.RvR - Realm versus realm combat.PvE - Player versus environment . Player versus computer AI enemies or MOBs.MOB - Monster or Beast -LRB- pertaining to MMO play -RRB- CC - Crowd Control . Disabling effects on your character to limit or completely remove your character from the fight.Lag - Move slowly ; delay . Due to connection speed or due to gaming engine.Zerg - Reference to a playable race on Starcraft . Tactics of this race are to create mass numbers to overwhelm the enemy.MMO or MMOG - Massively Multi-player Online gamePathing - The direction or manner a MOB is programmed to attack the player.I started playing Dark Age of Camelot shortly after release . Since that time Mythic has undergone many changes - bad changes . Once EA bought out Mythic and laid off about 80 % of their customer service staff and replaced them with a outsourcing firm . The game has become horrendous . To compare with another well known MMO - World of Warcraft . Mythic/EA falls considerably short compared to Blizzard.For example , I have had several customer service interactions with both Blizzard and Mythic . Blizzard reacted to my issues concerned , empathetic , communicative , and extremely . Where as Mythic/EA consist of emails from reps that can not speak English and have a total disregard to your question . When you finally get a actual Mythic/EA rep they either claim to have very little power to assist you or they are flat out unwilling to do so . Under cases such as ; Guild Functions , stuck characters , harassment issues , account recovery , graphic errors , and one of the most troubling player hacking . To highlight a few of these cases , lets first take Player Hacking.Several players have been complaining about this for years . Hackers use speed , buff , map hacks to destroy everyone 's gaming experience but their own . Proof of these encounters including screen shots have been sent to Mythic/EA by players for several years but these hackers still log on everyday like everyone else . Able to exploit the game over and over with little to no disciplinary action . To compare with Blizzard , Blizzard goes out of its way to stop hackers immediately and quickly located/eliminate the exploit.Next highlight , stuck characters . If your character gets stuck in a wall or falls in the floor -LRB- which happens a lot -RRB- then I do not envy your pain . This has happened to many friends , guilders , and myself several times . Sometimes you will get lucky and the / stuck feature will be able to get you out but this rarely happens . If you 're lucky and appeal it a Dev will get you out in about 3-5 hours and remember that is if you are lucky . Most players are stuck for several days . Anywhere from 3-5days . Some players including myself got a response from a dev/csr about four days later saying `` We are showing that you character has already been un-stuck . Is there anything else I can help you with ? '' They send this while you are falling through mid air underneath Darkness Falls or Labs by the way . Which is almost as funny as it is sad.Harassment issues - You could have several players harassing you , even threatening to kill you and they do nothing . They just tell you to ignore the player . Well that 's all well and good but Dark Age of Camelot issues free trials without entering a Credit Card number which entitles players to open unlimited accounts - each with a period of 14 days at their whim . But this issue is not address and guilty players again go without even a slap on the wrist.Do not even contemplate playing this game if you are unwilling to play at least two accounts . You have to use a `` Buffbot '' to even be competitive . Buffbots are Buff/Heal classes that are used by players to buff their `` Main Character '' for a distinct advantage in PvP or PvE . If you ca n't afford at least 27.98 a month and that 's not including tax . -LRB- Yes , I said tax . Unlike other MMO 's Mythic/EA tack on a extra dollar amount on their subscriptions . It comes out to almost $ 40.00 USD a month for two accounts . -RRB- Then steer clear of DAoC.The population of Dark Age of Camelot in its prime was 250,000 users . A far cry from Warcraft but formidable non the less . This number is now at roughly 5,000 players and this is on the weekend . A weekly average is about 2,400 . The reason in this vast decline is mostly due to what I have listed above . Also including the support of zerg pvp . Which gives the large population of solo-pvpers a slim to non chance to enjoy this game . You definitely wo n't enjoy it if you are the type of person that dislikes if when enemy players / spit and / laugh at you when eight of them kill you and you are all by yourself . The use of Master Level itemization has destroyed class balancing to favor caster class pvp/pve in all forms . Also a big problem is the lack of a engine/UI upgrades which has drove many players away to greener pastures . Group/Guild options are extremely limited compared to other MMO 's . Services that have been proven to be invaluable to other MMO 's such as character transfers and name changing are non existent . Sure , you can use the feature known as `` Account Splitting '' but it has to be a fresh account with no characters on it and it has to be fully upgraded with current expansion . If you ware a multi-boxer like myself and you want to re-arrange your multi-box combo then you can forget it . All of the above have deterred the majority of the previous Dark Age of Camelot player from any Mythic game . Including Warhammer online which suffers from the same issues . If you enjoy countless headaches from customer service . Deaths and item losses due to bugs that will never be recovered then by all means this game is for you ! - Positive Features - * Housing - True as it was when the Foundation expansion was released , the housing in DAoC was implemented almost perfectly with the housing instancing feature . In this aspect DAoC trumps the competition . Blizzard has failed to even implement housing , explaining that it would turn lag warped cities into ghost towns . Uh , hello right ? Not implementing it has been one of Blizzards biggest mistakes . The housing expansion offers four different house models for each realm . Prices ranging from one platinum to twenty five platinum . You also have a fair amount of decorating options . Not as much as many players would like but fair . Mythic planned to add more features to this expansion but due to loss in server populations they did not continue forward . * Ambiance/Environment - The overall scenery in the game can be breath-taking at times . Even with the adherent graphic chop . Especially the New Frontiers . Which brings me to my final positive note . * Keep Siege - Keep siege on DAoC was absolutely well implemented when first released . The excitement of attacking or defending a keep with siege weapons such as catapults , rams , and boiling hot oil kept you on your toes . You would be sucked into the battle for not knowing that you have been playing for hours . The release of Trials of Atlantis destroyed this aspect of the game to a mere shadow of what it once was . Due to over powered itemization.-More in-depth Negatives - * PvE Dungeon/Environmental - Another downside are the constant bugs with MOBs and Dungeons . Pathing for MOBs is horrid . The will attack you or aggro you through walls , buildings , and even from what seems to be miles away in-game . Causing unnecessary durability loss or frequent experience loss . Most of these bugs have been existent for at least six years without repair . Specifically the dungeons of Darkness Falls and Avalon City . This in my opinion is unacceptable in any current MMO . Stress to a paying customer due to the failure of upkeep is just bad business practices . * Crowd Control - Many new MMOs have figured out that a player wants to be involved in a battle and not mesmerized for at least a minute . Even unbreakable in many situations if you are being attacked . You are just left their helpless . To some extent CC is a must but unbreakable one minute CC is just bad news . The game does have anti CC abilities in place such as Purge and certain ToA items but the minimum Purge ability is a 5 minute cool down which requires several realm levels which equals countless hours to achieve which is not in the cards for a casual gamer . Even hardcore gamers have issues with the CC . The ToA items mostly of a cool down of between 10:00 -15:00 minutes . And with the zerg friendly design you will find yourself in several situations sitting back in your chair picking your nose while getting destroyed by the opposing faction . Many of these CC spells are also instant cast with little or no cool down . * Zerg friendly and pro-group PvP - While there should always be a place for group player vs. player combat in any MMO a game that purposely hinders solo PvP will destroy the game itself in the end . As many of us veteran gamers know . Group PvP can be fun to a extent . Eventually it becomes as repetitive as PvE . Solo PvP is where the true challenge at the end of the day lies . The adrenaline rush of fighting someone 1v1 . Your survival depending on your reflexes and quick thinking . At least this is how it use to be . When MMO 's first came to be solo PvP was prime . Group PvP was thought of as `` easy mode '' by veteran players and it is . The aspect that made group PvP in DAoC worthwhile was keep sieges . Unfortunately many MMOs are turning their backs towards solo PvE/PvP . This is mostly due to different learning curves and abilities of the players themselves . Many in-experienced gamers could not keep up with the reflexes of a veteran gamer . Which is intended - your player vs. player skills come from trial and error . Which means several deaths . New generations of gamers could not handle this . So bonus/magical equipment began to be implemented as a balancing tool for slower players . In the end all this did was make the veteran gamers even more lethal . MMOs then began to implement changes to support group PvP or RvR through skill/reward bonuses to counter act the veterans . This overall was a bad mood . This destroyed games such as Ultima Online and Diablo . Games such as DAoC and WoW have supported solo PvP to a extent knowing this but over the years DAoC has all but eliminated this aspect of game play . WoW , still seems to be the remote haven for solo PvP . Where it is still possible to do it but the options are slowly fading away.Current MMOs did that thinking that it will bolster their player base by eliminating veteran players from the equation but this has actually done the reverse . Eventually everyone gets bored of `` easy mode '' gaming even the younger generations . In the beginning it was all about solo PvP , then came group PvP , and now solo PvP is back on the wish list for the majority of maturing players knowing that it is the most competitive aspect of a MMO and the most thrilling . Games such as WoW and DAoC have suffered huge blows over the past two years because of this and they are still trying to figure out what is going on . Games will never be balanced which is what fails all current MMOs . They are not able to consider this . The closest to balance that a MMO has ever seen was in the beginning , the 1990 's . Where it was skill/reflex based . Not everyone will be able to compete in the end but most will and everyone will have the same chances as the next guy . Gear supplements and group PvP rewards are the very source of imbalance . So they will continue to lose customers until a new MMO finally figures it out . * Customer Service - I am not going to get back into this . My views and accounts from other players have been documented well above . I feel and I know other players feel this as well - I would play a poorly graphical game minus all of the extra 's if I really felt the customer service was there to assist me . This is a make it or break it aspect to me . Mythic and EA fail on all accounts of their customer service abilities . If you are one of those players that are comforted by the fact that the current MMO you are playing is enrolled with the Better Business Bureau -LRB- BBB -RRB- with a relative high rating . Then again DAoC/Warhammer Online or any Mythic affiliated game is wrong for you . Not only are they not a member but they currently hold a `` F '' rating . The lowest amongst all current MMO producers . But do n't take my word for it , feel free to look it up yourself on the BBB website . Here is the link to the Mythic Entertainment on the BBB website . -LSB- ... -RSB- From a overall perspective from a nine year vet of Dark Age of Camelot this makes me very sad . What was once a cutting edge game in graphics , PvP/PvE , and customer service . Has now become comparable to free server games . Mythic/EA have become the arc for graveyard games such as Ultima Online , DAoC , and soon to be Warhammer Online . If they were to overall their Developer/Customer Service staff . As well as upgrade their UI/Engine and improve on PvP/PvE Balancing . This game could easily be competitive again . Even more so then their supposed giant Warhammer online . But it will never happen . RIP DAoC - Hello , World Of Warcraft .
 We bought this game without realizing that you HAVE to have a credit card number to sign up . This game only works in online mode ; and you MUST pay $ 15 per month to join . -LRB- First 30 days included with game . -RRB- I will not allow my son to sign up and have to pay this much extra for the game . This should be made clear in the description . We feel ripped off , and are retruning the game . Please explain this to people BEFORE they buy .
 No , it is n't . Not even close . Bland story , decent gameplay , subpar graphics . It 's not as emmersive as Halo ever was . And compared to te Red Faction series , this game is n't even close . Nice level editor and multiplayer , though I wish it was online .
 This game -LSB- is bad . -RSB- The graffix are really great but the story play is not fun at all . Also the 4 player mode isnt as great as red faction 2 . its not worth buying .
 Time Splitters 2 is one of the most anticipated sequels to a first person shooter that I can remember . I played the first game and was impressed by it . The multiplayer was one of the best to date , and the overall game was really good . Not unbelievable , but good . Now we have Time Splitters 2 and I am a fan of the first person shooter . It 's not my favorite type of gameplay , but I do like it and I also like it when companies who develop first person shooters do their best to try and mix the style and game play up a bit . It is n't that TS2 is n't uniqute , because it is , and it 's actually pretty cool going through time and venturing into all those far and away lands . The real problem here is , well , the game is just too damn hard to enjoy . This coming from someone who has beaten Devil May Cry and Metal Gear Solid on its hardest levels . The first level , in Siberia , and the Atom Smasher level , are two of the hardest mission I have EVER played in my video game history . It took me 3 hours to beat Siberia and 6 , yes that 's right 6 hours to beat the Atom Smasher level . So as I finished up TS2 , I realized that for just being a first person shooter , with a lot of cool guns , this game is not worth recommending . Buy and play it if you wish , if not , go for Red Faction 2 or Agent Under Fire .
 There are some points I 'd like to make clear before I go any further . One , it 's now 2007 so it 's been a while since this was released . Two , I only tried single-player story mode before stopping -LRB- more later -RRB- . Three , I LOVED TS
 Well , what do we have here folks ? A bad movie tie in game ? Well , what else is new ? A Bugs life for the Playstation is a almost universally hated game . I really didint know what to expect when I first fired it up to try it out . Did I like it ? Not a whole lot.You start the game where you must get to your anthill . You start walking around , getting used to playing , listining to Flick talking , following Dot , and killing evil bugs . In a few minutes however , you start to realize something . Flick will not be quiet . He keeps going on and on and on and on and on and on and on with his annoying comments . You finish the level and go on to the next level and keep up this pattern untill the end of the game.Up untill then , if you havent tried to get all the little goodies , you will have had a fun time . But when you play again to try and get all the secrets , the trouble really begins . For instance , to unlock a movie clip , you must collect all the letters of your name , collect 50 grain kernals , and kill all the bad bugs . Sounds simple right ? Dont be an idiot . getting all the grain pices is fairley hard but manigable . Getting your name is really tough . In one area you will see the letter F for F-L-I-C-K To get it , you have to get a tall stalk . To get the tall stalk , you must collect green tokens scattered throughout the level to power up the stalk power . After collecting all the tokens , some of which are guarded by really tough bad bugs and others that are placed where you have to use another bug power to get it , you can finially reach the letter ... once you get a seed . Which is located a mile away from the letter . You have to get the seed and take it to the letter , all the while getting attacked by bad bugs and listining to Flicks annoying commentary . Once you get the stalk , put it in place and break it open , climb the stalk and get the letter . Wasent that fun kids ! And you have to do that for EVERY SINGLE LETTER !!!! And dont forget that you have to kill all the bad bugs . To do that you have to get the tokens for berry power , which are located throughout the level . However some of them are located out of reach , and you can only reach them by getting a tall plant to help you out . To do that , you must collect green tokens and get seeds to help you out and yada yada yada yada blah blah blah.Get the idea of how frustrating this game can be ? And along with all that , Flick does not shut up , he keeps saying something every 10 seconds . Along with all these problems , you have to deal with bad graphics , a annoying camera and some really HARD token collecting levels later on in the game -LRB- Such as the tree level -RRB- A bugs life does have a few nice points . Some of the levels are neat , such as the boss battles . The final battle with Hopper at the end of the game is very cool . The music is by far the best part of the game , almost all of the tunes are very memorable and addictive . But beyond that , the things that try to enable replay value almost destroy the game . Rent before you buy . Did I mention that Flick never shuts up?The good : Some neat levelscool boss battlesexcelent musicthe final levelThe bad : noneand the Ugly : Horrible graphics , abysmal gameplay , Token collecting is impossibly hard , annoying levels , Frustrating ennimies and FLICK DOES NOT SHUT UP !!!
 This has to be the worst game . If nothing else , it 's totally boring . My little boy gets so frustrated trying to play it that he just turns it off . -LRB- me too ! -RRB- We have never gotten past the `` flying off the cliff '' level . A total waste of money !
 This game is one of the worst games that Disney Interactive ever created . When you first put it in and see the movie you think that it will be great but then you have only 2 level choices Training and Anthill . I like Training better than Anthill but it still stinks . Also the game freezes too often . When I was on the 5th Level the one where you hop on the dandelion and get across the Canyon without the bird killing you . I was across the canyon and then the game froze and I had to start over and that was the level that I always have trouble with that level.Another thing that bugs me is that the stupid worm takes about 100 red berries to kill and only 4 blue berries 2 green , and purple berries . And it still takes two gold berries to kill it !!! Same thing with the one bug that guards the fence takes 100-150 reds 6 blues 3 green 2 purple and 2 gold and that ticks me off really bad.This game stinks and you definetly DO NOT want to buy this game . -LRB- I am actually rating this 0 but there is n't a 0 voting button . -RRB-
 I think it was a stupid boring game that did n't make sense and was very redundant !
 ... in more ways than one . Besides the overall poor quality of the game , there was that camera ! Honestly , whoever designed that thing needs to be smacked with a wet fish.I played levels 1 through 10 , and then had to stop just before the end of the game because I was nauseated and had an eyestrain headache . I am not exaggerating.The camera has a tendency to swirl around when you need it to stay still , and to sit still when you need it to move . The grainy , pixelated graphics and complete lack of distinguishing features in the levels make it not only very easy to get lost , but also very hard on the eyes . When you need to jump across platforms or walk AROUND something , that 's when things really get bad . Flik leaves almost no shadow on the ground when he jumps , so your jumps will usually be blind leaps of faith . The other problem is his feet . He dangles his feet so low when he jumps , that 9 times out of 10 you will miss a platform because his feet wo n't plant on it . And , when he does land , he wo n't stop running , which will send him promptly stepping right off the other end of the thing and forcing you to do the jump all over again.The other problem is the camera angles when walking around something . When you walk around to the other side of a large object , for some idiotic reason , the camera does not follow you . As a result , you are sitting there with your entire screen filled in by this object while you ca n't see Flik on the other side . Now , as if that situation is not bad enough , picture yourself having to do a platform jump while your view of Flik is completely blocked by a large rock on the screen , or being hit by an enemy that you ca n't see because the camera wo n't move . Instead of turning with you , you must stop for about 5 seconds after turning to allow the camera to `` catch up . '' At the same time , the camera has a tendency to turn even while you 're just running straight ahead in a single direction , which results in you being completely reversed . It 's completely disorienting , and with the bland , nearly identical levels , you can find yourself lost and irritated very frequently.It 's all fun and games , until you 've developed a tension headache trying to look at the bad graphics and camera angles , and flung your controller across the room because you just do n't feel like attempting that same jump for the 89th time . Please , stay away from this one . Do n't become an accomplice to anymore game companies trying to cash in on a movie franchise .
 I bought this game a few years ago and I liked it because I was only about 5 . But now that I 'm 11 now and I have not played this game for years I thought why not try this game since I forgot so much things about it.The game was really boring.I just got to level 4 and that was it.It was plain boring.And Filk never stops saying unreasonable commets.And also the graphics are horrible.Don ' t buy this game !!!
 A Bug 's Life is directly based on the popular movie and most expected a better game than was delivered . It is more than apparent that this game was released as an advertising gig and it still needed some serious time on the old drawing board . The 3-D graphic games are usually a problem for the playstation , however this game may reach an all time low . The main problem -LRB- and it is a HUGE problem -RRB- is the camera angle . You can never really control Flik -LRB- the main character -RRB- and spend more time walking off of things and running into enemies and just being annoyed in general . To add insult to injury , the game is geared toward kids but the major problems with control , unexplained game freeze-up and long load times will frustrate kids and adults alike . The dreaded dandelion flight is a journey into hell as far as I 'm concerned . It takes numerous -LRB- and I do mean numerous -RRB- attempts to get across the canyon and half the time the game freezes up just as you get across . Additionally , the enemies that you encounter require huge amount of berries to actually kill them ... unless you have managed to find a good supply of the rare gold berries . This only adds to the frustation of this game.This game is not worth the effort and is a huge disappointment overall . Rent it before you buy and if you have n't thrown the controller across the room about 20 times then you can give yourself a big pat on the back and consider buying the game .
 The whole idea of having worms in 3D forts , sounds like it would be fun but the actual gameplay was lacking . There are problems with the physics of the game that make many of the weapons very difficult to use . The graphics do look pretty nice , and are one of the pros in the game . The multiplayer games do lack the quickness and speed of the old 2D worms games that made them enjoyable and ideal for a fast pickup game . The controls and the aiming for many of the weapons are hard to get the hang of , so it requires a lot of time just getting a knack of your weapons , before you can become even mildly proficient with them . Overall , this game is a disappointment to the worms series , and I would not recommend purchasing it .
 I love Sim games and I live close to the Mall of America . I got this game for $ 5 , so I really wanted to give it a chance . Not worth it.There are no instructions for the game , and the tutorial is really bad . You do n't do any type of walkthrough , you just read a long list . I would not even call it a tutorial , it 's a long , tedious , & unhelpful click through instruction manual . It explains a lot of common sense things , but leaves a lot of questions once you get into gameplay.You start building the north side of level 1 . To unlock another level you have to have all the stores up and running and 90 % profitable.I 've only been able to unlock 2 more sides of level 1 . List of stores you can build come up randomly . You usually only have 3 - 5 things to choose from at any given time.You can have all the security guards available hired , and it will still tell you to hire more because the security level is too low . Secuirty guys like to huddle around and hang out in stores that are out of business . Had 9 cleaners hired on one side where stores were going out of business and did n't see any of them , or any work getting done.Runs very slow on computers that are a couple years old , tends to lock up on newer and older models . Has trouble loading saved games and will lock up trying.Gameplay is glitchy . Sometimes when trying to build or tear down a store , task is not completed and the store will be stuck as a concrete base which can not be built on or torn down . This effect will halt your gameplay as you will not be able to unlock new sections if this happens.Overall game seems like it was quickly thrown together buy developers and never beta-tested .
 There 's supposed to be one thing about a game that 's the most important to me
 This game did n't even work out of the box.I 'm glad , because I do n't have to put up with what everyone else had.I guess I had a little fun trying to make this work , but no use .
 If you 're looking for a game that has bad graphics , nasty controls and is no fun then this is your game.I play both 1st person shooters and building/strategy games and I must say this is one of the worst Tycoon games I 've ever played . Here are the games ' Pros and Cons : ProsIt 's only $ 20ConsIt 's $ 20 you can put towards a game that is fun.The shoppers in the game wonder aimlessly around the various stores , never leave with packages and are BORING . There are no families , no couples , none of the individualistic small touches that are associated with the fun games . They have no personality at all.The store graphics , as well as the people , are awful . You ca n't tell one store from another , they have as much inviduality as the people and that 's pretty bad . The People and decorations have no animation . Yes , they move , but you ca n't tell what they doing . I should mention here that I can play both Doom 3 and Far Cry and they look great on my PC . So it 's this dismal game not my machine.The controls or lack of are abysmal . There is no zoom you just have to move the mouse around until you find an angle you can live with.In conclusion , I wish I had waited until the reviews came out as I ca n't imagine anyone rating this game highly , it 's not even mediocre . I wasted $ 20 I could have put towards Zoo Tycoon 2 , RollerCoaster Tycoon 3 or Children of the Nile . If you expect any fun from a game , stay clear of Mall of America Tycoon .
 No manual included . No manual on CD either . There 's not a variety of merchants -LRB- stores -RRB- available to `` build '' your mall , or if there is I do n't know how to get a variety . Even after building a few stores , the same merchants kept appearing so you end up putting 4 music stores on the same section/floor of the mall . That does n't make sense . You also can not rotate the screen to see all angles of the mall , or at least I have n't figured out how to if you could because there was no manual . The CD insert shows how to install the game manually , has an overview of the game and a small paragraph about gameplay and a few shortcuts how to get around the mall . That 's not enough explanation of the game . The tutorial also does not help . Very disappointed .
 This has got to be the worst game I have ever played in my life . It is absolutely awful . The camera controls on this game are horrible . There are little to no store selections , it makes no sense , the customers are soooo boring and do n't buy or do anything that is meaningful . It looks all good and glossy on the cover but trust me , it is pure crap . I can not beleive this game even costs $ 20 . This has got to be the worst game I have ever played in my whole life!Pros - Good IdeaCons-Choppy Gameplay , bad camera controls , pointless customers , no instructions , cheap design , looks good on the cover , not worth the money , limited store selection .
 Where should I start ? Well lets say this . If you are seeking fun then take the $ 20 bucks this game costs and buy a dead hampster , becuase a dead hampster is much more fun to play with then this game.I bought this game at Target for $ 20 , which was , what I thought , a good deal . I have played Roller Coaster Tycoons 1-3 and love them all . After beating those I needed more Tycoon . So I saw MoA and thought `` cool I can build my own mall . `` I installed the game and fired it up for the first time . Within 2 nano seconds I knew I hated it . The camera controls are as horrible as the company who made this game . I should have known that this game was teh suk when I saw Activision made it . Once you get over not being able to see your mall from a distance you then have to figure out how to build stores . This was no easy task , the floors are multi-colored supposedly symbolizing where you can and can not build , this sucks . All i could do was build the same 3 Kiosks over and over and place cheesy benches to help the `` customers REST . '' I then proceed to get messages over and over telling me that the `` atmosphere and store selection '' was not good enough for the lifeless customers that wander around aimlessly and buy nothing .10 Minutes after installing it was un-installed and put back in the box to be returned tommorrow.Over all this is the worst game ever made and should not be sold becuase it is a waste of money and is a rip off to trust worthy consumers who keep video game companies in business . I think that all people who bought this game and can not return it should be refunded all their money plus compensation for aggrivation of having to jump through flaming hoops to install/un-install this worthless game .
 Ok so I saw this game and went nuts for it in the store and had to have it.You see , I lived less than two miles from the MOA for a while and I thought it would be a lot of fun to play this game . While is it kinda fun to play , the game does do some serious sucking.Seems like all the people do is walk around.You ca n't tell the stores apart from each otherYou ca n't assign staff to a patrol areaThe atmosphere selections are horrible , you get two benches , two fountains and two kinds of street lights.Trying to center a store on the space you want to put it on is horrible.There is not a lot of selection for stores and the store selection changes . For example , you may be looking for a small store and all you can find are large stores and you have no room for a large store.Camera can not show the entire section you 're working onCamera is hard to controltutorial is n't completethe english is BAD . It 's not just bad grammar , it 's english as a second language bad.You ca n't do anything with camp snoopy and you do n't get any money for it but you still need to pay for upkeep!The stores are not brands you know or are even in the MOAThere are grocery stores in this game and there are not grocery stores in the MOA!The outside of the box makes this game look GREAT ! However , once I got it home I was terribly dissapointed . The only thing this game really has going for it is the authenticity of the mall itself.However , I like to accomplish something when I 'm playing games and I own games like `` The Sims '' , up to unleashed , Sim City 2000 and `` Sim Theme Park '' and I love playing them , so I 'm playing this , it 's not as great as I thought it was but hey , it was 20 bucks .
 I made the mistake of buying this for my 9 year old daughter who LOVES Zoo Tycoon , thinking it would be similar . Someone must have sold -LRB- or stolen -RRB- the Tycoon trademark , because MOA is difficult to use -- it is not intuitive , and I can not figure out how to fix mistakes -LRB- so there are trash cans all over the place and the stores wo n't land anywhere ... -RRB- .
 Do n't buy it . Do n't even be tempted to buy it . It wo n't run properly . It crashes randomly , displays error messages constantly , and seems to be actually MISSING the entire west wing of the mall.I have a machine that well exceeds the requirements and the game acts as if I am trying to run without ram . The stores quit without ever being demolished , there is no way to manually demolish them , and therefore they are useless space . Furthermore , the game refuses to run at all once I reach the point where it will unlock the west wing , and there is no west area listed in the menu where it should be in the game -LRB- which I suspect is why I ca n't get the game to run at that point . -RRB- On top of this , the entire east wing displays at 80 to 90 percent profitability , but nets zero dollars every year.I bought this on SALE for ten bucks and I regret it , it is worth absolutely nothing . This is the only game I have ever actually thrown in the trash .
 I agree with most of what the other reviewers of this product have said . I did figure out how to move the camera around and zoom out , although it is cumbersome . My first clue that this game would be a disaster was reading all of the grammatical and spelling errors in the tutorial . It sounded like the person that wrote the tutorial had translated it directly from their native language -LRB- NOT English -RRB- . I had some fun with the game , trying to do well enough to unlock the next part of the mall . But eventually I tired of creating the same stores over and over . The program eventually started putting things in odd places and not fully deleting the stores that closed down . I ended up with red-colored stores all over the screen that could n't be replaced.Save your money !
 I got this game at officemax for only $ 10 and got it home expecting something great but when i started to play it i had to spend 15 minutes trying to figure out how to play then finaly i figured it out and then it took soo long to get all the attractions up and then get them into place that i finally just quit for a little while . I just play it now when im bored and have lots of time to do nothing !
 I have to agree with everyone else . This game was horrible . I actually bought it used and I thought it was a great deal at only 15 bucks . To bad I had n't come online first to find out new its just about 20 bucks . That should have clued me in from the start . Avoid this game and save up for something thats worth it .
 This game does n't work in the U.S. and these people refuse to give me my money back .
 Naruto ultamite ninja is not all that . This particular game had a lot of bugs in it and is lacking the ever so cool rpg mode of its succsesors.In the end I feel sorry for you people with american ps2s because you will never be able to enjoy naruto to its fullest . I just recently recived my copy of naruto narutamite hero 3 -LRB- of as it is called in the US ultamite ninja -RRB- and it blows this game out of the water with 58 characters and an awsome rpg mode .
 This game was okay but not the best , i have to say ultimate ninga2 and clash of ninga2 are the best naruto games the other naruto games were okay , but this game was okay .
 I ordered this a while ago , and was very disappointed in the quality . The voices are not the same , the game is quite boring compared to ultimate ninja 2 and 3 . But worst of all , there 's no where that you can change difficulty or sound . I would n't waste my money on something as crappy as this .
 I am thoroughly disappointed in this . I did n't even play this game . I got it for my sister for her birthday and she could n't even play for 5 minutes without getting bored ! I am extremely baffled because she 's a young child , supposedly what this is suited for , and she even said it was boring ! My god , this is a first ! A 6 year old child not liking an entertaining kid 's game . In a way though , I 'm not surprised at all , this game is the most ridiculous thing they have ever even had the nerve to put in stores ! Take it from me , this game is very , VERY boring . Do n't waste your money . Believe me , all I did was watch my sister play and even I got bored with it ! Not worth the $ $ $ at all !
 As everyone else has already testified , this game is a joke ... I finished one case while mindless thinking about my grocery list . I have three grandchildren ages 18 mos to 6 yrs . Any one of them could 've played this game . While the concept was promising , the reality was very disappointing . Activision would do well to spend more time and money on developing this game if they ever hope to stand up against the likes of L & A and CSI -LRB- both series of games in which I am a huge fan !! -RRB- Try again , Activision !!
 Do n't waste your time with this one . I thought with the Cold Case Files TV show as inspiration , this could be interesting and fun . Wrong ! The whole game takes less than 2 hours and every step forward in the plot is obvious . Even when this game goes on sale for 9.99 -LRB- which should be very soon with this stinker -RRB- , I would n't recommend it any price .
 This game would n't even install on my xp , I coud n't even play the game . I bought it used so it did n't cost as much but still it was a waste of money . Luckily the person is refunding my money and I can buy something else !!!
 This game is the biggest waste of money ever , Activision should pay you to play it . If you are looking for this type of game I highly recommend any of the CSI series games . The CSI series is excellent and each CSI case takes longer to solve than the entire Cold Case game .
 I thought it would be in the same vein as the CSI games when I bought it , and was very discipointed . I hate to admit it but I sometimes get a little stuck playing Nancy Drew games and need some help , and I finished this game in 30 minutes . It was SO easy a five year old could do it .
 If you are a fan of this show and watch regularly you have already seen the solutions to each of these cases . A major disappointment . Go buy a CSI , L&O , heck even a Nancy Drew adventure game , it will challenge you way more than this waste of time .
 I had to shell out $ 20 for this piece of sludge . The people despicable enough to package this thing should be drawn and quartered . Repeatedly . It is 10 minutes worth of idiocy that even a comatose monkey could solve . If you value your sanity and pocketbook , please do not buy this game .
 believe all the reviews ! i wish i had seen them before i purchased it ... boring , requires no thought or skills whatsoever . each case `` solved '' in 10 minutes . not worth even buying it used . CSI rules !
 I was so excited to get this game as I love to watch the cold case files on aetv . That was my mistake . Every case in this game is based on an episode I 've seen . I could play this game in my sleep ! After having played the csi and law & order games I was extremely disappointed . My 12 yo special needs child could play this game and succeed . Very disappointing with no real challenges to it . Do n't pay full price and if you can avoid it , do n't bother buying it at all . I 'm sorry I did .
 I was really excited when I brought this game home . I love the Law and Order and CSI games , and I assumed this would be the same type of game . Oh how I wish I 'd read the reviews on this site first . This game is nothing more than a poorly put together advertisement for the show Cold Case Files . The only gameplay involved is clicking on something when it pops up on the screen . A trained chimp could sucessfully finish this game in under an hour , I 'm sure . If you are considering buying this game , I strongly suggest you check out the Law and Order or CSI games first . They are far superior to this peice of garbage .
 This is the absolute WORST game I have ever played . It is nothing but a cheap infomercial to plug the TV show . The lab tech in the game does close to nothing and the so called computer research is so skimpy I have to laugh . Stay FAR FAR away from this bomb !!!
 Listen to the others when they say this game is bad ... I wish i would have seen them first . This game is so rudimentary - it basically points you in the direction of the clues and outcomes - there is no searching and finding like an adventure game , you canot walk around and look at things - you can only point and click . This was a total waste of my $ $ $ and I plan on returning this item !
 Ok I bought this game because i thought it was going to be similar to csi or law and order . This game doesnt even come close . I read the other reviews on here about how bad the game was . I wish i had listened . The game states there are 35 possible outcomes but i didnt see it . I finished the first case in 5 minutes and then i replayed it thinking there would be a different outcome because the game states 35 possibilities but the outcome was the same . I finished the whole game in less than an hour . there isnt really much playing to do and thinking involved at all . you barely collect evidence or work in the lab . this game was really a waste of time and money . All six cases dont add up to 1 case of CSI .
 Rubbish . Honestly is.My wife completed the whole game in just over hour and half . And she 's not a professional in the area of game play or work life.It 's all a matter of clicking on a few buttons . Then click on the `` Arrest Buttton '' . Case closed with life imprisonment.There are no puzzle solving elements . No brain work . Nothing but boredom.The programmers should be imprisoned for their efforts.Case closed .
 What a terrific disappointment this game was . I mean , I was n't expecting a whole heck of a lot , but it did n't even come up to * that * level . `` Cheapjack rip-off attempt to cash in on CSI 's fame '' does n't begin to cover it , but it 's a start.If you like the show , watch it ; then go play the two CSI games . I guarantee you a better time .
 This game is absolutely awful . I do n't even know where to start . The graphics are completely uninspired and all the characters look alike . The only way you can tell the men and women characters apart besides hair length is from the voice talent . Both men and women have wide shoulders and hulking frames -- it 's quite off-putting to see that so little effort was put into character design . Second order of business -- what 's up with all the script typos ? Activision should be absolutely mortified over the unprofessional amount of typos in this game . The game programmers/writers must have dropped out of school in the fourth grade for the script to be as bad as it is . There 's no other excuse . In each case that you have to solve , you 'll be able to spot at least 30 typos during the questioning of suspects or while reading item descriptions , evidence , etc. . Actually , I found that playing ` find the typo ' was way more fun than playing the actual game itself . As to the cases -- they were pitifully easy . It took me approximately 45 minutes to solve every case . Then I downloaded the `` bonus case '' from the A&E website and it took me longer to download the file than it did to solve the case . All in all I would have to give this game a HUGE thumbs down and would recommend that no one ever buy a game made by any team at Activision if this is what their standards are . I too can only wish that I had read the reviews before I bought the game .
 What kind of a cheap @ $ $ game is this ?! It 's not even a game , hardly ! It 's like a crappy TV show where you pick how slow it goes . There 's no challenge at all . And there are so few leads and options in each case that it 's impossible to NOT win each case . And it all amounts to a grand total of maybe 3 hours of gameplay , if you could even call it that in this case.I ca n't imagine why this game is even on the market . The only thing it 's good for , perhaps , is a nice hearty laugh ... because it 's so bad . It 's a total rip-off . I could create a better game , and I do n't know anything about creating stuff like that . Get the CSI games instead . Those are awesome . The Law and Order games are great too . Just do not get this game.I 'd give it zero stars if I could .
 Very unhappy about this game . It was very easy not worth the money .
 I bought this game because the back stated that there were 35 different possible outcomes to the 6 cases . I thought `` well , the cases must be pretty in-depth to allow for that ! '' WRONG ! The entire game too me all of 2 hours to complete , and that was including a dinner break . At the end , you are told to go to the A&E ; Cold Case Files web site to download a special bonus case . Good luck finding that , I certainly never did.There is no support for this game anywhere . It 's like Activision completely forgot they even made it . I was so excited to get this and get home to play it , and ended up being incredibly heartbroken . The other reviewers are correct in that there is no thinking required , just click on the right thing at the right time . Avoid , you 're better off with just about anything else .
 I bought this game thinking it would be along the lines of the CSI or Law and Order series . What a mistake . There is no guesswork or thinking involved in this game . All you do is click on something at the appropriate time -LRB- the game basically tells you what you can and ca n't do -RRB- and once you 've clicked everything you make an arrest . Horrible game . Waste of the whole hour it took me to finish it .
 The way the box reads you think that you are actually going to have to think your way through the game . Unfortunately , I finished all of the cases and the `` bonus '' case in about 2 hours last night . Bought the game , installed it , started playing and waa immediately let down by the simplicity . I expected a bit better than what I got . This game was simple enough that a 10 year old could get through it in a couple of hours . Major disappointment for $ 20 .
 Please know that this item is not what you are going to get . tokentraders will send you an activision game that is called Red Baron Ace of the Sky.Dealing with the frozen pizza . Not too much in the combat or action . BE AWARE OF THIS.Red Baron
 this could have been so mush better then what it is . It ; s a bunch of party games that you would normally play in a piece of paper but on a game screen instead . If you want an awesome game for a good sleepover party , or for just hangin out with your friends get `` Mary-Kate and Ashley Sweet 16 Licensed To Drive '' now that 's what I call a entertaining and fun game !!!!!!
 This game is so horrible , in so many ways I wanted to cry . It 's like all of my worst nightmares from the God-awful Disney Channel have escaped their confides and have come to start the apocalypse -LRB- much like The Bible Game for PS2 , Xbox , GBA -RRB- . Everything about this s *** ty game is horrible . The levels suck , the missions suck , the enemies suck , Lizzie Maguire really sucks , the controls suck , the gameplay sucks , the camera sucks , and to keep it short , the gameplay is so horribly broken , it 's worse than The Bible Game -LRB- but not as bad as Casper
 I know I 'm not alone when I say that the whole Lizzie Mcguire trend is getting WAY out of hand . I mean really , how could you make a game out of Lizzie Mcguire ? All she does is crush on Ethan , get bossed around by cheerleaders , and get into fights with her friends . What could this game contain ? Super mall shopping action ? And I thought the TV show was pointless ...
 It is a terrible idea to buy `` Lizzie McGuire : On The Go '' due to its basis . This game provides nothing near to quality entertainment . The graphics are bad , the plot is almost nonexistent and the gameplay lacks everything that would qualify it as a good game .
 oh my god this game was like soooo totally crap . to think that lizzie mcquire could be in a game is like totally stupid . i mean omg like , she doesnt do anything .
 Here is a simple word for you people
 I purchased this playstation game for my 6 year old son and he and I thought it was one of the worst games out there . Couldnt even hold his interest for 5 minutes . That is a record for my son who could spend hours playing games . Goofy , Tom & Jerry House Trap Tarzan and Mega Man are much more suitable for this age level . This game is along the same lines as Rascal but even worse . I would say save your money it would be a waste spending it on this game !!! 1
 Simply put , the game does n't even work on the Playstation 2 . I have never ran into problems running Playstation 1 games on the Playstation 2 . This is the first . I could n't get past the `` start game '' . I would get those jumbled graphics that you used to see at the start up of the old video games like Galaga and then I 'd get nothing . I tried resetting the game 3 times to no avail.If you have a Playstation 2 , do n't bother wasting a penny on this game . I 'm sorry I did .
 Okay I understand why some developers want to create numerous Zelda clones . After all , the Legend of Zelda series is way popular and has generated millions of dollars . But where others have succeeded , Monkey Hero has failed . From the bland graphics , to the even worse intro , it is just flat-out horrible . And to the idiot that deemed my review unhelpful ... well you obviously dont know a thing about video games so what the hell are you doing here looking at one ? One that is crappy nonetheless ? Exactly , you are a f**king idiot .
 UFC TAPOUT 2 is not as good as the first one for xbox . What I really like about the first one was the sound effects their is nothing like the sound of someone 's arm breaking.I was so disapointed iI sold it the same day . Trust me do n't waste your money
 After playing Pride FC for my PS2 , I was excited to play UFC Tapout 2 for my Xbox . For sure , it would be just as fluid and smooth as Pride FC , but with much better graphics . I was right about the graphics . The graphics are amazing at the least . The fighters cast shadows on each other , and the outlines of the fencing cascade over the fighters , as does the referee 's . But that 's pretty much it . The animation of the fighters is very stiff and choppy . While the skin textures and facial features of the fighters look realistic , their bodies seem to be just a little out of proportion . Vitor Belfort looks like a dwarf . The fighters move around in the octagon in an identical manner , and all their punches and kicks look the same . The game 's AI is horrendous , and you can beat just about every fighter in the exact same way . There is a new fighting position , which is the side amount , but it offers no advantage to either fighter , as they can both deliver equally devastating knees from the bottom or the top . There are hardly any moves or counters . Also , the create-a-fighter is a joke . You can not customize the combos AT ALL , and you are only given a selection of heads and clothing that you can not alter . You ca n't change the skin tones or the hair style , which is the least any create-a-fighter system can do . Instead , you have maybe a hundred different faces that really all look the same ; they just have different hair cuts and slightly different skin tones . For most arcade fans , this game will be satisfying enough because the graphics are just undeniably impressive . For most gamers who do not really understand the essence of mixed martial arts , this is a decent game . But for MMA purists like myself , this game is a huge disapointment .
 This game looks great , but the gameplay -LRB- in my opion -RRB- could really use work . The matches are WAY to short . It 's a little too shallow for my blood . ButI do n't know you so rent it , cause YOU might like it .
 I was very disappointed with this game . The graphics do not hold up to the standards set forth by other baseball games , the gameplay is boring and the manegerial roles are very simplistic and unexciting . In the actual game play it is difficult to do more than flyout while hitting or hit the occasional homerun . The announcers are very boring and have limited phrases and often get things wrong . All the games are extremely low scoring because you can not get hits . The computer catches everything , so unless you are lucky enough to hit a homerun you will sit there in boredom the whole time . I would not recommend this game unless your idea of fun is sitting around for an hour while playing a game into extra innings flying out every time you bat and either winning or losing 1-0 with maybe two or three hits the entire game .
 I 'm stupendously disappointed in I SPY Treasure Hunt deeply ! I have I SPY Treasure Hunt book , I SPY Fantasy PC , and I SPY Treasure Hunt PC . I liked the book better than the computer game for too many reasons to think up . First off , when I hear the sound when the girl or boy says the item to find it just skips ! Secondly , I 've never been able to complete the map findings because there 's no item to find that I 'm looking for ! The third one , there is n't any fun or exciting music in the background when you find an object whatsoever . No offense to any I SPY fans here !
 The product description is wrong , this is NOT OSX software . It 's OS9 and can only be run in `` Classic '' environment . Any Mac purchased in the last two years , at least , does not come with OS9 . You would need to have OS9 installed on your computer in addition to OSX . This will definitely affect the performance of the software and your machine in general.I contacted the company - great_deals_software - and received a very unsatisfactory response . You 'd think a company selling computer software would understand the differences between operating systems and be willing to correct the product description.As far as the game itself , I 'm sorry I have to leave 1 star , but I was unable to run it .
 I am very disappointed in this product , especially after reading all the rave reviews.My son recieved I Spy Treasure Hunt for Christmas and , within 3 days -LRB- one game each day -RRB- he played all the game scenarios . I disagree with the reviewers who state that although there are only 3 games , the games are all different . It is true that the clues -LRB- riddles -RRB- are different , and the player has to find different items to get to the treasure map . However , the pictures are the same in each game and are easily memorized from looking for the hidden objects in a previous game . Once the hidden objects are located , the treasure is easily found because there are only three treasure maps . The child will be able to know exactly where the treasure is depending which map is being constucted as riddles are solved.Kids love the product theme , and the game has potential for being fun for all ages . I hope Scholastic updates this product to include more scenarios for longer-lasting gameplay.Bottom line
 I placed the Christmas order on December 8th , only to discover that it would not be shipped or recv 'd until after Christmas thru January 9th ... Had tremendous difficulty cancelling the order.I simply thought others might need to know!As for the product , would n't have a clue , we never got that far!Merry Christmas !
 The game is great until you get to the end and then it just locks . My 7-year old was very disappointed when he worked so hard to get to the end and then the game just locks up !!
 My son loves I Spy Fantasy and Haunted House . We were very excited about Treasure Hunt . But much to our dismay , the program has a sound problem . The voice over cuts off before the end of the sentence or discription . Fortunately , my son already had experience with the other programs so he was n't totally frustrated .
 I purchased this product because the system requirements stated it ran on OS X . Once I went to load it , I found out that you must have Classic 9 installed on your computer to run the game . If you do n't have Classic 9 , the game will not run . OS X users should save their money !
 As many of the reviewers of this game have mentioned , the story and gameplay of gothic 2 is outstanding . However , the bugs and crashes that occur with this game are as bad as they get . If you have ever played `` Temple of Elemental Evil '' and screamed at all the hours you wasted when the game crashed , you have a small taste of what you are in for in gothic 2 . These are not subtle crashes , either . These are shut-down-your-computer bugs . Worst of all , there is NO english language patch available . I would never consider buying another game from JoWood studios again if this is how they support their products .
 This game sucks Big Time!I have played tons of RPG 's , and I never put down a game unless it absolutely deserves it and this one certainly does.As many stated already , the controls are horrible . You have to like push the up arrow key and then click the left mouse botton while trying to keep yourself in line with the enemie -LRB- s -RRB- to even stike a blow , and God forbid you have more than one enemy after you at a time.The graphics , sound and realism is nice but what good is that if you can not fight your enemies effectively.Honestly , I think any game is better than this garbage dump.Save your cash and pass on this one .
 I 've played dozens of PC and console graphical RPGs , and this one has the absolute worst graphical interface I 've ever seen . I bought it because of the good reviews , but shortly after installing , I quit struggling with the controls that are n't logical , do n't make good use of the mouse and create a feeling of motion sickness from the bobbing screen views and uninstalled it in disgust . What a waste . Does n't matter how great the content is if you ca n't play it effectively .
 Plainly put , this game sucked . If I could give it 0 stars I would . The load times were horrible . The interface is impractical . The combat system is awful . You have to push 2 or 3 different buttons just to do a simple attack . If you have n't played the first game the storyline is very confusing . It is incredably difficult , the first time I played it , I walked down the road -LRB- after working through about a half hour of load screens -RRB- and got slaughtered by 2 goblins . Not just killed or defeated , SLAUGHTERED ! I do n't think I even hit them once . That is how terrible the controls are.Overall , it is n't worth $ 2 . Morrowind on the other hand , is the same style of game , has far better graphics , better controls , better storyline , better everything -LRB- even better load times -RRB- .
 Are u pay by the company ? The game is pathetic .
 I have n't been able to use it . It tries to access non-existing websites and crashes . I have spend just about 30 minutes on it , and do not think I am going to waste any more of my time on it .
 We recently -LRB- today -RRB- purchased one of your `` downloadable '' products online . It is compatible with Windows 95/98/xt / nt/etc ... This computer is Windows 98 . We downloaded it at least 4 times , each time it asked which program we wanted to open it in ? We search for the Vbox \ Installers and there is no such file to be found . We are pretty unhappy and would like some help . PS ... we saved it to our computer ... as the instructions said , under `` Programs '' . Please let us know what to do , or please refund our money.Thank you for your help.Wayne Campbell
 I just bought this software , and it does not seem to be working
 This game will load and run on my Tungsten E2 , but the color and monochrome version are both so washed out that it is almost impossible to identify the cards . You ca n't play a card game if you ca n't identify the cards . The game 's release date is 2006 and the Tungsten E2 was released in 2005 , so I thought they would be compatible . I was wrong .
 Game was weel used and I had problems getting to to load and work porberly
 Ever since I got this game for christmas , It only took me 2 days to beat and the music was not the same as the Super NES version . Ever since I played the Super NES Version it only took me 2 weeks to beat and I was happy about it , But not with this version . plus ever since last year when I got Super Mario Advance 4
 crash all the time cant fly and plains unflyable . shuld be able to use joystick.to many keys needed to play.game to comlacaded !!!! Truth is its a wast of good money .
 The only disc this game came with was the second one of Burning Crusade . CD keys were not included nor were install discs . This is completely worthless .
 so my friend who i have played EVE Online with for about 2 years asks me to join wow just to see what its like , so i do , a day or so in i think its ok so i upgrade from the trial and buy the battle chest ... trying out a few classes get a couple to maybe level 12 so see what i like , and about 4 or 5 days after buying the battle chest my account get banned for apparently advertisingi dont talk in the game ... at all , we use Ventrilo to talk via microphone so there is really no need to type in game so i havnt and the few times i have talked i didnt mention any web sights.total waste of time and about $ 20 down the drain , not really worth $ 15 a month either , graphics should be way better , quests are short and boring , pretty much all the same . go here , kill that , go back and finish , go here kill this grab that come back and finish , only last a few minutes and all really the same , wouldnt recommend for someone who wants to use their brain a lot . if your looking for something that does n't require much thought and dont have a good computer then this would prob work fine but its not for me , in some ways runescape has better graphics
 I love the game and all but Durabest played me ... played me bad ! I bought the game used just because it would be cheaper knowing that the disks were going to be used and the books . Durabest never explained that the game key was used and now I ca n't upgrade my game at all . It 's the Battle Chest edition and I can only play on the trial mode ... Thanks Durabest .
 Well I played Wow for a while on a friends account before I decided to buy it . And once I did I figured to get the Battlechest ... I bought it through amazon and SURPRISE none of my keys work . Blizzard is giving me the run around and it 's really getting annoying.Be careful . If your gon na buy this I suggest you use a retailer who does n't allow returns on this product . So no one can steal your key like mine .
 First of all I played this game from classic until Firelands raid , which was released in Cataclysm . I wish I had quit sooner , but kept hoping they would release content that was fun again . It is worth noting I have done quite a bit of progression raiding , had 11 level 85 characters , and had most achievements completed on my main as well when I stopped playing.You pay for the game , the expansions , and basically pay them for the full cost an expansion again every 3 months of subscription fees . And then they do things like leave intentionally low population servers open so if you ca n't find a decent guild on your server it is another $ 25 -LRB- per character , so if you have alts you want to bring it is more -RRB- to transfer servers which does n't actually cost Blizzard anything ... This game is completely designed around bleeding the money out of your pocket.Once you are max level the game wastes as much of your time as possible on repetitive tasks such as daily quests , daily instances , farming materials , achievements that require grinding rather than skill , etc. . Raiding requires either a lot of materials or a lot of gold . One great addition was cauldrons to reduce the need for farming once your guild level was high enough to give it more uses and whatnot , but they do still take a lot of materials.The daily quests and instances -LRB- I think the instances are weekly now , but require you to do an average of 1 per day -RRB- are also somewhat necessary for progression raiding for quite awhile after content releases because of the rewards they give . Running the exact same instances that you have cleared countless times with a random group every week is not only mind numbingly boring and time consuming , but you also get stuck with either horrible players , jerks that que 'd together with the intention of screwing everyone else over , or a group that already kicked someone and has afk members . -LRB- If you leave you get a half hour debuff , if you do n't you ca n't get rid of the afk people . -RRB- Finally there is raiding . This used to be what made WoW a great game . I remember in classic killing a new boss was actually an accomplishment . Raids had 20-40 people in them which made the fights much more complex , but fun . The content itself was also much more difficult and more fun . After classic they switched to a 10/25 man raid format . Since Cataclysm they made the gear in 10 man exactly the same as 25 with easier bosses in 10 . They also took the lazy way in instance design by making the higher end raids heroic modes of the same exact instance and bosses . Most good guilds beat normal content within a week of it 's release ... meaning the rest of the time until next content release is just repeating the same content on a higher difficulty . To me that is very boring and just lazy on Blizzard 's part . Even the gear models stay the same , all the items look the same on higher difficulties but have higher stats . They used to release multiple raid instances and once you beat one you would move on to the more difficult one instead of just repeating the same thing .
 my concern is that i didnt get all the items ! i am missing the disk # 1 and its manditory that i get it ! because now im stuck with something i cant use !!!! and i bought the world of warcraft battle chest but i need the first disc to use it .
 WoW is a great game . Just do n't buy the battle chest becouse its a European version of the game so u ca n't play it with anyone from the USA.Ill have to buy a new game which sucks becouse I lost out on some $ $
 Many years ago I had a choice to make as to what MMORPG I was going to play . I had several friends who played WoW and was seriously considering it but the $ 15 a month was a very cost prohibitive issue for me as I did not want to pay $ 15 for something I may or may not use every month or not much every month . I asked around and found Guild Wars -LRB- GW -RRB- . These two games ran in parallel in many aspects and GW was superior in many ways . GW has better graphics -LRB- not cartoony -RRB- and DOES NOT CHARGE A MONTHLY FEE ! . That sold me right away . I paid my $ 50 and have been playing for 8 yrs . Then GW2 came out and WOW -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , even better . Better graphics , better gameplay , visually stunning , awesome storylines and characters . I would highly reccomend GW2 to anyone . There is always something to do and new content all the time without a monthly fee . I have been able to take 2 months away from the game and come back having lost nothing and paid nothing . For me that is huge.Nothing against WoW , just think that GW/GW2 looks better and free lifetime play is very attractive . Their $ 15 a month is way too much to pay given what you can get for free on GW/GW2 .
 Game arrived to destination fine but the game code does not work . Found out that it is a European code and will not work for US clients .
 All those commercials from Blizzard about how 10 + million people have played WoW are true -- and for good reason . WoW is probably one of the funnest games ever made , and certainly one of the best money-makers . There is fun to be had , satisfaction to be felt from the many accomplishments available , and certainly there are friendships to be made . But the big question ... at what cost?If you think that $ 12 - $ 15 a month is a good price to pay in order to enjoy this game , I 'd have to agree with you . The problem is , however , that you 'll be giving up a lot more than $ 15 if you want to enjoy everything this game has to offer . In my own experience -- and from the observation of friends -- I have seen marriages & families suffer , friendships end , jobs lost , classes failed , social skills forfeited , physical health plummet , and talents go to waste . All of which happens as a direct result of the time people spend on this game . And this happens to some degree or another to everyone who decides to commit to this game.Are there tens of millions of people who have enjoyed this game ? Yes ! But what Blizzard does n't tell you is that many of those same millions now regret the day they ever installed the trial version or paid their first $ 15 monthly fee . Is this the only game that has caused this sort of problem ? No , of course not . And if you think I 'm some kind of anti-video-game zealot , you 're wrong . I 've liked video games of all kinds since I was a kid . There 's just something different about this game than others -- many games can hook you , but this one above all others has elements that suck you in and keep you hooked much MUCH longer . The danger of addiction is every bit as real as any of the worst substances that any reasonable person would never dream of taking into their body . And the consequences , though maybe not as quick to cause devastation as some drugs -LRB- etc. . . -RRB- , are so subtle that they are often not detected or acknowledged until it is far too late.I ca n't lie ... I loved this game for a long time . But that 's just the problem . I loved the game more than I loved almost anything else in my life for a time . And what do I have to show for it ? More empty yesterdays than I 'd ever like to admit.Many have said and many more will say `` I 've just put too much time into this game to quit now ! '' Remember , this game will not last forever ! Even if you decide to never quit and keep playing and playing ... eventually Blizzard will shut down the servers for good , and you 'll be left with nothing to show for all your time and commitment to their game . How much better it would be to quit now ! If people who have lots of money invested in stocks that go down and down and that will never go up say `` I 've put too much into this to get out now ! '' , they will one day have nothing to show for it.How can you tell if you 're addicted ? Or at least suffering some of the consequences ? - Have you ever skipped school or work just to play ? - Have you ever ignored -LRB- accidentally or purposely -RRB- someone important in your life -LRB- family , etc. . . -RRB- because you were talking to someone in the game ? - How many times have you stayed up passed 2 am , when all the raids & instances are done , but you just ca n't log out ? - When you 're at school or work , are you planning what you need to do to get X gear or to level X alt , or to train X skill ? - Do you think this is a stupid review ? -LRB- I 'd say this , above all the others , is a really big sign that you 're addicted or could be addicted very soon -RRB- Some will say that they 're stronger than all this -- and that you wo n't fall into the same trap as many people have . I hope you 're right . If not , though , maybe you 'll remember what I 've said later on down the road , and my hope is that it may help you make the decision you need to make eventually.Others will say `` This is a stupid review ! Rate the game , not your willpower ! '' My response is that I AM rating the game . It 's tons of fun -LRB- 4 stars in my opinion -RRB- , but the game is specifically designed to suck you in and keep you in . Those particular aspects of the game cause me to give it the one-star rating I have . Harsh ? Yea , maybe . But if you had seen what I 've seen , you could n't deny that it 's a fair rating .
 I orderd this game from this place . All the codes are redeemed -_- they say all the games are `` New '' But when i get them the box was open and the codes were used to a account already .
 This game is good , but it is geared towards end-game content , which is when you reach max level . With this battle chest , you can not go past lvl 80 , but the max level for anyone with the next two expansions is 90 . I 've reached level 80 , but Blizzard has made it so that uncommon green items found in Cataclysm environments are available for you to buy on the auction house that a lvl 80 can wear . What this means is that it took me a few minutes to acquire the best gear a lvl 80 can have because I just got them on the auction house for cheap . Now whenever I do dungeons , the gear that drops , even if it is blue or purple -LRB- items that should be better than greens -RRB- , is actually not better than the green gear it took me one click to get . There is absolutely nothing to do , and its pointless to even do lich king dungeons , as doing them will not get me better gear . Blizzard did this intentionally to force you to buy the next two expansions , because they could have easily not done this by making Cataclysm gear only available for people who have Cataclysm by making the Cataclysm gear require lvl 81 . Instead , the way it is now , wrath of the lich king users have almost no end game content fun . This game I 'm rating , which is the battlechest , has a completely obsolete end-game in which blue and purple gear is 10x worse than stuff you buy cheap on the auction house . It 's a really cheap ploy by Blizzard to make you buy the next expansions . Therefore , mists of pandora i would imagine is a 5/5 game , but this battlechest by itself is 2 stars at best .
 I recently purchased this game so that I could play along with my boyfriend . First of all the box was slightly beat up , but I did n't pay much attention to that . I opened the box and tried to load the games . It was successful until I went to sign in . It turns out that these games are the European version , so not only can I not play with my boyfriend , but my computer saw the games as `` foreign '' , freaked out , and now I am having some major problems . Nowhere on the box does it say that this is a `` European version '' , so unless you read the itty bitty print on the back of the CD , or your computer freaks out like mine did , you would never know . I would recommend that no one buy these games from Amazon , either someone messed up , or they obviously do n't know what they 're doing . I am VERY unhappy and wish that I had n't wasted my time , money , effort , and computer .
 Well as far as fun goes I will probably never know I am into my third day of free trial and still have not even been able to play the game at all . It has caused my computer to lock up several times and I have a new laptop with windows vista . The one time I was able to log in it said all the realms were offline so if you want to waste a lot of time loading this game and then waiting for the updates to load everytime you log in then take a chance of not being able to play at all and then paying them 15 dollars a month for poor service and tech support then you have chosen the right game . I am told it is addictive so maybe I am better off not getting on but I would like to have tried it for myself especially after spending the money on this stupid game . Theother thing that bothers me is they advertise 30 day free trial but yet force you to give them a credit card upfront before you get the free trial this way they are assured to get there money and if you want to cancel later they will make you jump through hoops to cancel your membership just like every other online SCAM I have encountered and do n't be fooled that is exactly what this is a complete scam by the Blizzard company just to get your money . They are no better than a group of pick pockets in an amusement park .
 This game is really , really addictive . The sad thing is it 's only moderatly fun because it get 's very repetitive . You will find yourself wasting tons of time on this game , and when you 're not playing and you 're at school or work , you will be thinking about playing it as soon as you get home . Buyer beware this game is worse than nicotine and crack combined ... friends do n't let friends play WoW ...
 this games needs to destroyed its way to easy and takes no skill at all to beat it . ffxi is far more difficult then wow
 I did not know this product required on line game play only . And after a month you have to pay for a subscription ! Totally dissappointed
 If you 're looking for a good single player game , or enjoy sitting aorund for hours talking to people you do n't know on the internet , WoW might be right for you . Otherwise steer clear and save yourself a boatload of cash.Leveling up to 70 can be fun , there is enough to do to avoid grinding at least with your first character . Once you 're there though , the game screeches to a bloody halt.PvP is lackluster , pointless , and wholly unenjoyable.Raids are enjoyable if you like sitting around for hours.Every character in late game is identical both in equipment and abilities for a given class.Blizzard also decided to completely ruin Warcraft 's back story too.Play something else .
 This may be a wonderful game . Or it may not be . Sometime next week I may find out . There were problems loading the game from the discs ; that took two days to resolve , what with the limited hours the Blizzard tech support desk is available . And now that it 's loaded , it is on its second day of downloading required patches . I have a DSL connection , but due to a number of factors the tech support desk could n't help me with -LRB- or maybe was giving me the runaround on -RRB- it is downloading at dial up speeds . When you have several Gb to download - and the accumulated patches really are that big - this is going to take a while.As for the package as a whole , the two `` bonus '' guides are miniature versions of the originals , which means the many graphics and especially the tables and maps are of very inferior quality to the original . I had to resort to a magnifying glass to read some of the text.Since this is an online , pay-to-play game , the registration process required an upfront credit card , PayPal , or game card account . I inquired about this , since the box implies you get 30 days free with the purchase of the game -LRB- which , by the way , is slipping away while my computer downloads all the patches -RRB- and I received a disingenuously worded reply about avoiding interruption of game play time when the trial period runs out . You pay at the beginning of each subscription period and all the options except the game card renew automatically unless you cancel . Thus Blizzard gets their money even if you do n't want to keep playing , unless you manage to make that unseen deadline to cancel the subscription.Finally , I must say , that as I have periodically monitored the status of the `` realms '' -LRB- areas where your character is assigned to play -RRB- over the last few days , it appears that they are out of service a lot - at least once every three or four days . Sometimes they are out for hours . I rather doubt Blizzard gives you credit for those times , either.So , think hard about whether you want to spend money on this . The Amazon price is not discounted , so you may be able to find it cheaper at a local retailer . The books included are n't much of a bargain , given their poor quality , and you can find all the information in them on online forums , so you may get a much better deal buying the basic program and the upgrade separately . Finally , if you do buy it , realize you wo n't be able to play it right away . Between installation issues and the required patch download times , it will be days or longer before you can play , and you 'll need to leave your computer tied up downloading the patch files during most of that time.On the whole
 At one point in Warcraft characters are asked to use a device on a prisoner until the prisoner releases a certain location . You are told it 's OK for your character to torture as you are not bound by restrictions . The item you use to torture -LRB- as stated in game -RRB- , `` inflicts incredible pain '' . The human character you torture pleads for the player to stop . Just something to think about .
 This is not a review about World Of WarCraft -- which would be a 5 star rating . Instead , this is a warning to anyone thinking about purchasing the WOW BattleChest from Amazon . DO N'T DO IT . My BattleChest rolled in looking normal . When I tried to authenticate the keys with my Battle.Net account , it would n't work . Closer examination revealed that the keys had `` EU '' at the end of them.Even though I live in the USA and ordered this product directly from Amazon , they sent me the European version of the game . Anyone who knows WOW will realize that this is a rather large problem . It 's complicated by the fact that there is NO indication on the box -LRB- that I could see -RRB- that this is the European version of the game instead of the North American version ... until you 've already opened it to see the codes.Several calls to Blizzard were illuminating . First of all , the many reps I spoke with all indicated that they are seeing this issue with orders from Amazon ALL THE TIME . Second , my request to swap out the European keys for North American keys was simply not going to happen . Guess who gets to re-buy the game?Play WOW . Buy WOW . But do n't buy it from Amazon .
 Wasted my money on this because the author sent a EU version instead of US . Why would you sell a EU version on US website?If you want US version do n't waste your money on this .
 Like several of the other negative reviews , I was highly disappointed that Amazon sent an European version of the game . I am unable to play with my friends in the US . Why would Amazon mail an European version to a US mailing address . . beats me .
 If you want to try a Massively Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game -LRB- MMORPG -RRB- , and you have n't yet , this is a fair enough place to start . Blizzard frequently boasts about their subscriber base being in the millions , and with their mind-boggling selection of densely populated servers , I believe it . Some games , likeLineage II - 4th Anniversarywill say things like `` 14 Million Have Subscribed ! '' and that may be true , but they mean EVER , not RIGHT NOW . Most MMOs have 10-20 servers , and World of Warcraft -LRB- WoW -RRB- has ... a lot more than that . Even so , at peak periods -LRB- evenings and weekends -RRB- , you can be queued for your server , meaning it can be a good 30-60 minutes after you login before you 're actually able to play , unless you consider watching your place in line dwindle a rollicking good time.The actual game , like most MMOs , is vast and varied . The introductory sequence is done very well , regardless of your race or class . You will be led through a tutorial without realizing you 're being led through a tutorial , and that 's no small feat . The middle game is a bit muddy , however , and Blizzard seems intent on making WoW an endgame player 's kind of game . So , what we 're left with is the high polish of introductory sequences , and the ever-increasing experience gains for lower levels in order to make the journey to the max level shorter.This sort of thing is where Blizzard and I start to come apart in terms of vision . I playedUltima Online 9th Anniversary Collectionback when it was brand new , and later moved on toEverquest I
 If you do serious typing for a living like me , this is NOT the keyboard for you . For some bizarre reason the Creative people decided to put two '' \ '' -LRB- forward slash -RRB- keys on this keyboard . I barely used the one to begin with . To make matters worse , this redundant key is located immediately to the left of the letter `` Z '' , which is traditionally where the shift key should be and the shift key is now two keys away from `` Z '' . I typed one document with this keyboard and I hit that '' \ '' key just about every time I wanted to hit the shift key . To accommodate this extra key , they shrunk the left shift key to half it 's usual size and my left pinkie had to do an uncomfortable stretch to hit this shift key in it 's nonstandard location . The other '' \ '' key , which is usually located either above the enter key or next to the backspace key is now placed between the enter key and the apostrophe key on the `` home row '' . And again , I am hitting that '' \ '' key with my right pinkie instead of the enter key , which again , is an extra distance/stretch of my pinkie away.The mouse also has a design problem . It has a `` back '' button on the left side of the mouse and a `` forward '' button on the right side . These buttons are located midway between the front and back of the mouse and almost flush with the top of the mouse . So when I grab the mouse to move it around I found myself accidentally pressing the `` forward '' button a lot and had to hold the mouse in an uncomfortable/unnatural way in order to avoid hitting that button.It is unfortunate that they chose to play fast and loose with the standard QWERTY lay out as the ability to charge the batteries without taking them out of the keyboard or mouse is a nice feature . If you are a hunt and peck typist , maybe you can live with the changes , but if you going for speed and type for a living , this keyboard will frustrate you immensely.Also , a personal pet peeve which is common to most wireless keyboards
 This keyboard and mouse combo came with my new computer . I 've returned it once because the mouse stopped working on the 2nd day that I had been using it . Unfortunately , the replacement mouse stopped functioning a week later . I 've been much happier with the Microsoft Wireless 3000 keyboard and mouse .
 I finished the game in 1 evening ! I installed it and completed all 5 crime scene investigations in less than 8 hours . There is little thinking required.All the clues have to be found by rolling the mouse over the screen and waiting for the arrow to become green . You can not zoom on things that are not important.All the clues are put together for you , the questions you must ask are written on the screen and you can never take the wrong detection/collection tool , or go the wrong way or saying the wrong thing to the wrong person.If you want to PLAY a game , Dont waste your money on CSI . If you want to pay 20 $ for 5 episodes of CSI tv show in which the characters talk to you while you sit confortably on your couch , then you might enjoy this.Some nice twists in the story line , graphics are good , user-friendly .
 i really did n't try it because it is not compatible with my Mac OS Xnot like what they mention on the Box ` Compatible with OS X 10.4 or alter ' i Use Mountain Lionand its not working so i trough it away
 This product said it was MAC compatible , but when I tried it using it , it did not work . If I had known that it was n't going to work not only would I have not purchased it , I would not have opened it because now I can not even return it so Im stuck with a game I ca n't use or return .
 Like Indiana Jones and the Emperors Tomb by Aspyr , CSI is also an older game intended for the Powermac platform . It gets stuck in play and has no pause or escape process , in fact , I had to power off the computer to shut it down . Having forensic military training and several years skip tracing experience I find the game plan relatively limited . I have questions that the game does not anticipate . Also , instructions on how to play or strategies are absent . Or maybe my iMac can not access them .
 I got this game because it looked like fun and because it got such amazing reviews . After having played it on and off for a few weeks , I 'm perplexed -- why do people like this game so much ??? Honest , I gave it a chance . I paid off my first mortgage -LRB- only to be slapped with another , much larger mortgage -- and I did n't even have a choice -RRB- , I 've written letters , gathered oranges and shells , dug up fossils , tried fishing , sold stuff to Tom Nook , etc. I have two major problems with this game :1 -RRB- The animals are at best neutral , and at worst very rude . I am nice to them and have sent letters and so forth . Why do they call me names and complain all the time ? It 's so negative , it gets on my nerves . Plus it 's kind of creepy . One of them called me ` slacker ' after every sentence when I had just met it ! What 's up with that ? 2 -RRB- I already have a job , a mortgage , and a community . This whole game just feels like work ... and I do n't even like the coworkers!Small things that get under my skin : - The incessant head-wobbling-Characters saying the same things over and over again-Trying to pick up oranges that I ca n't see because a tree is in the way-My character 's Raggedy Ann face-The owl sweating every time he wants me to donate a fossil-Tom Nook following me around the store while I look at things-Having to turn back and say goodbye every time I want to leave the store-Characters leaving town even though I sent them stuffOMG , I could go on and on ... In conclusion , I guess it would make more sense if , in fact , this game is actually for kids , who are n't already dealing with the realities and responsibilities of life . I do n't know . Like I said , I 'm perplexed !
 My wife and I are fans of the original Animal Crossing on the GC . We were so hooked on that game ! lol Well she and I purchased the DS version a few days ago . She and I are hooked on that one too ! lol I have logged a good 15 hrs so far in just a few days on it . And my wife has a good number of hours logged herself . =-RRB- If you enjoyed the GC version , you will definitely love this one too . And for us adults out there , do n't be afraid to play this game . Sure it looks kiddie but man it 's fun ! lol But as one guy said , the fun does wear off as time goes on . But believe me , you do get loads of enjoyment out of this title . I love the fact that there are many more species of life in the DS version , namely the saltwater fish . I caught a shark yesterday and it was too cool ! I do see where the GC version is better than it 's DS counterpart but that 's no real biggie b/c it 's still a blast for item collectors . There are once again so many things to collect and catch and such . The one thing in this game that really ticked me off is that I found out that I can not get Tom Nook 's Nookington 's with the barber shop in it due to the fact that I am not connected with wi-fi and such and I only have one DS as well . I also only have a dial-up connection in my home . So it appears that the main store with the barber shop is off-limits for my wife and I . That is really really so irritating to me . Hence the 2 star overall rating . To me this was unforgiveable since the GC version I had no trouble getting the department store all by myself with my one copy of AC . Nintendo should have thrown in another way to get Nookington 's for those like me out there in the gaming world . But to sum up this title , if you are ok with a `` cutesy '' game with an addictive collecting theme , then pick this one up . It 's nearly as fun as the GC version and worth a look .
 i have this game , and it 's really cool . you can get up to 4 people in your house . you can design stuff and arrange your house . you sell things to tom nook , but he can get really annoying . you get neighbors too and i have one called marina . at first i thought she was a pig , but she is an octopus . when you talk with her and she gets sad -LRB- little purple-and-black swirly things pop up over her head -RRB- if you keep talkin her voice gets low . also if you talk to people too much they get really crabby and they get mad when you hit them on the head with a net over and over . there is soooooooo much other stuff in this game , but if i told about all of it my review would be really long , and you people should just discover this game for yourself . GET ANIMAL CROSSING !!!! bye :-RRB- p.s. a dog gives you songs on saturdays at 8pm in the cafe in the museum !
 i got this game for christmas one year . I played it and it was really fun ... . for about three monthes . After i made a great house , met all the people , finished my work , and picked up over 1000 oranges it got BORING.After i played this game for around two weeks i met a mole that was awfully rude and cruel . He called me a slacker and looser , plus he wouldent let me type the stuff he was telling me too.The people -LRB- animals -RRB- in the game are very annoying too . They all say the same thing over and over and over again until you want to bash your head into a cement wall.another problem is the mortgages , they shoot up to a great height . Its a GAME . and kids that are six dont know what a mortgage is , they barely know the value of money.another problem is the people who judge your house , half the time its just `` your house is a wreck . '' the other half its `` you can do better . `` and heres another problem , you know how i said the game was fun for three monthes ? well two of those monthes were during summer vacation , i could have been playing outside but i was inside playing this dumb gameDO NOT BUY THIS
 This is a very open-ended game , in that there is n't any quests to go on ... or any real goals -LRB- other than collecting fish and bugs -RRB- or any real character development ... or story . You simply wind up in this town filled with a bunch of talking animals that you can interact with . You can also expand your house and customize your outfit - but why ? It does n't effect anything in the game.Also , it throws a hissy fit every time you have to cut the game short for some reason . When you start back up , you have to listen to this long in-game lecture about how you 're supposed to save at your house first , so that you do n't undue anything that might have happened in the course of playing . I can see the logic in that , since it involves online play , but still , it 's annoying . I do n't need scolded by my own game.Then there 's the online play . Online play is just about the only way to make this game interesting . It allows you to connect with other players and visit their towns , ect . But the problem is , you ca n't go online unless you already know someone 's ` friend code . ' And how exactly can you find out someone 's friend code , if you ca n't go online an meet them ? No one else I know owns this game -LRB- which says something in itself , -RRB- so I guess I 'm out of luck.This game is going in my ` resell ' pile , that 's all there is to it . Maybe other Animal Crossing games are better .
 My daughter was not able to play the game , and it kept getting error messages or it did not show up on the menu at all .
 You just walk around and talk to people.The only fun part is getting music from KK Slider the dancing dog .
 The first day I played `` Animal Crossing
 I do n't really understand the point of this game . I 'm guessing it 's geared toward little kids since I found it very boring and petty . It is also difficult to understand what to do next , and I gave up near the beginning . I did n't have a manual because I bought it used , but I did not enjoy this game . Good luck to you ! -LRB- Just because I did n't like it does n't mean you wo n't ! -RRB-
 I got this game because lots of people say its fun.But its REALLY boring.I played it for 20 min . and i wanted a new game . I tryed to like it too ! And also if you dont save it this mole thing comes up and starts calling you a loser and other mean things . I took it back and got My Baby Girl and i liked it ALOT better .
 There is almost nothing to-do in this game at all . I really wanted to like this game , but it 's just terrible . I gave it to my girlfriend , and she agreed that there is nothing to-do in this game.To any one thinking of purchasing this game , I recommend Harvest Moon
 I bought this for my 10 year old daughter and after a month or 2 she met this Resetti character . He 's a total bully that , if you do not allow yourself to be bullied he will call you -LRB- or your child -RRB- names such as `` dumb '' , `` dirt '' and `` loser '' . Not only is this terrible for a child 's self-esteem but teaches children to be rude , insensitive and defensive or else submissive to bad characters . I can not believe that Nintendo came out with this character on ANY game , much less one that is rated E. With the crime rate & other problems being what it is in this country this is not the types of behaviors and characters I want to passively expose my child to , which will desentitize her and teach her that this kind of communication is normal and acceptable .
 I loved the game when I was 10 years old . Then I loaned it to my autistic brother -LRB- 8 yrs old -RRB- , and it seemed like a good idea.I thought that making freinds with animals could really help his social skills , and he really liked the Wii version . However , hedid not know how to save on my DSi so he just cut it off . Every time you `` reset '' the game , a mole named Resetti comes outto lecture you . I never really cared much about what he made ME do , but he made my AUTISTIC brother type in `` I am a loser . '' ! His therapy instructor is currently working to teach him not to say things like that , and then one of Nintendo ` sstupid characters forced him to type negative stuff in ! This game could have been a major step for him and me , but now I 'm getting my copy back.And here is what I thought of the game : If you decide to purchase this for a more self-confident child or yourself , this is the worst installment of the Animal Crossing franchise . The whole point of Animal Crossing on the Gamecube was for your family to interact together in a virtual town , which can be pretty neat . That dose n't work out on the DS because it is a personal system , the Gamecube was a family system . Nintendo also tried using wireless connections for multiplayer , but that does not work out either . `` Local '' play makes me wonder what Nintendo thought about how many DS systems each family was going to have . Even that is not the social level the Gamecube / Wii provided . Then Wifi , the same thing as local play only over the internet . Friend codes ... You work hard to get a friends randomly made number , then you will never know when they are online . Years later you upgrade from a DS lite to a DSi which requires a completly new friend code . Then you upgrade to a 3DS 6 months later ... new code , your friends DS lite breaks , new code for him ! Of course if you are really desperate you can always share a game card with your family , but then you have to share a house ! In the Gamecube version they gave you a little square with 4 houses ... one for each player . In the Wii version they spread the 4 houses across the town so you do n't have to look at your sister 's ugly roof ! But on a Nintendo DS , you share a house . My brother and I barley get along in City Folk on the Wii , so we really ca n't get along in 1 house ! Our houses in the Wii look completly different ! My brother enjoyed putting fish -LRB- because he loves fish -RRB- in his house with a nice gentle song playing . My house is filled with 8-bit mario pieces -LRB- because I love Mario -RRB- and gold sofas with a rock tune playing . It would be kind of hard to combine fish with a bunch of Mario items and have room to spare . If you prefer to play Animal Crossing alone -LRB- I do n't blame you -RRB- , you 'll have lots of other problems . The animal 's AI is really annoying . They walk around , walk some more , and then say the same thing over and over . I was able to talk to Nibbles and then hear Sally say the same thing Nibbles said 5 minutes earlier ! It really gets annoying because most of the animals are either jerks or poets . As mentioned earlier , the mean nieghbors were the main reason I stopped letting my brothers play . The rest are pretty much poets . I love poetry , but not in a Nintendo game . One example is that they use big words to describe the weather , when they could say `` I wish it would stop raining '' . After having a conversation you heard within the week from somebody else , you would expect your nieghbor to do something else besides use complex metaphors and talk about dieting -LRB- FOR CRYING OUTLOUD THIS IS A CHILDREN 'S GAME ! WHY WOULD A CHILD CARE ABOUT DIET CUSTARD ? -RRB- , but they do n't . In the Gamecube version you could do chores for the animals , and they occasionally built igloos and went camping . In this version all that they do on a normal basis is walk around . And forgot NES games , I know that is something that some people bought the game for . No classics in this version though , not even Super Tortimer.Overall , this game is weak compared to the versions on Gamecube and Wii . The mole is an insulting monster who made my Autisic brother type in negative things about himself . The Gamecube Resetti was much more amusing and less severe . The DS Resetti made me want to smash the game when my brother told me what happened . I am a HUGE Animal Crossing fan , but keep newer and younger fans away from this .
 I bought this game for my eight and six year old . I got the game out and played it myself ! The first thing I had was fight with some mole . He called me a punk along with other ugly words . I do not recomend this game at all . I value what my kids say and would never want my kids talking the way these animals talk in this game ! They are rude with no respect . Do not waste your money on this game!Mom of three on the Coast
 This is one of the WORST games I have ever played for the DS . Do n't waste your money like I did . After three hours of mindless tasks and insanely boring interactions with the local denizens of my self-titled town , I realized that the game was NOT going to get any better , and that the thirty bucks I plunked down for a used copy could have been much better spent paying a homeless man to sing sea shanties for half an hour.DON ' T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THIS NONSENSE !
 This game is so addictive it will scare you . I found this game under my bed one day while cleaning my room , I had bought it when it first came out but only played it once . Happy to have a reason to not clean my room I decided to play it . I played it all day that . I ended up playing it everday for weeks and just could n't stop . Later I found out that some of my friends had also had it and never played it so I conviced them to play it so we could play on wifi togther . They also played it everyday . It was super fun . Now im sure your wondering if it was so fun then why did I give it one star overall ? I gave it one star because I wasted a whole summer on that game when I could have been playing outside . My whole world had revoled around that one game . It took all the strength I had to put that game away to never be played again . So i could never fall under its addictive spell . A few years later I had found it again and couldnt seem to remeber why I had hid it in such a werid place as in a box in my closet . So I once again played it . I had been playing it for about an hour before I was about to turn it off , then said , no I must buy this first . Then about 10 minutes later I said , I should get some more money , clean up the town , and more . Suddenly relizeing what had happened I turned off the game without saveing and never put it in a box and stuck it back in my closet and put `` do not open '' across the front so I would never waste anymore of my life playing in some fake fansty world when I could be doing the same things in the real world with real people . I cant physically stop you from buying this game but if you do i want you to think if a whole summer werth of fun is a equall exchange for some ds game .
 I did n't understand at all . What was the point of wandering around and around and around . Not for me .
 This game was a gift for my 11 year old Granddaughter . I guess she is having a rollicking good time playing the game . I have not spoken to her since Christmas so I have no real idea what her level of enjoyment has been .
 This is my first -LRB- and last -RRB- Animal Crossing game . I was browsing games to get for my new DS when I happened upon this one and thought it was something great due to all the good reviews . But I have to say this is the most boring game I have ever seen . There is absolutely no purpose what so ever , you just walk around talking to people , horrible . They could have at least thrown in a few puzzles .
 When I got this `` game '' I cried . I expected great things to come out of this game , having loved the first game , but all I got was Animal Crossing with some Online advantages . This game is A TOTAL RIPOFF of the first game ! They even DESTROYED the holidays ! Christmas , Thanksgiving ? All wiped off the face of the planet . And New Year 's Day ? Pathetic ! This game also comes with a caf ' e and an observatory , which are n't all that anyway . When I see games like this I want to yell , `` Why , Nintendo !!! '' -RRB- : ----------- -LRB- Author unknown due to his not wanting to be killed by an angry mob -RRB- PS . I am actually a huge Animal Crossing fan . I rated the last game a five out of five ! -LRB- Which is rare -RRB-
 for me the game is o.k but i like the old kind of aminal crossing for you like games that happen over and over again then this game is for you but i would say thes two games1.nintendogs2.old aminal crossingare a bit better then brooooooooooooing new aminal croossing.harvest girl pro
 this game is boring . I waited for months and nothing happen . the old animal crossing is better .
 A friend of minte told me this game was awesome , and so worth it . I go on here , and it seems all the reviewers believe the same . I get the game -LRB- mistake # 1 -RRB- . I play it for and hour , then it gets boring . It 's already repetitive . This game just is n't worth a cent of it 's cost . And , I ca n't sell the game anywhere for as much as I payed for it . This game sucks , do n't get it , if you like even the TEENIEST little bit of fun , this game is n't for you .
 I was a huge fan of the Game Cube version . I was so excited to see the DS version come out so I went out and bought the DS . Boy was I sorry . All the hype about the Wi-Fi connection is really poor . After not being able to connect to my computer with the wireless DSL connection , I sent for the Nintendo USB Wi-Fi connector . Do n't waste your money on that either . It still did n't work . I called the nintendo people and they had no clue why it did n't work for me . So I am out the price of the DS , the game and the USB Connector . I only wish I had n't listened to the reviews that came out . I would tell you to try the cheaper Game Cube game . That is well worth the money at only under $ 20.00 .
 once again , time is running out , do not hesitate now ! . go out ___ -- ____ -- : : : '' and do your best . everyone can use a bit of help now and then , and only you have enough raw talent to do so . stick to it . Confidence
 I played this game about six years ago . It was good then . Since then I 've played the newer version on the Wii . After playing the newer version then going back to this one , I found myself horribly disappointed . The controls are weak , the fishing is just plain bad , and the game itself is just sad . I 've played all of the Animal Crossing titles . I 've enjoyed all of them in there own time , but after playing City Folk , there really is no going back to Wild World . I honestly think that the original version would look better than Wild World . It 's been a severe disappointment .
 My children , ages 6 and 8 , received this game for Christmas . It is rated E for everyone so I thought it would be okay for them . They are having fun with most of the characters and most of the game except for a mole named Resetti who is very rude , calling the children names , etc. when they do n't turn off the game correctly or he makes them repeat phrases like `` I 'm a cheater . '' `` I 'm a loser . '' before they can go on with the game . My 6 year old commented that she just tries to hide from him . She came to me upset because she could n't type what he was telling her to so he kept berating her . She brought the game to me for help in getting past him . His behavior was totally overboard and uncalled for . Then there is another character , Camo Frog , to whom my 8 year old wrote a letter to introduce herself to him . Apparently , this is another part of the game . She received a return letter from this game character , calling her a loser and telling her that she is lame . How is this fun ? How is this part of a game that is rated as okay for every age ? My children would be in a world of trouble if they were to EVER speak to someone the way these characters are acting and speaking to them . The game is now thrown away . But , I want to warn other parents , if you care whether or not your children are conditioned into thinking that it is alright for people to treat one another with disrespect , bad manners , and bullying , then do n't buy this game .
 I purchased Animal Crossing about a week ago for my eight year old child . Not only did she love it , I thought it was really cool too . What we realized after a few days of playing was that the characters are not only snarky but down right mean . I 'm in shock because my daughter was just called stupid and rude for no apparent reason by one of the characters -LRB- Gwen -RRB- . I 've been playing the game with her because I 'm very cautious about anything my daughter gets into . I noticed that at any given time , all of the characters can be petty , materialistic , rude and mean . How is this game rated E ??? I do n't get it . This game is not for kids who 's parents teach them manors , respect for themselves and respect for others . Now ... I gave this game one star for fun because other than having to deal with the characters , this game `` could '' be really great . My rating of one star for overall is based on the fact that I can not ignore the blatant and hostile tone of this game . I will never reccomend it .
 I dont know where to begin . First of all nintendo has made online for this game needlessly complicated ! You are required to trade friend codes with a friend , you cant just play with anyone . That eliminates people who do not know anyone with a ds , and people who dont want to go around joining game forums to look for people to swap codes with . Plus holidays like CHRISTMAS , HALLOWEEN , and THANKSGIVING have all been removed from the game . We now have made up holidays like `` be nice to nook day '' , plus they arent even on the same day as the other holidays . And yes that means no lights on Christmas as in previous acs . Plus nintendo took out nes games , becasue they want us to buy them on the upcoming revolution . Jingle the christmas reindeer is gone , along with all holiday characters . When i finally found someone to play online with , it turned out to be boring ! There really isnt muchto do its really a social interaction assuming you know the people . I dont know anyone with the ds , so all I can do is trade items with strangers i had to find on a game message board . Dont waste your money if you already have the original Animal Crossing .
 I played this game for about two hours ... it was soooo slow moving . I had no idea what I was doing . I did n't have a house . I did n't know how to get money . It was stupid . So I shut it off thinking it was an autosave type game . WRONG ! When I turned it back on I had to do the whole thing again ! This actually turned out to be a good thing because I changed my responses to the questions and ended up with a house this time and a job . So it does matter what you say when you answer him in the cab . I have played for about a week now . I played last night for a few hours but I keep fogetting to save before I shut it off . This mole guy shows up every time you do this and yells at you . He was yelling at me for 6 minutes telling me how stupid I was and how I was trying to cheat the game or something . I stopped reading and just tapped the screen until he quit . Well this time he did n't quit . He wanted me to type things , like I 'm so sorry ! or I 'm stupid ! or whatever his name is rules . I got tired of doing this because everytime I typed it he came back and acted like I typed something else instead . I do n't now how to continue and I 'm tired of trying ... I want my money back !
 My daughter is 10 and started to play this game , but I had to take it away from her for two reasons.The first is a `` design flaw '' around the games response to the power being turned off during a game . On the Nintendo DS , it is quite easy to accidentally turn off the power during a game , due to the conspicuous location of the power / reset key near the right toggle button -LRB- and the screen pen -RRB- . This happened once , and then a nasty character named `` Mr. Resetti '' appeared the next time she turned on the game and criticized her for turning off the power before saving her game . This could be a cute and helpful reminder , but it is n't . The character is very rude and abusive and persistent and can not be avoided . Considering that no damage is done to the game or the chip by powering down the game without saving , this feature is over wrought . Too many times my daughter has come running to me in tears , not able respond properly to this characters taunts and riddles . -LRB- She has here own Mac and Ipod and can program iTunes , iLife , send email , etc. , so she is no whimp in the computer department . -RRB- She can waste 20 - 30 minutes getting past this character to return to the game . -LRB- Do a google search on Nintendo DS `` Mr. Resetti '' and you will find numerous bulletin board choked with pleading comments from exsaperated users about this hurtful character . -RRB- The second reason is more subtle but more important than a software design fault . Mr. Resetti demands that the children playing the game type in various phrases before preceding . These phrases are numerous and demeaning and must be typed precisely . Two of the phrases are `` I 'm a cheater . '' and `` I am a loser . '' I simply refuse to have my daughter play any game the make her sacrifice her own self esteem before a cruel and masochistic virtual animal character . Obviously , Nintendo has no sense of parenting , family values or human dignity by allowing such a feature to exist so prominently in its software . I am now wary of Nintendo 's judgement and will look closely before buying any more titles from them . This software should be for teenagers 15 and over only .
 I had such high hopes for this game - and at first it was fun , I met the animal friends , upgraded my house , bought furniture , wrote letters , caught fish , picked fruit , found fossils . Then ... that 's about it . There was no obstacle , no `` game , '' you just kept picking fruit and digging fossils to sell or donate - there was no goal to achieve . The animal friends all had the same things to say . Hitting them over head with my net was somewhat amusing , but even that got boring - they do n't hit back and they were your best friend again the next day . I had no desire to attempt to catch every one of the 75 different types of fish - because you caught all of them the exact same way . Same with digging fossils and catching bugs - there was no skill needed . You tap the gound or swing your net . There 's no challenge or strategy or skill . One character even told me , `` if you want to find fossils , just keep roaming around . '' Wow ! That 's exciting ! I play games to escape the boredom of life and to use my mind to solve puzzles . This was NOT the game for me .
 My seven year old daughter fell in love with this game . However , when you forget to save correctly when turning the game off , a horrible little mole comes out . It tells my child she is dumb , a punk , and dirt . It got to the point that she would cry if she forgot to save correctly , knowing this horrible little mole would come out . I have no idea why a child 's game would include such an unforgiving character . What child has n't forgotten to save a game correctly . Especially considering every other game on her Nintendo can simply be turned off when she is done . We finally sold this game , not being able to put up with the horrible rants of this little character . I do not recommend this mainly due to this aspect . Otherwise , the game is great . But , it is just so upsetting that this had to be added to a child 's game . Beware the nasty mole !
 As someone who is a big Harvest Moon fan , I thought Animal Crossing would be a good title since it has a similar day-to-day feel of running errands and accomplishing things around your home and community . What I did n't realize is that Animal Crossing is NOTHING like Harvest Moon in terms of setting goals and achieving them . There is no urgency whatsoever . I 'm not looking to be timed on tasks , but it felt so lackadaisical and dull.There were things to collect , but no real reward for doing so or any sense of accomplishment for completion . Ok , so I collected some things , what does that change or unlock ? Nothing ! There were characters to talk to , but your relationship with them was flat and never changed or grew . No matter how much you talked to them , they never really changed what they said or did anything interesting.I 'll admit the game is cute , and there are some neat options for customization , but what you see is what you get . No new features are ever unlocked and there is no real point to any of it . This game is pure monotony .
 I paid $ 13 -LRB- including s & h -RRB- for a GAME DEMO ! I was hoping that i was going to get Metroid Prime : Hunters not , Metriod Prime Hunters , First Hunt . This game was a promo item given out with the DS when it was released . The only good thing about this vendor that i have experienced is how fast i got my demo !
 Okay , PLEEEEEAAAASE do n't get me wrong people ... go ahead and check out this game , heck , i 'm sure its worth it . Well , I 've lost allot of faith in games anymore ... metroid prime hunters ... what can I say ? Its typical anymore -- loss of imagination . People who make games ... they do it for the money , and lose heart in the making itself anymore . I AM A HUGE METROID FAN !!!!!!! HUGELY OBSESSED !!!! But , i 'm just not feeling into the game spirit anymore . The action was n't there ... compared to zero mission and fusion , i just did n't get the feel . Metroid prime for the game cube gave me the same pessimestic , but true to heart feeling . Maybe its because i 'm too use to classics ... or that i can only play games as side-scrollers ... games like this anyways . I honestly do n't know what to say to tell you the truth . I know there are allot of people who love this game -- and games like it . I just feel things have gotten a bit too different anymore . I did n't like how this game looked cartoony . The other hunters did anyways . Sure , the graphics were outstanding , but there was just something missing I did n't know what . Okay , i 'm just trashing this game ... that 's not what i 'm trying to do though . Like i said , I love metroid !! Just not this one , or any of the newer ones out there . The fun of it stopped at Metroid Zero Mission . Fusion was cool . Super Metroid was the bomb ! Hunters ? Corruption ? Prime ? Echoes ? I just got bored . And now , here 's hunters , i played it , and got the same feeling . But I 'm going to keep the game just because its metroid and I like metroid , and I do n't ever want to change the fact that every game system I have ABSOLUTELY HAS TO HAVE A METROID GAME IN IT ! So , i still make an acception . I just hope that Samus returns to side-scrolling and this third-person stuff ends . Or ! Both ... both would be fine too . Because people who like her in side-scrollers can enjoy her there , meanwhile the third-person fans can enjoy her as , well , in third-person . It was n't a horrible experience though , Michel Jackson 's moonwalker was . No game could ever be that bad EVER!Okay okay , its just how i look at it sure . The monsters were more vicious sounding in the older games , looked more nastier , meaner , full of hate ; prime , they looked like shiny forms of graphics . Computer-generated animation . Well , OF COURSE !!! ITS JUST SO DARN NOTICEABLE THOUGH !!!! That 's it ! That 's what bugs me , older games and even the ones on game boy advance were animated for a `` COMIC BOOK '' feel . With that , I was actually hooked . That 's what I miss , that old comic book feeling while I visualize the game itself as A SIDE-SCROLLER !!!! Metroid Fusion had it . Hunters does n't . Well , people will argue with me , I 'm just waiting for the comments . Not welcomingly , but i know there coming . Hard core fans of hunters would definitely bark at me for this one . Hey , its just how i feel , i ca n't help it . I just miss the old days is all ... you know what I mean ?
 After playing through half of the single player mode and obtaining a Rank 3/5 on the online component of the game , I have decided to warn everybody about this game . # 1 . The single player mode is BORING . It is REPETITIVE . # 2 . The bosses are RECYCLED . Hooray for fighting the same boss 3 times with another cheap gimmick added in to make it more difficult . # 3 . Weapons
 From personal experience , this is an awful game . But , I 'm aware a large number of people gave it Five Stars , so I 'm forced to conclude that they either have some type of superhuman ability to cope with the funky controls , or they 're masochists.I waited literally years to play this game . The promotional videos looked incredible , and the prospect of encountering , and controlling , other Bounty Hunters was enough to make my mouth water . I bought the very first Metroid Prime back for the Game Cube , a game which was hard , but GOOD . Metroid Prime
 I got my DS about a week after it came out and it came with a demo of metroid prime hunters . When I played the demo , I was blown away with the great controls and graphics . I did n't know that this was possible on a handheld . Well , I could n't wait for the game to come out after I played the demo . Finally , it came out about a year and a half later and I picked it up the day it came out . I loved it for a couple of days . Then , I realized that there are only 4 levels in the single player game , and all you do is travel back and forth between them . Well , after I found that out I figured I would give the multiplayer a try . Multiplayer is definately better than single player . You can play online or regular wireless , and there is little lag online . However , the matchups are random unless you have friends that play . If you do , you can make a custom match in a lobby and you can do voice chat . All in all , You should play this game before you buy it to see if you like it .
 So I am a HUGE fan of Samus and the whole Metroid franchise . But this game fell off big time for me !! First the controls are just out of wack for me ! They just did n't work for me ! The bosses are the same -LRB- your fighting a stick or a ball that gets harder when you go to a different planet -RRB- But what made this game terrible for me had to be ... NO SAVE STATIONS !!!! That was a huge mistake for this game ! If you died you had to start all the way back at your ship which fustrated me to no end !! There is no replay value for me ! Hopefully the next Metroid DS game will be better !
 What can one really say about Metroid Prime Hunters ? Not much if you are looking for its good points . Far as the bad stuff there is a plethora from which one may condemn this game.The first fault of the game is the truly awkward control set up . By default the touch screen controls your view -LRB- up , down , turn left , or right , etc -RRB- and tapping the screen makes you jump . You are going to be tapping a lot given that the touch screen is about the size of a business card and enemies do n't simply stand still . As a result you 'll find yourself jumping until you get motion sickness.For some odd reason the x , y , a , and b buttons are also mapped out to make you jump . Thats five different ways to do the same jump . Changing weapons , morphing and switching to missiles are also handled by the touch screen thus making the already small area for adjusting your aim even smaller . It is a true mystery why the programers did n't simply map those options to buttons instead.The game has a nasty habit of recycling enemies as well . This may happen up to four times with regular enemies . The real slap in the face however is when bosses are recycled . You will be fighting the same two bosses a total of four times each . A floating gray ball and a giant pillar are only so exciting the first time , by the fourth you 'll be trying to find any excuse not to fight them again.As for the other hunters in the game , while they are a bit more unique than the bosses , the A.I. shows less intelligence than a bag of flour . It seems to follow only two rules
 This is one of those few , rare games that I completely regret buying.First of all , the game does n't really feel like a metroid game.The single player game does n't really have much excitement or exploration . You go forward , you kill the same handful of enemies -LRB- sometimes with a different color -RRB- and you move on . Most 2x4 's have a more stimulating plotline than this game.It 's pretty obvious that the multiplayer is -LRB- supposed to be -RRB- where it 's at in this game . Unfortunately , it 's fairly unrobust . You get to choose between a wide variety of different Hunters , and by wide variety I mean about 3 that are worthwhile . The maps are shoddy and poorly designed and with little variety between them.Now , all of that might be forgiveable if the game was at least fun to play . Unfortunately , this game has what could possibly be thought of as the worst control scheme ever invented by a man . You use the stylus similar to how you might use a mouse in a traditional PC FPS . Unfortunately , you 've got about an inch and a half area on the screen to move the stylus before you start bumping into other buttons and randomly changing weapons/switching into alternate form . I have yet to discover a way of handling this game that does n't result in wrist or finger pain after about 30 minutes of use , but fortunately I rarely play that long before I turn it off in disgust.I ca n't really think of very many merits this game has . Its boring , poorly designed , unbalanced for multiplayer -LRB- and has a number of level design glitches as well -RRB- . It 's unfun to downright painful to play . I guess it has fairly good graphics for the DS , but that 's really about it .
 It looks pretty cool . But the big problem is the sensitivity of it ... you try to steer your vehicle but the wheel doesnt register till about half a full turn . Its a worthless purchase that i regret buying .
 Cut along story short , I bought this from toys ` r ` us over here , it looked cool and I figured why not , how bad can it be ; I plugged it in loaded up wrc rally 2001 and could I control the car ... , the car was all over the place , the wheel 's sensitivity is non existent , turn left nothing , abit more still nothing , abit more and it would suddenly vere off to the left and the same when turning right , bottom line impossible to drive with this steering peripheral ; steer well clear -LCB- pun intended -RCB- of this , you have been warned !!!!
 I bought this to use with nascar 2002 and it is bad . You can not control the car . I finished every race in last . I use the regular controller and could win . It is not sensative enough . By it turns your in the wall . DON `` T BUY
 I do n't like this light . It does n't give enough light to play well in the daytime . The glare is very bad . You should use a lamp .
 Once sentence captures it all - `` Pretty lame - Millhouse '' . -LRB- For those who are Simpson illiterates , that 's Mrs. Krabapple describing Millhouse 's science fair project . Millhouse bellows `` Behold the power of gravity ! '' , and then lets a slinky step once down a ramp . -RRB- There are so many great games that I wish they would copy and insert Simpsons characters in . The only time I ever played Doom on the PC was when someone installed the Simpson?s wad . To be Homer Simpson and to fight giant Flanders throwing Bibles at you me was great fun . Of course , when they blatantly copied a game , they had to blatantly copy one of the worst games out there - Crazy Taxi . Why could n't they copy something good , like Grand Theft Auto 3 . They could have had a hit with Grand Theft Donut.The fact it 's the Simpsons and you drive through Springfield is pretty cool . That 's about it . The 10 missions levels are decent enough to finish , but are n't exactly fun . The graphics are decent , and they actually have the characters speak which is somewhat fun , though not clever or laugh out loud funny.The main game consists of getting money to unlock cars and levels and to get one million dollars . Each time you go through a run , you gain about $ 6000 . The run takes about 10 to 15 minutes to complete . Every 20-30 grand , you can unlock a new level or a new character . The unfortunate thing is that after 10 rounds , you 've done pretty much all there is to do , and the novelty factor wears off . I got up to $ 70,000 before being thoroughly bored with this game . There was no way I was going to unlock all six levels and all seventeen characters . No way would I even consider trying to get one million dollars , the monotony would have killed me.The Simpsons ' Road Rage is a game that gets old really , really fast . It 's fun for about 5 hours max . Rent it if you 're curious , but you 'll be disappointed .
 If you are a BIG fan of the Simpsons , go buy it you will like it no matter what anyone says.Now for those of you looking for something to play . This game is very easy to play which makes things nice . The down side is the missions are so boring . Once you figure out which pattern to take the game becomes incredibly easy . Go to point A to B to C to D to E back to A and repeat.The extra missions will -LSB- upset -RSB- you ... . You wait for 1 to 2 minutes to load a 20 to 50 second mission . When you win you wait another 1 to 2 minutes to save . On average you will play a mission 3 times . So lets do some math here . 10 missions x 2 minutes x 3 replays = 60 minutes of waiting . 10 missions x 45 seconds of play x 3 replays is 22 minutes of play . Thats worse then watching TV.I would like to say the game can be for children buy I can not . All be it the game is easy . It has some very annoying hangups .1 . The simple road rage patterns take the fun out the of the game .2 . The missions only give you just enough time to complete it make one steering mistake and you bought it . Make the correct steering choice and you will have 5 seconds left at the end of the mission .3 . Minor glitches add to the frustration . You can be driving straight and just hit something invisible . This is not an issue in Road Rage , but it is in the Missions which will -LSB- upset you -RSB- after the first time it happens .4 . The look and feel of the game could have been better , personally.Not worth the money to buy this , rent na , borrow maybe.If you got this as a gift I am sorry .
 The serious Simpsons fan would enjoy this game thoroughly . However , I am not a Simpsons fan , at all , therefore , THIS GAME IS AWFUL !!! Fortunately , I bought this game with a gift certificate . Because I own and really enjoyed Crazy Taxi 3 and thought this game would be similar , maybe even better . HUGE MISTAKE . Let me put in simple terms ; - average/poor graphics . PS2 is capable of much , much more - * EXTREMELY REPETITIVE GAMEPLAY * incredibly boring after 25min-incredibly long `` Loading '' screens-mission modes last anywhere between 15 and 45 secs and the loading screen takes about 2-3 mins.-characters have VERY limited dialogue -LRB- i.e. repetitive jokes -RRB- - passenger locations and drop-offs exactly the same , every time-overall gameplay is limited and , again , repetitiveGet the picture ... ? The one and one only reason this game got 2 stars instead of 1 is because of the amount of characters there are to choose from -LRB- after unlocking them all , which is boring and tedious -RRB- So , I hope I have been of some help to everyone interested in this game , dont forget this is my opinion , and obviously , rent the game first , if you insist on checking it out .
 Normally , I 'm a big fan of the Simpsons but this game really did no justice to the name . Aside from the snide remarks that the Simpsons crew throws out constantly -LRB- which in my opinion is the only entertaining bit to this game -RRB- , the game is very repetitive and boring . The graphics were very choppy and sloppy . It was like time turned back , it was 1983 and I was playing Pac-Man on my Atari.It plays like Crazy Taxi , which too , was also a bad driving game . This is really not a game for the older gamers but kids will enjoy this very much because of it 's simplicity . I hated it but maybe you 'll like it . Have fun and Happy gaming !
 The simpson games have always been fun to mess around with . But , as far as buying this game ; there is n't enough to it the levels are short and the overall replay value of this game is weak . Dont buy this game , rent it on a rainy day . Im serious ...
 Its basically the Simpsons version of Crzy Taxi-Hardly different just a plain Rip off , They never used there own game engine just coppies.Buy it if you never plaid Crazy Taxi or even if you never got enough of it.NOT a classic just a Twin clone .
 I am a die hard Simpsons fan and it 's really hard to write this review . The second I heard about this game , I thought it would be really cool and I wanted it . When I got it and played it for a while , I discovered that it was not fun at all . To unlock more cars and characters , you have to pick people up and drop them off at different destinations . This gets very dull and repetitive . The only other thing can do in this game is these ten missions that are mainly composed of collecting or destroying objects in a time limit with no reward . Oh yeah , there this Sunday Drive thing which is picking and dropping people off with no time limit . In fact , the only thing positive I can say about this game is that some of the voiceovers are funny .
 This game is cool if you like the Simpsons -LRB- which I do -RRB- it wo n't matter if you like this game or not . EA uses the Simpons to sell another driving game that is kinda like crazy tazi in Springfield . This game is ok but not great .
 If you compare this game to hit and run , well ... you just cant . Do not paly this game after playing hit and run . THis game is so unrealistic that it is boring . You can play as a lot of different players and there are many different people to drive but it 's just so repetitive . In the road rage all you do is drive people back and forth . They did n't even put time into making the level right . in mission mode you do different missions , but once again they are very repetitive . If your friend recommends this game -LRB- like mine -RRB- make sure to rent it before you buy it . Because if you do buy it you will probably just end up selling it here.rating out of ten
 I 'm a huge Simpson 's fan , I just expected it to be funny or creative . It 's not . The environment does n't have any in-jokes or obscure references , just basic places like Quick-E-Mart , Moe 's , power-plant . You ca n't interact with the environment . The characters do n't say anything funny.On the plus side , the game play and graphics are OK . It is a ripoff of Crazy Taxi.So , do n't buy the game just because you 're a Simpson 's fan , you 'll be bored with it immediately .
 Anyone from Minneapolis or Montreal is likely to play this game and think it 's a simulation of driving in either of those cities with the added attraction of extreme property damage . I had debated buying this game for many months and while I am a huge Simpsons fan , many of the PS2 games I have played have been really awful . In fact , from where I stand , about one game in ten is worth playing , much less actually own it . I also usually try to never pay full price of a PS2 game if I can and if that means waiting for it to be reduced in price or made a ` Greatest Hits ' title , then so be it . ` The Simpsons
 THis game had so much potential , but the designers just did n't put any thought into it . For example , in the special tasks games , why not have a level where otto has to pick up kids at bus stops ? instead , mindless crashing into barrels and picking up characters over and over and over again with nothing to keep you interested . it 's barely worth a rental . I love the show but the game just does n't do anything for me .
 ... by giving this game two stars . I would have given it three , but it just is n't that good . This game is fun for about 30 minutes but then it 's just boring . You pick up the same people and take them to the same locations . The missions are boring and the only thing good about this is the two-player Head To Head option . Now that is some good fun . The graphics are pretty good for the PS2 also but those are the only little things this game has going for it . Sorry , Simpsons fans , but this is going to be a disappointment unless you are a die-hard Crazy Taxi fan .
 the game is just like crazy taxi you drive and pick people up and the loading time is incredibly long and boring this should be aplaystation game not a ps2 game
 This game is pretty boring . It 's just like Crazy Taxi , just with the Simpsons as the cast . The game is just the same thing over and over again , you pick up passengers and drop them of at the designated area in the time limit you are given , so the game is to repeticious . I rarely play it anymore . The only thing I really liked were some of the silly things that the characters said , other than that , there 's no reason to get this game .
 This game is just like Crazy Taxi except done in the most horrific way possible ... 1 out of 5 stars ! This game had like no good gameplay except pick up people and drop em off and a very short story mode ... Which is also crap ... Nothing really to do except listening to annoying bad music which is n't even good and really really bad gameplay ... Hit and Run is waaaaaaaaaaaaay better then this malarchy ... 1 out 5 HORRIBLE GAME!Lates . .
 THis game is horrible . I bought it because it was $ 20 , I should have ordered a pizza . The load time is horrible , you sit and sit waiting for the game to load and then within a minute or so the mission is done and then you are stuck loading again . It is so irritating . I ending up yelling at the TV I was so mad at all the loading . The story line is stupid and so are all the missions . Do n't get this game get something else .
 Everyone loves the Simpsons right ? So how could a game staring Americas favorite cartoon family go wrong ? Well for starters rather than coming up with an original concept they just offer us a `` Crazy Taxi '' clone , and not even a good one at that . Game play is simplistic and level goals seem pointless . The only good part about the game is hearing you favorite charicters interact with eachother . I say stick with watching the show and leave the game alone .
 This game is a fun concept , and the Simpsons references and sounds are great , but it takes FOREVER to load ! And then you finish a level , and it takes FOREVER again . And then you start another level , another ETERNITY of a delay . It felt like I was back on a Commodore 64 . Maybe worth a rental , but do n't buy !
 When I first got this game for Christmas I though it was going to be the Greatest Game Ever ... ANT ! WRONG ANSWER ! It was sweet at first but then it just got stupid and boring ! The graphics give you major hedaches and dizzyness and they just arent good . If your lookin for a ssssswwwwwwwweeeeeeeeeettttttt drive - & - pick up game , definatly get one of the 3 Crazy Taxies .
 This game gets repetitive after awhile . All you can do in this game is drive around with different vehicles and characters.The recreation of Spring Field is nothing like the one in the TV show .
 i dont know why but i beat the game . i just finished it today . I worked on it forever getting one million bucks at about 10,000 bucks every run . every run took like 15 minutes with the loading time . What kept me going was the ending movie but it turned out to be a. . .30 second scene of one of burns ' little insults he gives you after every run . IT ISNT WORTH BUYING . but , it would probably be worth renting . the things the characters say is really funny at first like homer saying `` get in , i 've got candy ! '' and molemen saying '' take me to the dentist , the pain helps me remember i 'm alive ! '' But , after 5 times , its not funny . no way do not buy it only rent . got it ?!?
 video games based on television shows like the simpsons are usually hit or miss , because they have to cram the characters into a gameplay narrative that does n't always make sense or follow any kind of continuity with the show . this game basically takes the simpsons and mixes them with the game crazy taxi . not a terrible idea , because it gives you the ability to play as many of the characters in the simpsons universe and there are lots of opportunities to mix in references and locations from the show.unfortunately , the game is terrible . the graphics are ugly and cheap and visually jarring , and the gameplay is pretty bad as well . the cars have awful handling and the crash physics is all over the place . there is usually such a high level of traffic on the streets that it 's nearly impossible to avoid crashing , and on top of that , many of the streets are kind of narrow , making it even harder to drive with any skill . usually you 're reduced to just crashing your way through obstacles and hoping you do n't run out of time.that 's not to say the game is hard , because it 's not that hard . you can usually drop off 10 or 15 people before time runs out , and it 's pretty easy to build up money to unlock the characters and locations . but it gets old after the first few tries , and you wind up following the exact same pattern and picking up the same passengers each time , making it terribly repetitive . so it 's ugly , repetitive , boring , and easy . not a good combination for a game.the only high point is that the dialogue is funny for the most part , and the large number of playable characters means lots and lots of dialogue . you can play as everyone from chief wiggum to moe the bartender , so once you get tired of one character 's running commentary just switch to a new one . but i would rather just hear an audio file of all their comments and not have to actually play the game to hear them .
 The novelty of this game wears off very quickly . At first it was fun to play as several of the Simpsons characters but when they started repeating their dialogue for the 50th time it became mighty tedious and tiresome.The gameplay is very simple . If GTA
 When this game was first released , I was pleased . I rented it , then put it on my personal `` to buy '' list . After I -LRB- finally -RRB- purchased it , I spent several months watching my created wrestlers -LRB- CAWs -RRB- in action . I said `` watching '' because I was n't very good at actually playing the game . I would let the COM be all the characters . Eventually , I tried playing the Story Mode . Boy , was I in for a surprise.First , it 's almost impossible to perform a Top Rope maneuver . By the time your guy physically gets on the turnbuckle , the opponent gets up.The second problem is opponent recognition . In a match with several opponents , you have to manually make your character focus on the person you want . Imagine how frustrating this can be with up to 6 other folks on the screen -LRB- including the referee -RRB- . The third problem is the Story Mode . I guess THQ attempted to fix their previous Story problems from SD1 and SD2 by offering very brief scenarios . On one had , this is good because you can unlock things faster . On the other hand , it gets very repetitive very , VERY quickly . You ca n't skip the cut scenes , and all the characters use the same movements.Next issue is the load times . Alone , the load is n't long , around 12 seconds . But I often want to make fast changes to my CAWs . Those 12 seconds add up very quickly.But the straw that broke the government mule 's back is the programming bugs . I spent over a week unlocking items . Then I made a CAW with a certain pre-made move set . This particular bug causes the game to FREEZE once loaded . I later learned that other bugs are in the game . There are way to counter-act the problem , but only if you know about the bug first . After you save , there is NO WAY TO FIX IT !! Now , I have to delete all my hard work and start from scratch . I do n't want to unlocking stuff all over again . I 'll be getting a Gameshark soon . If I ca n't unlock everything with that , I 'm going to sell my game.PS
 I must say I am very disappointed in this game . For the PS2 they should have carried out their promises to the fans . Their storyline section is horrible . You have like 4 matches tops depending on what you pick as a storyline choices-Previous Smackdown games have a season mode where you can continuously play as a character as you unlock levels . Here you have to finish multiple storylines in order to unlock wrestlers and movie segments . Lame if you ask me . The Create a PPV is gone as well which is sad . I loved making those . You ca n't interfere during a wrestlers entrance . The only thing you have is improved graphics ... Thats nice but for the PS2 there should be more . If you want to get a WWF game , buy Smackdown 2 for Playstation and enjoy !!!
 THQ REALLY dropped the ball on this one . This game is nowhere NEAR as good as any of the WWF games they did for N64 , and that 's a less powerful system ! The commentary is ATROCIOUS ! The words are pieced together and often recorded at different octaves . And while the new intros are quite cool , I wish they would 've put less time into those and more time into getting the actual GAMEPLAY to run smoother . The characters often seem to jump around the screen at random.For those who simply MUST play this cuz it 's a WWF game , I urge you to RENT IT FIRST ! You will thank me for saving you the $ 50 !
 Ok , the Graphics are alright , but everything else makes for a horrible WWF -LRB- no im sorry , WWE !!! -RRB- Game . Just like the WWF/E , this series is going down the drain .
 When I got this and heard of the indepth story mode in which you make decisions I thought it would be great . However , it 's really short and just does n't have the depth it talks about . If you 're looking for a game to just have big matches with your friends , check it out . But if you wan na have real story mode , wait for a sequel and hopefully they will have fixed it by then .
 ... then this game will be right up your alley . True to the Smackdown ! series , this game is all about pressing the buttons fast and little or nothing about wrestling . If you looking for a wrestling game that DOES N'T play like Tekken , go for WWF No Mercy for the N64 , which is still the best wrestling game on the market in my opinion .
 WELL , THIS GAME AI N'T NOTHIN BUT A PS2 VERSION OF SMACKDOWN 2 . AND THIS GAME AI N'T EVEN BETTER THAN THAT ! THERE 'S A LOT OF NEWER WWE WRESTLERS TO CHOOSE FROM , BUT THE GAME IS VERY UNINTERESTING , HAS BAD COMMENTARY DURING MATCHES , AND THE CONTROLS ARE STILL BAD . THIS IS THE WORST OF THE SMACKDOWN SERIES AND THIS WAS THE WWE 'S PS2 DEBUT . THE GRAPHICS ARE ALSO PRETTY BAD TOO .
 This is the worst game that I have played this year ! The game play is terrible . Sound is fair . They still ca n't make a realistic wrestling game , but wrestling is staged already right ?
 This game made the worst use of PS2 's power . The graphics look like -LRB- ... -RRB- , THQ decided to go for the big picture -LRB- 73 Match types -RRB- and completely bypassed one of the most important things gamers look for in buying a game DETAIL ! Although I am sure that this game will sell like hotcakes becuase of the PS2 gamers ignorance and failure accept that there are better consoles -LRB- XBOX -RRB- and better games -LRB- WWF Raw -RRB- out there , and until they come to realize this , video gaming as we know it is dead .
 WRESTLING JUST SUX SO DO N'T WASTE YOUR WELL EARNED CASH . IF U DO BUY IT BURN IT NICELY . AUH REVOIR
 All I have to say is that if you 're not a real HARDCORE wrestling fan , you 'll HATE this game . Just bag graphics and worst controlling i 've ever used . I 've noticed that the only people that like this game are usually hardcore wresting fans or very casual gamers who dont know what good games are . Of course rent it for yourself but dont buy it . It 's just a waste of money in my opinion
 the graphics in the game is oh ... ok . the games play is could off been better , the story mode is the just bad do n't waste you money and buy this , i just hope someone , anybody would by the crap from me .
 FIRST OFF I WANT TO GIVE THE GOOD POINT . THE ENTRANCES TO THE RING ARE THE BEST PART . I LIKE GOOD ENTRANCES AND THIS GAME DOES HAVE THAT.OK NOW HERE ARE THE BAD POINTS . THE COMENTARY BY TAZZ AND MICHAEL COLE IS QUITE POSSIBLY THE WORST I HAVE EVER HEARD SINCE SPORTS TALK BASEBALL FOR THE SEGA GENEISIS . I CANT EVEN TELL YOU HOW AWFULL IT IS !!! NOW FOR THE WRESTLING , THE MOVES ARE ... I GUESS THE BEST WORD WOULD BE AKWARD . THE CONTROL IS PATHETIC , THE MOVES ARE SO GENARIC FOR ALL THE WRESTLERS EXEPT FOR THE FINISHERS . WHICH ARE GOOD BUT YOU HAVE TO HAVE THE OTHER GUY DAZED BEFORE YOU CAN DO THEM , AND YOU HAVE TO HAVE BEATEN HIM UP FOR A HOUR SO YOU CAN GET THIS LITTLE `` 1 '' IN THE CORNER OF THE SCREEN SO YOU CAN DO YOUR FINISHER , THEN IF YOU GET LUCKY AND GET THE GUY DAZED YOU HAVE ABOUT 3 TENTHS OF A SECOND TO GET IT OFF , WHICH YOU HAVE TO HIT YOUR FINISHER BECAUSE THAT IS PRETTY MUCH THE ONLY WAY TO BEAT YOUR OPPONENT.THE STORY MODE IS SO DUMB I DID A STORY WITH EDGE AND WITH HHH THE SAME THING HAPPENED FIRST VINCE COMES UP TO YOU AND SAYS HE HAS A WAY FOR YOU TO GET A SHOT AT THE TAG TITLES . WHY YOU ASK ?? BECAUSE YOU CA N'T SELECT A BELT OR BELTS THAT YOU WISH TO GO AFTER INSTEAD YOU JUST GO ALONG FOR ABOUT 4-5 MATCHES AND GET A SHOT AT WHATEVER BELT THE COMP THINKS YOU DESIRVE . IN 3 MATCHES WITH EDGE THE STORY WAS OVER AND I WAS THE NEW HARDCORE CHAMP . IN 4 MATCHES WITH HHH THE STORY MODE ENDED AND I WAS THE WWF CHAMP . I WAS LIKE , OK WHAT NOW . ALSO INBETWEEN THE MATCHES THEY DO THIS STUPID FIRST PERSON SHOOTER VIEW AS YOU WALK AROUND BACKSTAGE AND JUST LITERALLY RUN INTO PEOPLE TO GET THEM TO TALK . IT IS SO STUPID AND ONCE AGAIN THE GAMEPLAY/CONTROL LEAVES SOMETHING TO BE DESIRED.I GAVE THIS GAME 1 STAR BECAUSE AMAZON WO N'T LET ME GIVE IT NO STARS . IT IS WITHOUT A DOUBT THE WORST WRESLING GAME EVER SINCE SMACKDOWN 2 AND SMACKDOWN 1 BEFORE THAT . I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND RENTING BEFORE BUYING EVEN IF IT IS JUST TO SEE THE COOL INTRO AND RING ENTRANCES . -LRB- BECAUSE THAT IS THE ONLY THING THEY GOT RIGHT -RRB-
 THQ managed to make Trish Stratus , one of the hottest female wrestlers out there , look like a strange colorful slow moving blob . What happened ?! Most of the wrestlers look funky ... I think it 's because the game designers spent most of their time focusing on the wrestlers ' bodies and movements that they forgot about the heads -LRB- the bodies do n't even look that great -RRB- . It makes for a rather disjointed experience , it 's like wrestling with a bunch of pokerfaces , their expressions are always the same , no matter if they 're standing or getting smacked in the head with a chair . Maybe the next version will be better . I had more fun with WCW Nitro , even though it 's 3 years old -- the game had crowd noise , better rippin ' music , and some fun secret characters like a ghost and a skeleton wrestling old school macho man savage .
 I own the first two smackdown games on PS1 and was eagerly awaiting this one . What a let down . The so called immersive story line is short and almost nonexsistent . The gameplay graphics would have been great as a first gen game . The only good thing to be said about it is the entrances and control in the ring . Leave this one as a rental only game with a few friends . THQ should have known better .
 I was pyched to see this come out ... man what a let down . It 's just a slicked up version of the PS1 game .
 This is by far the worst game ever made for the p2 . Dont waste your money oin this .
 This game has very good Graphics and the sounds is Great , imagineing Stone Cold Stunning the Rock 5 straight times and he gets up in 3 seconds ? and when you are doing a tag match i hate the idea of faceing my tag partners and the refs , see like when you press R2 you look at the wrestler and if you press it again alot of times you 'll face the ref , and your tag partners and it really makes it hard when your haveing a 3vs3 tag match see like on the 64 version you could never face your tag partner and it was a very easy game to play.what is up with the royal rumble ? THQ , a royal rumble starts with 2 people not four okay ? I hate how you get thrown out the ring so easy , like when your standing near the ropes anyone can hit you and go flying out the ring not haveing a chance to climb back in the ring like in the royal rumble game on Dreamcast.and the guys come to the ring too fast give them atlease 30 seconds for each guy that joins the rumble man geez , dont even get me started on that worthless story mode , i mean thats all time low there i dont even want to get on that issue read someone else review on that problem , What happen to the ladder match ? why do the guys climb it so fast , oh nevermind who cares , i like the idea of going in a car to run over people , but why in the world when you try to drive the car it drives like a cardboard box ? it just just slides , man what are you thinking THQ?if they can have 9 people in the ring at once why did n't they have a four on four tag team elimation match like surivior series ? THQ please make the next WWF wrestling game with the N64 controls for the ps2 ?
 If you are into wrestling , I mean REALLY into wrestling then this game is probably okay for you.If you are really into good quality `` video games '' then you will be sadly disappointed.GraphicsThe graphics in this game look very first generation , the character models look terrible , there is no detail , all the wrestlers look fat and their facial textures are just not quite right . The 2D crowd looks like a PS 1 game . You would think in such a small environment on the PS2 they could do much more . The animation was also a bit disappointing , they do have some nice trademark moves that look fairly well animated , but the general game play animation was jerky and `` pops '' quite a bit . The characters will also take damage when they are missed by a visible amount of space , they will get tractor beamed into enemies when they try certain moves . They could have worked on some of the clitchyness as some feels like `` game bugs '' and not `` game play '' . Game playI know it is not fair to compare this to other `` fighting '' games like Tekken , Virtual Fighter , DOA or even Bloody Roar . But the game play was frustratingly slow and non-reactive . The `` counter '' button seemed so slow that it felt like a turn based game . There is also a really bad issue with the character never facing the right direction , you are supposed to press the R2 button to face the closest person on screen but there were times where you were attacking and all the character would turn on it 's own . God help you if you accidentally hit the R2 button.There are a bunch of people that are really into wrestling and will love this game , but from a gamers standpoint it is a really shameful piece of work . Lacking a better way of describing game play , `` it just does not feel good or right '' . More to this point , when I play a good game I like to feel like I am building skills and getting better . This game does not give you that feeling , it is a bit of a masher and it seems that parts of the game are a bit loose and non cohesive . The pin logic for one is still a bit of mystery to me , but I am sure if I put more hours into the game it will make sense.The game does have just about every wrestler and feature you could ask for in a game . The opening video stuff was typical WWF meets MTV clips . My only gripe would be rather than having a ton of half baked different features , characters and modes it would have been better to have fewer that played better .
 I was really excited when I got this game , but really dissapointed when I turned it on . First they should have just left that annoying commentary out . Its horrible belive me.The Story Mode isnt very good either , I dunno I really dont like this game.Graphics are alright , but I think Ill wait for Wrestlemania on GameCube !
 I had high hopes for this , the first WWF game for PS2 , and this game fell short . Way short . The heavily hyped story mode is horrible , the differences between exhibition and story mode opponent AI is too great , and the grapple controls make it difficult to hit your finisher when you really need to . The commentary is even worse than Michael Cole and Tazz 's usual commentary on the shows and the backstage segments are poorly done.If you expect this game to be anything like playing an episode of Raw or Smackdown , you 'll be sorely disappointed . It plays like you 're in an episode of Nitro during WCW 's final months . The story mode is over way to quickly -LRB- 3 matches to the world title -RRB- , and instead of being able to defend your belt , the game ends . Where are the promised grudge matches and actual storylines ? The dialouge during the season mode is laughable and looks like it came from a message board full of 12 year olds.There are a few shining points though , the create a wrestler feature is great , allowing a lot more detail than in the first two and there are a lot of familiar moves and costumes -LRB- RVD , Booker T , Hall , Nash , Flair -RRB- to create wrestlers not in the game . This ads a little novelty to the season mode and raises the replay value a little bit . The exhibition mode and number of possible matches , along with the CAW , make it fun for more than one player ... Rent it first , play it for a few days and then hope Legends of Wrestling Delivers more than this game ...
 I sold it back in 6 days with everything unlocked . Story mode is a joke , no replay value at all . I 'll take my chances with Legends of Wrestling .
 This game is pretty bad . First of all , the controls are just way to complicated for me . And the comantary is terrible . The story mode is one of the worst iv ' e seen . Just dont waste your money on it , period . If you have a nintendo 64 , stick with wcw Black/White .
 just got the game today and im going to return it after i write this the story mode is horrible the fighting is medioker dont bother even renting it it a waste of time would have given it 0 starsbut wasnt allowed to
 i bought four games with my playstation 2 . i was told i had to set aside two which i would get at christmas . so i chose smackdown and gta3 to play now and tony hawks 3 and 007 agent under fire to get at christmas . i rushed upstairs as soon as i got home , plugged everything in , turned on the t.v and got crackin ' . first i played smackdown . this game is the most annoying game i have ever played . when you choose table matches and put youre opponent on the table , you then get on the table as well but if you move one inch to either side you fall off the table , this making it totally impossible to put someone through a table unless you climb the turnbuckle while their on table and put them through it . then theres the cheap commentary that repeats itself over and over again . `` table matches ... are great . '' `` Jeff hardys ... swanton bomb ... . is really devastating . '' its like they just spent a few minutes with tazz and michael cole getting them to say stupid stuff that they would never say in real life ok the graphics may be amazing but i have played this game twice and havnt wasted my time to ever since . the hell in a cell matches are also annoying , the space where youre opponent has to land to be able to fall through the cage has got even smaller and this crowd thats supposed to be so great is just 2D figures that part when you jump into the crowd . if you really want to play this game , rent it out , see how terrible it is -LRB- ... -RRB-
 One of the first 2 games I bought with my new PS2.The entrances are very good , you have a bunch , of wrestlers available , and tons of different match types . But the real reason you want to buy this is for the game play right?Game play just stinks ! Story mode is a complete bore . The ` commentary ' is annoying
 The graphics are substandard at best and the wrestlers look almost nothing like themselves . While they added the entrance themes for each , they should have skipped it to make the wrestlers look more realistic . The career-mode is n't , it just does n't exist and is the biggest waste of time.Overall this is a very bad game , glad I rented it prior to getting my copy shipped out so I can return it . 007 , GTA3 are way better games graphically and visually .
 I have to say I expected a lot more from this title . Comparing it to the past 2 for the PSone it appears that THQ still does n't have a working model for the story or career mode . I was able to unlock 96 % of the secrets in 11/2 hours . The grapics are good and the load times are quick -LRB- saving is agonizing -RRB- . Create a wrestler mode is as deep as ever , moves included . However I just ca n't get over how weak the Story mode is , 5 matches max and your story is over . Then you have to start over with the same drawn out FMV scenario and limited choices . You will play yourself out of this in a few hours . Then really what are you left with ? Exhibition matches ? No thanks THQ .
 fruity , fruity , fruity.i just have to show a list pros ; choose from stars like jeff hardy , stonecold , and the rock.ok graphics . cons ; you basically have to kill yourself to get out of the hell in a cell.the specials are jacked up.you cant even here the commentaries.thousands more . i played it with my cousin.if you like wwe , get here comes the pain , raw2 , or legends of wrestling 2 because it is better and has a better season mode with storylines .
 This is one of the worst wrestling game I have ever played ! Pro Wrestling for the Original Nintendo was better then this game . The commentary -LRB- was bad -RRB- big time ! 90 % percent of the stuff they say has nothing to do with what 's in the ring . The wrestler takes a pounding for 10 mins before you can even get a 2 count ! Save your money or buy a different game . I only wish I could get rid of mine .
 I liked Smackdown 1 & 2 , not a lot , but enough to make Smackdown 3 feel like a tired retread . Instead of the heinous load times in Story Mode from Pt . 2 , Smackdown 3 replaces them with a virtually non-existant Story Mode . Three matches , you win the belt , game over . What is THAT ? The bazillions of match variations add little . Tag matches are frustrating . It 's too hard to tag out , and then you can mercilously beat up your opponents outside of the ring ... and they WO N'T FIGHT BACK ! Weapons/tables/ladders are all worthless . Cage matches make it difficult to see your wrestler . The controls are overly simplistic , and the graphics are improved , but not up to what you 'd consider GOOD for PS2 . A waste of money and time unless you really , REALLY need a wrestling game . Hopefully a good one will come out some day .
 Uh ... where do I begin ? The story mode is the worst idea I 've ever seen on a video game . What is the point in having a story mode where it lasts about 15 minutes . Stick with SD :2 if you like seasons to simuate real life WWF . Other than that , though , the graphics ae unbelievable . The entrances will blow your mind , and the gameplay is really good . There 's nothing much more to say about the game other than -LRB- sorry THQ -RRB- rent the game rather than waste your money on it !
 Yea at the time it had the story line right . And yea the game has a high replay value . But this game is HARD even on easy this game is hard . The story mode is long and repeditive . I mean dont get me wrong i am a hard core WWf fan but this game is shame full . Stone cold does not look like stone cold . The entrances are correct but in no way long enough . And the `` commentary is laughable not at times but thought the hoel game .
 If you want a somewhat good wrestling game , consider ditching your junky PS2 and get a real game game console - XBOX ! and get yourself WWF RAW , where there is at least some resemblence between the game models and the real wrestlers .
 If you like graphics , this is the game for you . However , if you like a point ... keep looking . THQ has kept us waiting forever on a wrestling game and this is their answer ? Geez ! I want to play it because it looks so good , but there is no reason since there is no career mode . Just exhibition matches ! Ok , there is a story mode , but it 's hardly worth mentioning . Three matches and you 're a heavyweight champion . Among other minor irritations I wont get into , my biggest gripe is the game play . Imagine Mortal Combat with only exhibition games . Boring ! Hopefully `` Legends of Wrestling '' will give me a reason to play .
 A huge step back from the last Smackdown game . Story mode is horrible . Once you win a title -LRB- which you can pretty much do in 3 matches -RRB- you ca n't save and continue any longer . Graphics are just about the same . Faces look a little more detailed but the bodies look less realistic . Music , entrances & commentary are improved but the game play is worse . When facing the computer they 'll waste time doing 3 taunts after every move instead of trying to follow up with another move so there 's no real challenges . Most times when you try and throw someone into something outside the ring they just stop short for no reason . And the game locks up a lot . Overall tons of flaws .
 I 'm not a big gamer . I have n't really purchased many video games since the Sega Genesis went the way of the Atari 2600 . However , the one thing I do enjoy is wrestling games , and the WWF 's wrestling games usually seem to be the best -LRB- compared to the old WCW games , anyway -RRB- . I bought the first two Smackdown games for the PS1 , and while the original game was a bit limited , it was still good . Smackdown 2 was an INCREDIBLE improvement on the original with just a few minor bad points . So , I figured Smackdown
 This game is a waste of plastic . I did not like the gameplay . If you like wasting your life , this game is for you . The graphics were highly pixelated . The animation is very choppy . The sounds reminded me of atari.I like this game anyway . It is the best WWF game made this year for PS2 .
 The reason why I only put one star is because this game has n't come out , you have to win a demo of the game so I can honestly say that this game is the best of the best . But what I can say from religously playing Smackdown Know Your Role is that Just bring it will more than likely be one of the best games out there . From what I can tell and have read there will be 60 diffrent types of matches . Triple H and Undertaker will be coming out to there music unlike in Smackdown 2 where they use the Raw music as Takers music . So HHH will come out to Motor Head
 Let 's see what makes this a BAD game , shall we ? 1 . `` Commentary `` A commentary is when two guys are sitting at a table near the ring , and talk about some stuff OTHER than the current match . Tazz and Cole 's so-called `` commentary '' is laughable and repeats the same phases . Tazz and Cole are emotionless and sound like computers that need to find an acting coach . They sound like this
 Madcatz is usually a pretty reliable brand as far as accessories for video game consoles go , but they 've let me down this time . This component cable set appears to be well manufactured , but is a little thin as far as the wire gauge goes and the output to my TV shimmers and wavers constantly . Output is bad for both games and DVDs -- I do n't know how anyone can buy these cables and use them . In fact my Intec S-Video cable looks much better and it 's constucted of higher gauge wiring . I ca n't see spending the ridiculously overpriced $ 50 - $ 80 for `` ultra-premium '' offerings from Monster Cable or like brands , guess some middle ground has to be found from the high rated Sony or likely more reliable Intec brand .
 I just bought one from bb last night , hook up the PS2 to my infocus 4805 projector component input .1 -RRB- when playing games , it 's pretty good , much much clearer than the regular RCA yellow input , no doubt .2 -RRB- very very bad quality playing DVD though , even the characters in the movie -LRB- credits -RRB- do n't display straight . I wonder if there 's any interference , or it 's the quality of the cable.I am going to return it and try the authentic PS2 -LRB- only -RRB- cable from sony itself . $ 24.99 in Frys .
 I think the cable is defective . Prior to using this cable my audio quality was as expected . With this new cable my video quality is wonderful , but I have serious audio issues . The normal audio for every game now has a hum and distortion that makes the xbox unplayable with this cable . I have wonderful audio out of all other components attached to my receiver .
 i have played tony hawk 3 for playstation 2 and playstation 1 and it is like a totally different game it ... for ps1 but for ps2 it i the best game dont waste money on it for ps1 you will regreat it
 I bought this game for my playstation thinking it would be great and better than the 2nd one but it is worse . There are basically no new features on this game and the soundtrack and graphics are much worse than Tony Hawk Pro Skater 2 . Do not waste -LRB- the money -RRB- on this game if you want a good game buy thye second one .
 THIS GAME CAN NOT COMPETE WITH THE OTHERS . the graphics are blocky , lagging , and the guys stance is terrible . because it was made by shaba , the graphics look much like grind session . it should be called grind session 2 instead of tony hawk 3 . the only reason it gets 2 stars is for some super high drops that add a little fun to the game .
 Notice the developer of it is NOT Neversoft , they were the wonderful folks who brought us THPS1 and 2 . However , they worked on number 3 for the playstation2 , and handed the rights of playstation version over to some other developer . Early reviews are saying that it cant even compare with the other tony hawk games , and that the new developer totally screwed up the game . So while it may have the name , sounds like it isint going to be very good at all -LRB- PSM gave it a 4/10 -RRB- . Im as big a fan as anyone else , but I guess the PS2 version is a whole lot better , which sucks for us still stuck with a playstation . Too bad .
 As a total THPS geek who can hit up 3-million-point combos in THUG and has played through literally every platformer up to THAW , I must say that the PS1 port of THPS3 is the weakest in the series . While it is just as fun as any given old-school Tony Hawk game -LRB- skating through the areas and racking up massive amounts of points is just as prevalent here as it is in any other port , -RRB- the game 's problems lie in the levels.In the PS1 port of THPS4 , you could absolutely tell that they had to chop large sections of the levels off in order to fit the game on the PS1 , creating new ways to experience your favorite levels from the PS2 port . However , in this port of THPS3 , they were able to pretty much fit the parks the way they were originally created . Unfortunately , this creates nearly no new experiences for the player to behold . Notable exemptions , however , are Canada and Suburbia . Canada 's trimming-down contributes positively , creating new sections in the level for the player to skate through . Suburbia 's trimming down , on the other hand , contributes quite negatively , simply creating a cluttered mess of a park that screams `` This park was made on a time-budget . `` Another deal to drive home is exactly how difficult it is to complete the game 100 % ; this can be painfully attributed to the locations of the 5 stat points spread throughout the levels , which are vital to obtain if you wish to 100 % successfully . The deal with the stat points is that they are more-often-than-not placed in completely ridiculous locations , often hidden from view . Some of the stat points / decks are so difficult to find/obtain that they feel like additional secret tapes . Oh , you want to 100 % the game ? Well , here 's a proposition for you ! In Los Angeles , for example , nearly every stat point -LRB- and especially the deck -RRB- are essentially invisible to the untrained eye . If you want to 100 % this level , you do n't just have one secret tape to find ; you have 6 . I 've played through the previous PSX installments of the THPS franchise -LRB- and the THPS4 installment -RRB- several times , because they were fun , tough games that really required you to scour the levels . For the reasons I 've stated above , I feel that I 'm not going to be giving consideration to playing through this port more than twice , instead sticking to the comparatively stellar PS2 version.As the PS2 took over the market in the early 2000 's , Sony and Neversoft had to leave the PSX installments of some games behind to focus on new , stellar works ; and this game is a great example of the results of this .
 i have played tony hawk 3 for playstation 2 and playstation 1 and it is like a totally different game it sucks for ps1 but for ps2 it i the best game dont waste money on it for ps1 you will regreat it
 Like many , I have looked forward to this release for quite a while . I saw pictures of the amazing graphics and art direction and thought that this would be a truly unique adventure.Needles to say it was a huge disappointment . The ggraphics were great in concept but in execution they were grainy and lifeless . The cutscenes were blurry and the voice animation did not match . Worst of all , the camera movement was so incredibly frustrating that I gave up realizing that this was a game that was released half-assed . All this aside , one might think that the gameplay could save this title . Negative on that one too ! I found no amusment in running after cutle little animals a billion times in order for them to follow me.I thought this game would be a more relaxed version of Zelda or something . In reality it was a headache . I resold it the next day.I know you might be reading this thinking , `` thats just one opinion , I should see for myself '' I implore you not to . This review is as objective as it can be.Sorry to dissapoint ...
 This is the worse PS2 game I 've ever played . The graphics are 3rd rate and are far below many PSOne games.The camera movement was so jerky that it hurt my eyes after about 5 minutes of play . My son and I stopped playing and never had an interest in playing again.There are much better games available like FFX .
 Bugs : A -RRB- The runtime slows incredibly when you have too many Doops running around -LRB- bad processing -RRB- . B -RRB- Caught a Gromp and the gate did n't go up . The Gromp was caught and the menu showed it as caught , but the animation did n't match -LRB- Mideen level -RRB- . C -RRB- The bee in Valley Floor gets stuck in a loop by the bridge.Actual bad design issues : A -RRB- Almost three minutes to load for just the title screen . And about one minute between each level.B -RRB- Random camera angles which seem to switch for no reason , leading to running basically blind.C -RRB- Several times music does not change to note whether or not a Gromp is around . Even if it 's hitting your head off , no music change.These are just a few of the problems and bugs found in just two days of playing -LRB- approximately eight hours between two people -RRB- . Do not recommend for the above reasons . My fiance and I tend to think that the company was so eager to get this title on the shelf that they did little to no QA . When you can find that many problems in under ten hours , you know something 's really wrong . I agree that the animation is quite fetching ...
 Do not buy this or any Cosmi or Starshine software . It installs Spyware on your computer and it will take an expert to get rid of it . Do n't make the same mistake I did !
 This mic works , but it is a cheap one . It dose n't feel good after a while . There is always a static sound in your ear which get annoing after a while.I would suggest this a second mic only to use if your normal one brakes till you buy a better one .
 THPS2 was fun . The levels made sense , the physics were completely unreal -LRB- fun -RRB- and the locations had some sort of skatepark or something interesting going on . The locations in THPS3 are lacking . A few are fun , but the majority are chaotic and seem to be designed purely with aggravation in mind . The airport is a great example . The physics have changed for the worse . You feel like your controlling a big sack of lead , and you will fall constantly . The controls are not configurable , and the setup for doing tricks is more a game of hitting things in the correct sequence than any sort of creative use of the terrain . On the technical side , this is one of two PS2 games I 've seen crash . Shipping a game that crashes is totally unacceptable , but this level of workmanship seems to be a major theme in THPS3 . Overall I 'm pretty annoyed with my purchase , and would recommend staying away from this title . Do n't even waste your money on a rental . Hopefully some developer as talented as the SSX people will come out with a good skater .
 Of course being a fan of THPS1 & 2 I got THPS3 ... . big mistake . I should have known that scince tony hawk2 was MUCH harder -LRB- but still possible -RRB- that tony hawk1 , that tony hawk3 would have been way too hard . I do not recommend this game to anyone !!! They have these stupid missions that will get you frustrated off your ... and you will have the game on mute all the time because it has a soundtrack that nobody can enjoy AT ALL . I literally threw this game away , please take my word into consideration .
 This game stinks . The graphics are n't that great and the control is terrible , making it hard to play . Activision should make a new game , instead of concentrating on Tony Hawk this , Tony Hawk that . Tony Hawk 1 and 2 are more enjoyable .
 Of course being a fan of THPS1 & 2 I got THPS3 ... . big mistake . I should have known that scince tony hawk2 was MUCH harder -LRB- but still possible -RRB- that tony hawk1 , that tony hawk3 would have been way too hard . I do not recommend this game to anyone !!! They have these stupid missions that will get you frustrated ... and you will have the game on mute all the time because it has a soundtrack that nobody can enjoy AT ALL . I literally threw this game away , please take my words into consideration .
 I went to the E3 game show and played Hawk 3 for about an hour . It 's the same game as the last two . Ride around and pick up the SKATE letters and the floaty video tapes . They really need to do something new with the game . If you do n't add in a bunch of new gameplay and features -LRB- which they did n't -RRB- , version 3 of anything gets stale ...
 All I have to say to Activision is
 I would have to say i was disapointed after playing Tony Hawks Pro Skater 3 . I have the second one and i love it . The grafiucs are good , music is fine , bla bla bla . But the game is just flat out hard . It has stupid , nearly impossible missions and tasks . The tricks you could do in the second were totally different . Its a good game for people who have the patience and the devotion to constantly work on a game to beat the first few levels . I think people just gave it 4s and 5s because they do n't want to sound like Pu ** ies for not being able to do anything . My friends and I all gave it a 2 out of 5 . We 'll stick to Grand Theft Auto 3 . . Now theres some fun right there ...
 I think the graphics are improved from Tony Hawk 2 but not too significantly . I think Tony Hawk 2 was a more fun game to play than Tony Hawk 3 , the levels on the 2nd one are better and the ramps are laid out better to get huge amounts of points . I wish I had n't bought the 3rd one without renting it first .
 I used to play a game called Chuck Yeager 's Air Combat . The graphics stunk compared to this game , but now I know that the gameplay is what matters , because although the graphics on this game can be very nice , the game is very boring . The cut scenes are unbearable to watch or even skip through . The missions are too easy and not interesting enough . Your wingmen are completely useless , which is too bad because some of the missions where you basically have to bomb dozens of targets would be more interesting if you did n't have to bomb each and every one yourself .
 The reason this game is bad is because it has cuss words.And your jetfighter is REALY hard to control you just crash alot no matter which plane you have.Here are the pros andcons.pros-cool jet fightersdifferent weapons for different fighterscons-Your wing mates barely give you any supportthey just fly around and tell you what to do , maybeshoot a missle once in a while .2 . There is n't any ground support to help you .3 . REALY sucky armor , two missiles and yourdead .4 . Your radar locks on for you.I do n't really care forradar .5 . Last but not least , THIS GAME HAS CUSS WORDS !!! That 's why this game is garbage !
 I placed order even before the game was released . It has been couple days since released day , but You have n't shipped out yet . why ?
 I think there is a reason why accurate flight simulators are few and far between on the consoles . With only a few buttons , a d-pad , and thumb-sticks on a controller , there is n't a great deal of input choices that would make up for a keyboard and full-blown flight stick . Flight sim developers are plane nuts and they strive for accuracy , many gaining access to the real aircraft , even taking test flights in them . Ace Combat 4 is not such a game . It 's a fun romp through a campaign across a fictional nation that much is certain , but it has all the depth of a wading pool . Combat is a simple matter of simply getting close enough to lock up an enemy plane and firing a missile while evading an incoming missile is as easy as turning and breaking . Also I know for a fact that real world aircraft do not carry upwards of 82 missiles.Flight dynamics are a joke ; there is little difference between piloting an A-10 Thunderbolt or a F-15 , characteristically , both air craft handle pretty much the same , save that the F-15 is faster . Realism goes out the window as one can usually out-maneuver an F-16 in an F-4 ; whereas in reality an F-16 would fly circles around the venerable Phantom . Aside from carrying five or six times the missile load out , missiles themselves are equally good at shooting down aircraft as they are blowing up tanks and hardened targets like bunkers . Fire a Sidewinder or a Sparrow at a modern battle tank and even providing you could hit it , the missile might scratch the paint . There 's a great difference between aircraft aluminum and layered and ablative chobham tank armor . Bombs are equally weird , Mk-82 500 lb GBs seem to shoot out of your aircraft as if launched from a cannon . When doing a bombing run you can actually see them fly on ahead of you towards their target.What also got me was how useless the M-61 20mm gattling gun is on most aircraft . I did a little research a few years ago and found that the cannon is incredibly accurate . Its spread pattern of 1-3 meters , even at two or three thousand meters range , indicates a 60 to 90 % hit ratio . In Ace Combat 4 however , it 's a bullet hose with all the accuracy of Fox News . The real weapon is so accurate because its muzzle velocity is so high , and thus overcomes gravity and wind resistance to a greater degree . In other words , shooting down another aircraft is very difficult , because you have to hit it so many times and providing you can maintain a close target lock long enough to pump enough rounds into it . This includes the A-10s 30mm Avenger cannon , the depleted uranium slugs of which will chew up battleship hull armor.These are pretty glaring faults for a game , but despite these , I found myself enjoying the game a great deal on my first play through . I liked the story as told by a young boy whose village is under enemy occupation . I generally like games that let you pick and choose what aircraft and weapons you wish to fly for each mission that is if you have earned enough money to buy such aircraft to give yourself that kind of choice . Each mission gives a series of objectives that must be met to earn cash , a little like anime ` Area 88 ' where mercenaries on both sides battle in the skies over Africa , and use earned money to buy new planes or repair their existing aircraft . You also get a boatload of weapons ; various bombs - guided and otherwise , laser guided Mavericks , and Phoenix missiles - which are actually really cool , because when armed , they lock up everything in front of you . And when you fire , you launch as many missiles as you have targeted aircraft.So , from a realism aspect , Ace Combat 4 misses the carrier deck by such a wide margin that it 's in a completely different ocean . I can accept that ; because it 's fun . And fun is the name of the game . Going after the massive guns of the Stonehenge base and racing down the Death Start II tunnel system to wipe out Monolith , is darn cool . The lack of mission outline , the fact that missions are timed , and the fact that mission 's objectives are handled pell-mell ; is not . The plane graphics are great , and the landscape images are good from a distance . The combat chatter is fun , but you do n't get to hear enemy in your cockpit in real life . Ace Combat 4 is a fun game , but a long , long way from being a real flight simulator or even accurate .
 This is a decent fighter game but by no means is it at the PC level . Its very limited with such things like landings being optional and the ability to just fly off the map to reload.Timed missions are annoying , sometimes you want to just fly around after the mission , and destroy more targets , but you ca n't because the times up and the mission is over.Cut scenes are ultra-cheesy illustrations and a dumb story.Different airplanes do n't behave that differently . Flight physics model is not that great.I beat the game on normal in a day and a half . I wish I rented it first .
 This game reminds me of `` Top Gun '' for the original Nintendo console.Its a button masher , one button to fire your cannon and another to lock-on/fire your missiles . -LRB- And somehow , your aircraft is capable of carrying 50 + missiles . -RRB- In short , its an arcade shoot 'em up game.No functioning fire control computer , no true MDU 's , no NAV aids , no ATC integration , no anything that one would expect to find in an aircraft . You simply just `` fly '' and fire your 50 + missiles.The flight model ? Well , the aircraft fly like Star Wars spacecraft . You ca n't even stall the aircraft if you try .
 This memory card is great for holding memory , but the format feature just does n't seem to exist . That means that a corrupt file would definitely be dead , and so will your card . It has already screwed up on my gamecube , and do n't get it messed up with yours .
 Well , I bought this and was like `` YESSS , now I can save more stuff !!!!! 111 '' because I only had a couple of Memory Card 59 's ... Well , if was fine for a little while ... but one day I stuck it in and the Cube did n't think anything was in Slot B. . . Well I turned off , held it up with my thumb , and it worked , but if I took my thumb off , it did n't fit in . So I transferred my data while I could . Later I taped it up a bit , and it seems to work fine . So I transferred all of my Smash Bros. . Melee snapshots to the card , it was perfect for it . But , even though I still had exactly 899 blocks left , it did n't let me save any more . -LRB- Well I had like 200 pics on it ... -RRB- So I just left it there to rot . Today I popped it back in to view pics . It only works in Slot A if I hold my thumb up to it , and not in Slot B at all . I deleted all of the cruddy shots , and now I have 700 blocks worth of snapshots left . I 'm never using this again , and I hope that someone will come out with a better one . It 's a good Idea to have so much memory , I mean , 2000 blocks will have anyone set , and a hardcore gamer might need two , if they save all of their rosters to sports games and have all of the extra stuff , and stuff ... But this just is n't built well . It 's delicate . It would probably smash in peices if somebody dropped a controller on it . I need a card with at least 700 blocks ... The PowerSaves are just fine , though . It 's nice to just test the limit of some games . I 've used it countless times , and it never messed up anything .
 Spent a LONG time getting almost to the end of Zelda only to have the card corrupt . Ca n't retrieve the game . I 'll never buy off-brand again !
 Do n't buy this one ... I got three before giving up on it . It is a great concept holding that much memory but when you have to format the card every time you use it it kind of defeats its ' purpose . Once again if you want to blow $ 35 then pick this up ... if not buy something better .
 The gameplay in this game is the worst I have ever experienced . Be smart and save your money . It is impossible to execute moves or even punches and kicks on this horrendous game . In addition to the atrocious gameplay , the graphics and sounds are really 2nd rate . They are no better than anything available on Gameboy Color . Come on WWF ! Make a GBA game worth playing !!
 Fun !??! 5 stars !?!? that means these people havent obviously played Fire Pro Wrestling . Lets check the differences : r2Wrestlemania
 My daughter got this for her seventh birthday , and she finds this game continually frustrating . From the very beginning , the touch of the controls needed is extremely delicate . She has no chance to explore before being dumped in the weeds . I wish there were ratings for games based on ease of use . It would have been nice had the game designers kept the truly difficult jumps and swings until a little later in the game , especially considering this game is designed for young kids . The Thornberrys are my daughters favorite cartoon family , and this game is hugely disappointing . It may be better for kids with more game experience , but if your child is just starting out , save this for another year .
 I am very disappointed with this game . My 5 year old who is a very good gamer can not get the controls down on this game . Neither can I and I 'm a computer/video mom who 's been playing since Pong came out ! I can usually help him get through any tough parts on his games but not this one . I spent over an hour trying to get through the 1st level . It was ridiculous . The game is heading to the second hand shop to be traded . Booo . Hisss . Hisss .
 First of all , I am a huge Star Wars fan . That said ... This game looks like it would be a neat game and I 'm sure it would ... IF the play control was decent , but it 's not . This has the worst play control out of every GBA game that I 've played so far . Jumping is nearly impossible to do accurately . That alone makes the game far too difficult and bothersome to play . Things happen to my character all of the time . For example
 Okay listen , I am a devoted Star Wars fan and so is my friend.We are both really into videogames and we wanted to get JPB because of the online reviews saying that it has a 2-player mode . What a load of crap ! Not only does it not have a 2-player mode , but the game is extremely repetitive throughout the entire story -LRB- with the exception of one level -RRB- . Not to mention the insanity I went through on all the cliffs.There is virtually no way of telling how far away something is , so you always waste a life falling off.Trust me , this game isnt worth the ... I paid for it.For the most part , the graphics are OKAY and it is pretty smooth too . But most of all I blame all the shopping sites thatlist under features
 I was really hyped for this game . I read the previews , poored over the screenshots and hunted for the best buy . Finally , I plucked down my hard earned money . Guess what ? I got ripped off . My mistake ? This game is geared for YOUNG players only . I 'm talking pre-teen . Here 's why
 My ten year-old brother-in-law picked this game out for me for Christmas , but I think he really wanted it for himself . The graphics and sound are very good , but the game play is n't very entertaining .
 I only give this product one star soley because I can not use this item . Most of us I assume will use a USB connetion for a gamepad , so I ordered this item assuming it was USB , it does not state in the description otherwise.If you have a gameport , then this will work for you .
 Do n't get this game . It 's graphics are OK , and the high-tech atmosphere is too . The view is awful . You ca n't turn your view and it 's hard to see what 's in front of you sometimes . There 's no in-game saves , and you have to start the level over again when you quit . I quit and saved , and it did n't show anything that I had accomplished . The game does n't explain what you have to do too much , so it 's a `` what do i do ? '' kind of game . This is a waste of money , and if you 're a major platform gamer , this is just an old role-play game . If you want something to play , play Ratchet and Clank . I guarantee Ratchet and Clank is the game of the decade . Sly Cooper and Jak and Daxter are worth it too .
 The item I recieved was Jimmy Neutron
 This game should carry a definite warning , `` Will cause everyone in your family to curse . '' No , not some malediction hurled by the Witch 's Ghost , but real profanity in response to the unresponsive character control and pointlessly precise platform jumping . Add to that strictly linear level design , poor graphics , and a complete lack of skill development -LRB- jumping and pie throwing is about it -RRB- and you 've got a real dog on your hands ! I imagine this game was designed initially for the Game Boy and then ported over because nothing about it appears to have been tailored to work with the capabilities of the Play Station . After spending several hours trying to get through just the second level , I and my family vowed we would never place this disk in our console again for the sake of our relationship . Even my 4-year-old boy found this game to be less exciting than watching our chihuahua have an asthma attack , and this is the same boy that has forced us to watch the Scooby movie with the Three Stooges in it at least six times . Bad dog ! No , no !
 I 'm not saying this game was terrible it was just really hard . The first two levels in Japan are easy but when you get to battleing the boss you ca n't beat him . I tried , my dad tried , and my younger brother -LRB- 7 -RRB- tried . None of us could beat him . My brother thought the game was fun but he would get really mad when he could n't beat that level . He had fun with the other 2 levels though . But he could n't do anything else but play those 2 levels over and over again . He got bored fast and wanted a new game to play . So we traded it in . Trust me if a little kid wants this game and does n't have a lot of experience with games do n't buy it !!!! It 's a waste of your -LSB- $ $ -RSB- .
 First of all , I rented this for my kids who grew tired of it VERY quickly because it is SO frustrating . The levels are hard , no doubt , but only hard because it 's constant platform jumping which is very boring and tedious . Beyond that it 's totally boring - same stuff over and over . The bosses are probably the easiest part of the game . Rent it - do n't bother buying it !
 The amusement lasts for only a few plays . Yeah , you like Scooby Doo and Company . But the game is very , very hard . I am stuck on the third world and will not go further . -LRB- the snow boarding one -RRB- The game controls seem `` glitchy . '' Steering Scooby and Shaggy through various levels is just frustrating . We got it as a gift but do not get it for anyone !
 Sounds good ... double the memory for about -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- less than Sony 's 8MB card ... tell ya what , go ahead and spend the extra -LRB- ... -RRB- bucks . It is more than worth it to AVOID THIS PRODUCT AT ALL COSTS!My PS2 would not recognize that it was plugged in no matter what . Not only that , you are required to run a software cd EVERY TIME you want to play a different game ? The packaging does not inform you if this important piece of information.Again , it is in your best interest to simply purchase a Sony memory card . This InterAct card is one of those `` too good to be true '' products that does not live up to its billing .
 If this product was supposed to be recalled already , why do they still have it on store shelves ? First of all , it is decieving . It has another software disc in it , you have to load it EVERY SINGLE TIME before you play . It says nothing about it , only on the back , and at first you think ` cool , a bonus ! ' . I bought this today , tried it at home , then read reviews on it . I too wish there were negative numbers on the rating system . I saw cases were it actually destroyed a console so he had to buy a whole new one , and everyone should know how much a PS2 costs . Thankfully I only tried it once and mine still works . STAY AWAY AT ALL COSTS !
 This item should not even be rated a one star it should have never been able to be released . First you have to load software everytime before you get to play . Plus in is n't liecensed by Sony so I would n't buy it for that reason alone . If you were to screw up your PS2 your just * & cked . Maybe it is 16 MB but I would go with the 8 MB Sony card . It is quicker to get to your games , not to mention more convinent .
 First of all , everytime you start up your console you have to `` install '' the memory card by putting in a CD and then starting the game from that cd . Second , it does n't work with all games . I bought 5 games and it only worked successfully with one and to get it to work you have to first put in the memory cd then hit start then put in the game cd then hit some more buttons , then CROSS your fingers and hope it works . DO NOT BUY ...
 I purchased this memory card without looking at the reviews . I bought a PS2 so that I could turn on the power , put in a game and start playing . Now though , I have to turn on the power , load some memory management software from a cd , go through a menu to tell the new software that I want to run a game , put in my game cd and then I finally get to play my game . The added bonus is that I play a game and then save the game data , turn off the system , come back the next day and find that I can see the game data , but my game can not load the data from the card -LRB- yes I had to reload the memory management software -RRB- .
 I bought this game at Best Buy , and was told it was `` just as good as Sony but cheaper cuz the Sony name was n't on it '' . As soon as I got , it home and opened it , I found out why it 's cheaper
 Memory Cards using the Mega Memory Manager are a bit of a pain to use . You have to load the memory software everytime you reset the PS2 . That means everytime you load a game or switch games , you have to put in the Memory Manager disk , let it load , and then launch the next game out of the software . It can be quite annoying , especially if you forget to do it . Your memory card wo n't be recognized and you have to start all over . I just wish using the card was a bit more convenient than this process .
 this and the gameshark2 do n't work on all versions of playstation2 WHAT THE HECK IS THE POINT OF BUYING A MEMORY CARDIF ITS NOT GOING TO WORK I 'm inraged at interact . I have spent over -LSB- amt -RSB- on products that simply do n't work !
 I had actually purchased the 8MB version of this memory card from Interact when I bought my PS2 a couple of months back , hoping to save a few bucks , as opposed to purchasing the Sony card . Well , needless to say I was disgruntled upon finding that I needed to use that stupid boot disk EVERY time I wanted to play a different game . However , over time , I just learned to deal with it , even though it was a pain in the butt . The disc fiasco was bad enough , but I LOST MY MIND upon finding the copies of Grand Theft Auto 3 AND Ace Combat 4 I had just bought , would not even recognize that the card was in the slot . And YES ... I loaded the disc first . I called Interact and was simply told that certain games are cropping up that are incompatible with the cards , due to the way the games are being programmed and it 's probably deliberate on the part of the publishers . OH GREAT !!!!! And the best part is ; YOU 'LL NEVER KNOW IN ADVANCE WHICH GAMES WORK AND WHICH DO N'T ! THAT 'S WHAT I WANT IN A MEMORY CARD !!! * dripping sarcasm * Stay as far away from this piece of dung as possible . Only get Sony OR Sony LICENCED products . I just bought a MadKatz 8MB card and it works GREAT with ALL my games ... without the nusance of that AWFUL boot disc .
 I just purchased my PS2 at th begining of the month and with it I got Final Fantasy X -LRB- awesome game -RRB- and with it this '' One of a kind 16MB menory card '' . I did as the directions stated on the card , insterted the disc -LRB- which I still do n't know how to use -RRB- an then popped in FFX . I found out that the game dose n't recognize the memory card , so I was left dangling , trying to figure out how to save . For those of you who are FF fans , you know how hard it is to go through a whole game without any memory card -LCB- s -RCB- . I went to bed at nights upset from spending my saterday getting REALLY far in the game and then having to shut it of and start all over again . The memory card does state on the packaging that you need to install the progrm first -LRB- I think ?? -RRB- but does n't give you clear directions on how to . Overall just do n't think about buying this card . Oh and by the way that person from Illinois who gave this game ***** -LRB- five stars -RRB- what 's he talking about ?
 I read the reviews posted here prior to purchasing this . I do expect that the writer who indicates you have to carefully read the directions is correct -LRB- and you have to be meticulous in following the directions -RRB- , and that this product will ultimately work . However , I had significant problems with the card and with the instructions provided with the card . First , I occasionally got a message when loading the memory manager disk that I needed to load a PS or PS2 format disk - this was inconsistent . Checking the website -LRB- it 's made by the gameshark people -RRB- FAQ section , I found out that newer PS2 machines -LRB- I just bought mine three days ago -RRB- have changes that make the card incompatible . To resolve this , I 'm supposed to send the card to the manufacturer and the manufacturer will send me a replacement . Second , I ended up having to format the card several times to get rid of corrupt files - how to do this is not referenced at all in the provided instructions , only on the website . Third , I kept getting `` Save File Corrupted '' messages when trying to use this - and that problem is not referenced in the instructions or on the website . I was able ultimately to get Max Payne to save once , but was never able to get FF X to save even once - presumably due to the incompatibility problem . Also , check out the website for games that are incompatible with this device - there are a couple listed . Better instructions and references would be welcome both with the card and on the website , and it is very annoying that I 'm going to have to wait to get a replacement card - essentially I have an expensive DVD/CD player without the game card -LRB- I mostly play RPG 's -RRB- . Mostly , though , I 'm annoyed that I ca n't get a Sony memory card , which are in extremely short supply , since I assume that would resolve all the problems I 've been having .
 ... I installed the software and put my game in . When I pressed Start nothing happens . I tried many times but it never works . Listen to me before you throw your money away.-Peace
 i 've read other people 's reviews of this thing and their thoughts about it are similar to mine , except for the person in Hawaii who thinks it 's awesome . Somebody said that it did n't save their GTA3 game , it does n't save mine either . Nor does it save my Metal Gear Solid 2 game . I 've been trying to exchange it for an 8MB card but none are EVER in stock ANYWHERE so i just got the money back . The Memory Manager ... that u must load every single time u are going to play a different game or reset your console is a total waste of time as well . I 've done everything the little ... instruction manual says to do and the games still say that there is no memory card inserted . please do yourself a favor and buy an 8MB card instead , it is more than enough memory for ur games and EXTREMELY more convenient and less of a hassle .
 The packaging should state more clearly that you must use their memory management software to use the card . What if I want to take the card to work with me to play on our PS2 in the game room ? I have to take the disc with me . Even if I wanted to deal with that , they do n't supply a holder for the disc.I 'm going back to the standard PS2 8MB memory cards . This bites . Why ca n't the software be optional InterAct ? Or why ca n't you have it be on the card itself . There is such a thing as embedded controller chips . The PS2 supplies your power anyways !
 Bought this as a Christmas present , only to find it does n't work . Needless to say it is quite a let-down to have a new Playstation 2 and a Playstation 2 game and no memory to play it with . This does n't even deserve a star because it is defective and should be recalled .
 I tried it with MGS2 cd and it does n't work at all . When I return the product , the store sales guy say it needs updated software . Do n't buy this card . MadCatz is the next best alternative .
 this product is HORRIBLE you need a disc to access it EVERYTIME your ps2 is reset or turned off . my friends system accually broke from this product . so spent the extra $ for the sony one ! STAY AWAY AT ALL COSTS !
 ... This memory card holds twice as much space as the official Sony card , but is n't worth it . It is a pain to use this . You have to load up a disc to use the card . It is annoying to have to keep loading up a disc when you want to play . With the Sony card , you do n't need to load anything . This card is also very unreliable , because most of the time , it will , and I repeat will corrupt your game saves . If you were to buy this , I would only keep it as backup , never to use it . I would rather spend 50 dollars and gets 16 MB 's of Sony than the Interact . Wait until Sony releases a bigger card . If you think about it , 8 MBs is a lot , when most of the games usually do n't require more than 300 kb . You can definetely fit 25-30 games that are n't sports -LRB- Madden , NBA 2k2 , All Star Baseball 2003 , etc. -RRB- . Sony 's card is a must buy !
 EVERY TIME YOU WANT TO USE THIS MEMORY CARD YOU HAVE TO PUT IN A SEPERATE DISC AND LOAD IT ! IT -LSB- STINKS -RSB- !!!!!!!!!!!! DO ME A FAVOR AND STICK WITH A 8MB SONY MEMORY CARD . YOUR NOT ONLY DOING ME A FAVOR , BUT GOD AS WELL . PLEASE DO N'T BUY THIS ITEM !!!
 Both the 16MB and 8MBversion are wastes of time.I was so annoyed at finding that I have to actuallygo over to the PS2 , take out my game , turn it on withthe minidisc and then wait for it to load , then take thedarn thing out and secure it , THEN get my game out . Justabout the lamest thing I have ever seen.Stay away .
 this thing is absolute junk , in general buying 3rd party hardware is a bad idea , and this product epitomizes that . Refuses to save some games at all , corrupted all the memory on the card at one point and lost all my data . Not to mention that stupid cd you have to load so the system has the drivers for the ... thing . If you desperatly need a card , -LRB- since sony isnt shipping peripherals for the PS2 right now -RRB- make sure it uses magic gate technology and go with a 3rd party card that is certified by sony for use in the PS2 . Nyko makes a good one that are floating around some retail stores . Its only 8MB but so are sony ones so you arent really losing much there . STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT IT IS A WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY . I would rather not save my games than have to deal with this thing .
 The micro code for this memory card is n't in the playstation2 firmware . You have to run a special CD every time you reset the playstation or you ca n't access the memory . Loose the CD , you loose what 's stored on the card.What a piece of garbage ... I returned it .
 You must boot with the included software * every * time you want to play a game . That -LSB- stinks -RSB- . Do not buy it because the lower price and additional memory are not worth the extra hassle !
 I recently bought a PS2 . When I bought the console , I also purchased this 16MB memory card because it was cheap , had a lot of memory , and was the only one the store had at the time . When I got home , I put in 007 Agent Under Fire and the memory card . When I tried to play my game , the memory card would n't work . I printed some instructions from Interact 's website , and I discovered that you had to use the disc that came with the memory card every time you wanted to turned off the PS2 . I tried to get it to work , and it did n't work this time either . I took it back the next day and got my money back.This memory card is CRAP ! I then bought a Sony-made 8MB memory card . Pay $ 5 more , and get the 8MB memory card . You can save without the hassle , and you can fit over 9 games to one card ! Bottom line
 OK . I understand how this works , and that you have to load the disk everytime , but before you buy this , be aware that it wo n't work with all games . I 've gotten it to work with GT3 , Red Faction , and SSX . But , I ca n't get it to work with Madden 2002 , Grand Theft Auto 3 , or Tony Hawk 3 . I would suggest you purchase this card as a backup for another memory card just for space issues , but it should not be your only memory card .
 I 've had this card for a week , and I 'm going to return it after work today . I 've been playing GTA3 and this card has initialized itself twice in under a week . The first time I thought nothing of it , reformatted it using the instructions , and started my game again . Went to save for the third time , and the card was no longer formatted . Thanks for the waste of my time .
 Got one of these . It does not work with GTA3 or FF X. Waste of money
 I purchased one of these because it was the only card in stock and I naively figured that the memory manager was n't a hard requirement . Was I ever wrong.Not only must you load the mini-cd EVERY time you use the card no matter what , but the cd wo n't stay in the tray if you have the PS2 on a stand . Extra memory management is nice I guess , but having to load the CD is really too much trouble . I 'd have rather seen something that plugs into the expansion bay or something . Maybe the PS2 hard drive will obscelesce this and it can have a bloody removal from the market.Don ' t buy one of these if you have the option to get something else that does n't require the memory manager .
 It is really annoying to have to put the cd everytime the game start ... I would get the on without the memeory manager plus and use it right out of the box . .
 Unfortunately , Sony has n't been able to keep up with memory card demand lately , so us poor saps without one have no choice but to get an alternative , third-party memory card . Borrow a card from a friend instead of buying this one , because this is just awful . If I could give this card a zero rating , I would , since the one I bought was faulty . Get an easier-to-operate Sony card , because with this , you have to load a special disc everytime you play . Resist the temptation if you ca n't find a Sony card , because this is a waste of your $ -LSB- money -RSB- .
 I thought that having a big Mem card would be great . And , like some other reviewers , had a tough time finding a Genuine Sony Memory Card . The need to load software everytime was a bore , but when I went to load WRC world rally champ. , it was gone . I just about let it fly out the window . As inconvenient as it is , just wait for the Sony Cards . Or , buy a UPS and leave the PS2 on all the time .
 I bought this mempry card and returned it the same day . First of all , the packaging did not state that you have to insert the disc before you start up any game , what a pain in the neck . Secondly , even after following the instructions , the memory card would not work for me anyway . You 're much better off paying the extra couple bucks and just getting the Sony Memory card .
 This game requires that you insert software and go through a series of motions to start a game . So basically , it turns a simple thing like turning on the PS2 into an annoying little exercise that requires you to babysit the console for at least a minues . Of course , the box mentions nothing of this , and successfully hides the CD that you need place in you console at the start of the powercycle . Worst of all , the package is designed in such a way that in order to even discover this , you 'd have to tear apart the plastic box , making it impossible to return.Granted , it works , but it 's just damn annoying . Would you buy a car if it required you to crank start the vehicle ? Would you at least want to know about ? At least it 's readily available , unlike other useful memory cards . Of course the main selling point is that it contains 16MB of data . Who cares ? Does anyone really use up all their 8MB memory card?Needless to say , the second I saw a Sony memory card , I grabbed that and never used this piece of garbage again.Even if you do n't mind the extra annoyance of the loading time , you should NOT buy this product . It will only encourage companies to deceive customers .
 Considering PS2 cards are like gold these days I broke down and bought this product -LRB- After the guy at the electronics store told me not to waste my money -RRB- . After reading the directions I figured out how to use the thing.Bottom line is it works , BUT you have to load the CD that comes with the card EVERYTIME you change games.So that means , if you play 5 games you have to load the CD , wait for it to load , chose the file , take it out of the PS2 and put in the game . Extremely tedious but it works , so if your desparate for a storage card and ca n't find one anywhere then buy it . My advice is to try bidding on a PS2 card on ebay and stay away from this card .
 this product goes against the point of making life easy . It 's hard enough to pass the games , we do n't need a memory card , which is suppose to make life easy , to make things harder . Save your money and buy a memory card that works .
 Save your money and purchase a Sony Memory Card for PS2 . They are slowly but surely making their way into Best Buys . The Interact card is not even worth the shipping and handling price .
 This THING IS AWFUl ! You have to download everything on a disc EVERY TIME BEFORE YOU PLAY . not only that after e-mailing the manufacturers they say that they changed it before shipping and it will not work with anything released after grand theft auto 3 . they offer that if you send it and a receipt back than they will send you a working one in 6-8 weeks . BY then they will have changed it again and it will not be working . DONT BUY THIS
 mine worked but you have to load their software everytime you hit the reset or power button . this is not mentioned on the packaging ; should be a law against that ...
 The beauty of a console is you turn it on , put in your disk and start playing . This memory card was designed for those who want to replicate the difficulty in loading a PC game . If you enjoy disk swapping and trying to figure our incompatibilities , by all means - get this card . The process was designed by a Linux dropout - it makes no sense and the direct opposite of why you would play console games.If you own an early PS2 and need to load the DVD remote drivers - does NOT work . They should be more upfront - this is not a memory card . This is a memory card emulator !
 Repeated savings over files on this card lead to the games being corrupted . I 've only had this card for two weeks now and i 've had five save files go corrupt . Having to restart ffx when you 're almost to the end is a real pain and i 'm very disappointed in this card . If you ca n't find a sony card , buy one of the other 3rd party cards , this should be a last resort !!!
 This Memory Card stinks . I bought this with my PS2 and Madden 2002 . I spent Hours updating Rosters and Starting a season , then when I went to save , the damn memory card was n't recognized . It turns out you need to Install the CD before you can save on the Card , and you need to do this everytime you want to load anything off it . What a stupid idea . A memory card is something that you should just plug in and never think about . Do not waste your money , and if someone gives you one for free , turn it down because it 's not worth the headache .
 Well after failing to get this to work I called InterActservice and after I explained that I was following thecorrect boot process they admited that all the new PS2games have changed the save procedure so their memory cardis useless !!!!! They said the only thing to do was return the productsince it only works with older PS2 games -LRB- and also willNOT WORK on any PS1 games which run on PS2 like Tomb Raider . -RRB- But they are making a new card which will work with anothersubset of PS2 games any I could buy that and HOPE it willwork with those games.In other words this product is completely unreliable andit 's a crap shoot if you can save your game .
 This is a junk . . never buy this . . very cumbersome.to use . . even worse than junk ... I wish I could get my money back along with $ for pain and suffering . .
 Do not buy this card b/c it does not work .
 Do n't get this memory card !! It 's really hard to work it . Every game you have to load the disk in and the change it to the game you want . It 's nerve racking . Do n't let the memory fool you . It 's bound to break your PS2 . I should have gotten a real memory card from Sony.I got a good idea ... CHUCK IT OUT YOUR WINDOW ~ !! : : Hey I 'm just kidding. :
 In order to use this memory chip you have to load compression software -LRB- included -RRB- every time before you load the game . Instructions for use are poor at best ; it took me 3 or 4 times to get the right screen & push the right button at the right time : - -RRB- I 'm not sure it will work at all in conjunction with other software such as Gameshark.I suppose if you did alot of heavy gaming using games that require alot of memory it would be worth the extra hassle , but give a regular chip that I can just stick in & play anytime . ~ Angel One
 This is a great product ... except for ... if you did not have to load the memory manager cd everytime that you turn the game off or reset it . It does not tell you on the package . You have to wait until you spend $ 35.00 on the thing and get it home to read the directions . Maybe you will get lucky and find someone in the store you are buying from that actually knows about the products he sells . Anyway , it is a great product , and if you have the patience to go through switching discs all the time , then you will like the product . Sorry if some of this review is misspelled or does not make sense ... lack of sleep can do that ...
 This card must be loaded from CD EVERY time the console is powerd on ! I can not say enough bad things about this card . AVOID AT ALL COSTS ! Save your pennies and get the read deal .
 After many unsuccessful attempts to get this to work with our Playstation 2 , we checked out the Interact & Gameshark websites to see if there could possibly be a conflict . After finding nothing of the sort , we called tech support -LRB- only available week days EST and no 800 # -RRB- . The first tech said it was our proccessor , and that they would send new disk to make the card work . After not seeing anything for three weeks , we again contacted their Tech support number -LRB- long wait times !!! -RRB- , This tech was much more knowledgeable , but informed us that the first tech was `` mistaken '' that , in fact , we had an bad version that they found to not work ! DUH . When asked why there was no information on the website , we were told that they did n't want people sending back good cards mistaking them for bad . They said if we would send the bad one to them , they would send us a new one . After a month , I just wanted a working memory card not another months wait and another to pay for shipping and all . Fortunately Toys R U has a wonderful return policy that worked for us .
 this item does not work with the playstqation 2 game console . the manufacturer even says so do not buy it .
 If you 've ever used this you know what i mean , it takes for ever to get the menu up , and start playing ! You take five minutes to do what two ps2 autherized memory cards do in a couple seconds ! after useing it for 5-10 months -LRB- which i have -RRB- the software dos n't work ! save your money and your time and buy the 2 , 18mb cards from sony !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 My purchase is the worst experience I had with Amazom . The seller sent me a materially different item . when i try to file a a-z protection claim , the required listing ID ca n't be found anywhere .
 WARNING !!! DO NOT BUY THIS MEMORY CARD , I BOUGHT IT AND COULDENT EVEN GET IT TO WORK ! IT IS A HORRIBLE MEMORY CARD , SPEND A LITTLE MORE MONEY AND GET ONE THAT WORKS !
 As others note , this product requires you to load CD software EVERY TIME YOU BOOT UP THE CONSOLE ! What a pain in the neck . It would be okay if it was only being used by Adults , but if you have kids using the PS2 console forget it!This is way too much trouble for the value !
 Yah this thing really -LSB- stinks -RSB- . I did over 70 missions on GTA3 and savd it to my PS2 memory card . but i needed more space so i got one of these and transfered all my GTA3 stuff onto it . when i tried to load it back up it was messed up ... i had to do it all over again.THANKS A LOT INTERACT
 As an employee of a FuncoLand , I have first hand knowledge of many products . The simple fact about this 16meg memory card is that it in fact holds 0megs of memory . How do you figure ? Well , they do n't work . We have had 6-7 purchased , and we have recieved 6-7 back . It 's too bad that Sony is behind on memory card production , because many people are buying these instead , and becoming frustrated and angry . Strond recommendation to avoid .
 This memory card is BOGUS ! you have to load the memory manager software every time you turn on your ps2 , and every time you reset the machine , or change games . It is a lot more trouble than it is worth , unless you sit and play one game all the time and never turn your machine off . I bought this product at a local store in my area , and I returned it as fast as I could , trust me and do n't waste your time with this product !!!
 not only does loading the software a real pain , i believe the software takes up system resources in the ps2 that otherwise would be used for your games slowing the system down slightly.the biggest problem is that it does n't work ! i followed all of the instructions and it worked for a short while , but then the file got corrupted or something and i was not able to restore my game -LRB- gtaIII -RRB- .
 It is too hard to use . The Playstation2 reacts to it like a foreign body . It is not user friendly , I wish I never bought it .
 Ok this memory card may hold 16 mb of memory but beleive me its not worth it . You have to put in the little disc every time you turn on the PS2 and its realy annoying . So take my advice and dnt buy this memory card its a huge waist of -LSB- money -RSB- .
 Bought it and great it saves games , ONLY after loading the special software for it ... On top of that it would `` unformat '' every few days . Do your self a favor , watch reruns of the real McCoys or This old home ... That would be less painful than this piece of junk ...
 This thing is slow and cumbersome , and it simply does not work well , if it decides to work at all . Medal of Honor does not even recognize it , and on many occasions it takes several tries to get it to work on other games . What a terrible buy , it seemed a little too good to be true
 PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS.IT IS NOT MADE BY SONY.IT IS MADE BY INTERACTIVE.YOU HAVE TO LOAD THE CD MANAGER EVERY TIME YOU PLAY A GAME , AND WANT TO SAVE.EVERY TIME THE PS2 IS TURNED ON.WHEN TURNED OFF , AND THEN ON.YOU HAVE TO LOAD THE CD TO SAVE.IT WILL NOT WORK WITH EA GAMES.IT WONT RECONGNIZE THE MEMORY CARD.FOR BEST MEMORY , AND EASY.GET A SONY 8 MEGA BYTE MEMORY CARD.ENTERACTIVE IS Junk.CALL THEM.THEY HAVE A BAD ATTUIDE.OK .
 This memory card , -LRB- and yes , you can load the program to your hearts ' content . . -RRB- will simply NOT work with several games ... including Final Fantasy X . In fact , when trying to save with games that it is n't compatible with , this card may very well freeze your PS2 up . Go ahead , stick that stupid card in the slot , load that software , wait for that half minute , bring up that menu , take out that foolish disk , put in that game , press that start button , and watch as nothing happens .
 although this has double the capcitiy of a normal memory card why not get the one from Sony . No software requried to load and it works much faster too .
 when i start my software it did not load and it said disk read error so i wouldint spend it on that unlees can prove me wrong
 If it were possible to give 0 Stars , I would . This memory card is THE biggest piece of garbage ever ! You have to pop the cd EVERYtime you want to use it . And sometimes it takes you 10 minutes of restarting your PS2 for it to FINALLY read the freakin ' thing . The price and the storage capacity may sound tempting , but its not . Do n't buy it ! You 'll spend many frustrating minutes restarting your PS2 to get it to work . Plus , if you scratch it bad enough to where its not readable . Well , there goes all your saved stuff , because you ca n't even access the memory without it . DO N'T BUY IT !!!
 Interact can not be serious . You actually have to put in a special CD that takes a minute to load every single time you play a game . IT IS REDICUOLOUS !! A complete waste of money . Get the sony memory card . PLEASE DO NOT GET THIS !!!!!! I would have given it a zero if it were possible !!
 I got this card because i was low on money , and i figured that for one memory card that is worth the same as Sonys card , but holds twice as much , it was a good deal . Plus the part about crushing files seemed like it would be awesome . Well i was dead wrong . When i got it i first had to go through a lot of really complicated directions , and of course it took me forever . I then had to go online and see why for some stupid reason my card was freezing my games . It said there might be something wrong with it , so i went and returned it to the store . I got a new one , and guess what ? It was broken . This time the games would say that it did n't recognize the card , and it would n't save . So i got another new one . This time i thought i had it . It worked fine , and i had only spent 10 hours getting it to work ! What a deal . I then found out theres a downside to the upside . Those load times . Every single time i switched the games i had to put in the disc , load , and then play the games -LRB- finally -RRB- . 3 days later . Can you guess what happens ? Of course , it stops working . I got really pissed , and turned it in for my money back . By now the store knew me well , and they stoped ordering the card . I got my money back , and bought a Sony card that works perfectly for me , and hasnt broken yet . So people , please go for quality , not quantity , because you will save yourself a lot of time . And please read this because it took me along time . And do n't listne to those 5 star ratings , because they are morons who dont know what real playing is , and do n't care how much time they waist as long as they save money .
 Do NOT buy this memory card . My PS2 stopped working with new games I bought . A sony representative said that this memory card will damage your PS2 . I bought other 8MB cards and they worked fine . I wanted more space , so I bought this . I loaded it , and it worked fine the first time . I popped the disc in for the memory card and it said , `` Disc Read Error '' . I decided to just put the game in . It made a weird noise when I put the game in . I put in another game . This worked fine , but my 8MB memory card would n't work . This has not been licsensed by SCEA . DO NOT BUY THIS MEMORY CARD ! 2 8MB CARDS WILL WORK FINE ! Do not buy Flash Memory 8MB either , because it is made by the same brand as this Memory Card . This memory card was the cheapest available . I bought it at BJ 's . They should remove it from their shelves . I had to send my PS2 in for repair because of this . Do n't use it unless you want a memory card that will work for 2-3 months or you want to send your PS2 in for repair . Contact support@gameshark.com .
 This is horrible . You have to load a CD to recognize a memory card ! Come on . Be more realistic get the blue-red memory card pack like Im doing . It takes about 10 seconds to load . You then have to enter the CD . I bought this for fifty bucks with a weird PS2 controller and a vertical stand . My PS2 even says I need a format CD.I had to get this because I could not find a regular emory card . Do not get this game unless you want to enter a CD and then your game . This is memory card is -LSB- not good -RSB- !!
 This thing is worthless because you have to load the CD up that came with the memory card before you play a game . also i found it doesnt work with every game . I bought Medal Of Honor Frontline and cant save my games with the memory card . so i went out and bought an 8MB memory card . And besides who really needs 16 MB of space . Well this was just my opinion i hope it helps someone .
 If there were any justice in this world , the developer of this `` product '' would burn in hell swapping cd 's for eternity.In order to use the memory card , you need to insert the accompanying cd in the machine every time you start playing a game . The software takes forever to load and you need to make several selections to get to the phase where you can finally start loading the actual game .
 The idea for this memory card is good -LRB- double the memory of a standard card and ability to archive saves to Zip disk -RRB- , but the final product by Interact is extremely poor . The card is a piece of junk , totally unreliable . I unfortunately did not read the reviews posted here and mistakenly bought the card . On the first day of using the card , it stopped working !!! ~ 4 hours of gameplay down the toilet !!! It was not the PS2 console , since my other card worked . On top of that it did not recognize my Zip drive plugged into the console . Does Interact test their products before selling them ??!! If you are considering buying this product , DO NOT BUY IT !!! Do not make the mistake I made . Stick with the Sony memory cards ... more $ $ , but more reliable and less headaches .
 This memory card stinks !!! do not buy . every time you start up or reset your PS2 system you have to load a disc for the memory card to work . This gets VERY annoying . This memory card also dos n't work for some games -LRB- Medal of honor Frontline -RRB- . I do nott suggest getting this memory card .
 only works with a few games , most games i have played or rented wouldnt work ,
 Even-though I got it to work , it is such a complicated system that you should bypass it all the way . First , you have to do some crazy -LSB- stuff -RSB- to get it to work , then put in the ... cd and play a good game only to have this piece ... not found by the system . I do n't need `` 16mb of storage '' . All I needed was the good-ol ' sony one and was back to saving my games in notime ...
 1 -RRB- My first problem with the disk is that I ca n't orient the PS2 on its end to load the mini disk . This is a pain because I usually just leave my console sitting up .2 -RRB- The second problem is , like many others , that I have to load the MM CD every time to get the 16M cartridge to be recognized .3 -RRB- Problem 3 , I ca n't get it to work with ANY PS1 games . I have n't read all of the instructions , so I do n't know if this is a known feature omission.In general , I had no problems saving my FFX progress which is why I bought it in the first place . That and the fact that there were no PS2 8MB cartridges available anywhere.Overall I ca n't see giving it only one star ... afterall it works for some games , and that 's better than no saves at all .
 I am yet anothe runfortunate indevidual to purchase this ... fortunatly i did n't get it from amazon . . but i was so displeased with it i took the time to warn anyone that might be thinking about buying this!What do you think about putting in a driver CD before you play ANY game ? and putting it in again after you turn off , reset or take it off standby ? well thats what you 'll have to do here ! Buy the official memory card please !! DO NOT BUY THIS CARD !
 . I was in search of an inexpensive way to save my PS2 games to memory . As there were not many choices besides the InterAct memory card for the PS2 , the advertising on the package looked very promising . Not only did you get twice the memory , you could also crunch the memory files down to a very small size , thus allowing you even more space to save more files.I purchased the InterAct 16MB Memory Card and it did not function as advertised.The unit comes with a custom memory card and a small CD the size of a GameCube disk . In order for the memory card to work , you must first load the software into the PS2 . This takes you to the main menu . The choices on this menu allow you to select copying functions , crunch functions -LRB- making your files smaller by using a compressing program -RRB- , moving files from one card to another and deleting.When I first started up the program , everything seemed to work correctly while saving to the card . When trying to load this data back from the memory card , I received an error message on the screen saying that the InterAct card was not recognized . I tried loading for 30 minutes and followed the directions exactly . I thought that I had a bad unit so I returned the item for a new InterAct 16MB card . The second unit was in new packaging , so I thought , `` Ah , they must have fixed whatever was wrong with it ... `` Wrong . Same results . The card device did not work . However , after some detective work on the web , InterAct posted that if anyone had problems with the card , they would take your card and return a new functional one to you . Of course , this meant that you would have to pay for shipping to get a working model back ... if it really works at all . No thanks.The units are all defective . I returned mine and received my money back . After several weeks , all the units were pulled from the shelves of the store I purchased it from , undoubtably , because of all the complaints and returns from customers.The 16MB InterAct Memory Card is non-functional and a waste of money.A one star rating is really too generous for this product as it is totally non-functional . If there was a way to grade it `` Zero Stars '' , I would do so .
 This card will work in a PS2 as long as you load the required software . But you have to do that everytime you start your upyour console or switch games . What a pain !!! This totally cutsinto VALUABLE game playing time ! Even if you decide to buy thismemory card , I recommend looking for Sony 's 8M card and get oneas soon as you can find one . And stick w/the real deal cardsmade by Sony . I 've bought other 3rd party card for my ps1 andhave had only marginal success - Sony 's have never failed me .
 While this is a handy and cheap way to store your game files , you have to load the memory manager software that comes with this card every time you reset your PS2 . Not just after power cycle but ANY time you reset , from standby or resetting after a game . The documentation on the packaging does n't really explain this . But with the way stores are selling out of memory cards this is a great `` get by '' until you can get you hands on a real memory card , and a great way to store game save for the games you rarely play .
 i bought a 16MB Memory Card at -LSB- a local shop -RSB- in my town and it works like trash . I bought it for the obvious reason of it being more memory for the same price -LRB- as an 8MB card -RRB- but it only saves for my Simpsons Road Rage game . It is trash . And you have to install this cd everytime u want to play a game . I do n't know if 8MB cards require the same but I 'm sure they work better because there 's no way they could work any worse . DONT BUY 16MB MEMORY CARDS !!!! BUY 8MB MEMORY CARDS !!! -LRB- games do n't need much to save anyways ... metal gear solid 2 only requires 80kb of memory , that 's hardly any at all -RRB-
 I concur with the rater who complained about the card not working . There are two problems with this card . First , its inconvenient to insert the disk each time - but I can deal with that . What I ca n't deal with is that it does n't work with all games . I have read and reread the directions to see if I 'm missing something . I 've had the PS2 for 3 weeks , and only have 3 games . The card works fine on two of the games , but wo n't work with the Jak and Daxter game - the only game that I actually care about the card working . It tries to save , and then come back with an Error . I would n't buy it .
 I took this back the day I bought it . Loading that Memory Manager software is just a big pain . GET AN 8 MEG CARD AND ENJOY IT ! Buy two if you must !
 I think that Interact can do a lot better that this . This memory card is a disapointment because ... 1 -RRB- It has never worked for any of the people that I know .2 -RRB- You have to load a disk before you can save , and if you break the disk you lose all of your valuble saves .3 -RRB- It does not work with some of the Playstation 2 models.I personaly never went with 3rd party products because they are never as safe for your system as the brand name product is.If you read this review and do n't think it is true then buy the pruduct and I hope for your sake it works !
 ITS PLAIN and simple this deserves 0 stars . You have to load the disk everytime , however i can deal with that . they said it 's double the memory of a standard card . THEY FORGOT TO TELL YOU HOW IT DOES N'T WORK WITH ALL GAMES . Ok i got a ps2 for christmas with final fantasy 10 , smackdown just bring it ! , tony hawks pro skater 3 , and dave mirras pro bmx2 . The next day i went out to the stores for a memory card . since it was holiday time they didnt have any quality official cards so i ended up getting this MISTAKE ! It only worked for smackdown just bring it . I returned it and got a real memory card right next store they just got some in . I wished i waited i almost broke my ps2 . ...
 No instructions for how to use this item were included and it was very hard to figure out how to use . It takes too long to be able to access imformation from the card and I strongly recomend that people stick with the SONY memory cards .
 The PlayStation 2 is my first experience with gaming and I purchased this memory card since it was the only one that I could find available . The manual was some help and I went online to Interact and found more help . I 've been able to get it to work with a couple of my games but I can not get James Bond 007 to work with it . . I 've loaded the software first and it just does not recognize the cards . If anyone has any ideas how to get it to work with that piece of software , please send me an email at -LRB- ... -RRB- As soon as I can find a better card , I 'll purchase it .
 This memory card sucks . If they had an option for zero -LRB- 0 -RRB- stars , I would of picked zero . Since it has memory manager , you must first load a separate disc . Not worth the time . It 's just a really big hassle . DO N'T BUY THIS MEMORY CARD !!
 Lots of memory , but I do n't like the fact that you have to load the program every time you power up your system . If you want to go from one game to another , you have to load the software again in between games ... The only reason I bought it was because I needed something to save my games on , but I guarantee the first time I find a standard memory card , I 'll be purchasing it , using the mega memory as my backup .
 In as few words as I can write ... this is a very bad product . Simply put , it does not work .
 This memory card even though it holds 15MG you have to put the disk in and boot it up before you can start any other game you want to play , wish i had read the reviews 1st .
 I should have never bought this product . The manual does n't really tell you anything , beside that you must load the Memory Manager Disk every time you boost your ps2 . It did n't even tell you how to format the damn thing . I have to sit there for about half an hour to figure it out . And once it got formatted , most of my games do n't recognize the memory card . Because of my greed for more mb and cheaper than the Sony PS2 8mb memory card , I thought I have a good deal . NOT !! People , figure it out ... a 16mb card is cheaper than most 8mb card out there . You do n't have to be Einstein to figure that out .
 OK , Here the scoop this ... does n't even work . First of all when you load the CD like the instructions say , half the time the disc does not even load -LRB- It will say that it is not Playstation/Playstation 2 software . Then after you insert the card it says it is not in the cartridge . So if I were you I would n't buy this peice of equimpment .
 This card gives you alot of trouble.You have to always put in the mini disk in first . If you have game shark , you wo n't be able to use it because you ca n't put in the disk for the game shark in right after you put the mini disk in.And to top things off , it 'll probably curupt on you.That 's what happened to mine . I was playing gta3 and i had to do one last mission and guess what ? My memory card curupted.I wa mad . Do your self a favor , do n't buy this product .
 this card has caused me so much grief ... the reason i bought it cuz it seems to hold alot of saves and well other cards are hard to get your hands on , well when ever i put the disc in before loading my game it says please insert a ps2 disc !!!!!! it dosnt work ... if i try 10-20 it works ! its a horrible product ... . dont buy it !!!!!
 This product rarely , if ever , works . To get the software to work , you have to boot/reboot your system like 8 times , hoping that the disk will be read and you will be taken to the right screens . Then after that , you 'll be lucky if your games/system still recognizes the card . Out of all of my games , only 1 has been successfully saved to the MegaMemory 16MB card . That game is Dark Cloud , but my other games , Tiger Woods ' 01 , Medal of Honor
 Man ! this card is sweet except for one huge problem , you have to load in the minidisc EVERY time you power up or even restart your ps2 . . and the minidisc program is slowwwww , also if that disc gets scratched ... u have to buy a new card ! ... believe me ! get the sony card . . it may be sold out in some places but its well worth it , just order it here
 I HATE THIS THING !!!! I returned it to -LSB- local retailer -RSB- and shelled out ... extra -LSB- money -RSB- for the official PS2 card . My main gripe is having to load the memory manager each time you do anything -LRB- reset , startup , change games , anything !!! -RRB- Do n't buy this . You 'd be stupid and then frustrated . The wear and tear on your system and games is the least of your problems . The frustration you 'll feel will know no bounds . I so badly wanted to snap that mini CD that you have to load in half . But instead , I returned it like a good dissatisfied customer .
 ! WARNING!Do not buy this memory card . This memory card is a complete waste of your money . I would recomend Sony 's 8mb memory card.So this reveiw is practicly just a warning . ! WARNING!DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 I purchased one from Best Buy . I got it out of the case to find that I have to use the disc that comes with it to prime the card EVERY time I want to use it , otherwise the system wo n't recongnize that the card is even there . Second , could n't format it to use it . I would suggest to spend your money elsewhere .
 Just bought one at -LRB- ... -RRB- the other day , looked like a killer deal . NOT !!! You have to load software everytime you use the card , does n't say it on the box , but it is written right on the card . Do n't get burned like I did .
 If you are a person with a PS2 who has the need for lots of memory -LCB- 16 MB , twice as much as a regular PS2 memory card -RCB- and have a whole lot ... -RRB- of patience , than this is probably the right item for you . Otherwise , just grab your mouse , and click on the `` BACK '' button !! I bought this item for cheaper than the average price of a normal memory card , so I thought I was getting a good deal , but I was terribly wrong ... When I opened it , I found this little disk that came with it . After reading the instructions , I found out that I have to put that disk in before I could use the memory card or it would n't work . So every time I want to play a game and save it , I have to put the disk in first so the PS2 can identify the that the memory card is a PS2 memory card !! ... Every single time , even if I accidentally reset the game , I have to put the disk back in to be able to save . And the loading time for the disk takes forever ... Sometimes if you try to erase some data , it will erase something else also !! ... All the memory on my memory got completly got wiped off ... There are also a lot of games that the memory card wo n't save on either ... yourself a favor and DO NOT BUY THIS THING ... It is worth it to buy a different kind of memory card !!!!!!!!!!! YOU WO N'T REGRET IT
 I find myself lucky that I was able to save 4 out of my five games with this card . I know people who hav n't been able to save any of their games . It only works with a select few games . A BIG let down . You might as well buy several regular PS2 memory cards .
 Do not buy this Memory card because it is a stupid thrid party assery . It says it can hold 16MB of info because use can conpress the files . BUt the compressing is a pain . And to even use it on a game you have to put this special disk in . But when you put the disk in it shows you all of the files on the Memory card . Then the software is so stupid that you ca n't go to the game from it and have to restart . Then agin you have to put the disk in to use the memory card . DO N'T BUY THIS MEMORY CARD . STAY WITH THE FIRST PARTY .
 I bought it and you have to keep putting in a disk to save the game . You would have to turn the power off to do it to it is really really really really really really really BAD MEMORY CARD
 Do NOT buy this memory card . I bought this card , and have paid the price . I talked with a SCEA representative . He said this product will damage your PS2 after just one use or many times of use . It damaged my PS2 in late July . I bought my product in Early April . I bought Star Wars Super Bombad Racing and it worked on a friend 's PS2 . But I used it on mine , and and odd noise popped up when I inserted the disc . It has done the same thing with 1/2 of my PS1 games . The representative said that the company has NOT licensed their product , and it has not been tested on the PS2 . The representative said stick with the Sony cards , for they have been tested and approved on all PS2 games . Besides , you do n't need 16MB of space . 8MB is fine . Do not buy Flash Memory 8MB either .
 This is only good for a FEW games . Not user friendly at all . Not easy to return to the store either , even with a receipt but that 's a store problem . Do n't waste your $ on this item .
 This memory card only works with CERTAIN games , which means it is not worth the money you spend . You might as well spend the extra 5 bucks on the real sony PS2 and not have extra memory because this card is not user friendly . DO NOT BUY THIS MEMORY CARD !
 2 words
 This Memory Card is not liscensed by Sony . It requires you to load a program prior to using the memory card every time you turn on or reset your system . My system was unable to read data after a few days without accessing it . This card and its program are now in the trash where they belong . This was a waste of money , and a completely worthless product .
 I was over 10 hours into Sons Of Liberty , I saved on this card.I came back later and was not able to retreive my save for this game . Or any game . I was very angry . I learned a lesson.Loading the `` memory '' manager gets old very quickly.Buy another memory card .
 The 16MB memory card may sound great because it holds a lot more data than the standard one , but it really -LSB- disappoints -RSB- ! Stick with the memory cards from Sony or Madcatz ! Why I hate it ? One reason is that you have to load the software , that comes with it , everytime so the system can read the memory card so you can play a saved PS2 game ! And the system sometimes does not even read the disk ! There are no instructions on how to format the disk , because you have to , and there is no standard way of doing it , and the memory card does not even fit in the memory card holder in PS2 boxes ! So it 's ... cheaper , it is still not worth buying ! Just get the real one instead !
 I had thought about using this card as a backup to my main 8MB playstation memory card.So I copied a bunch of game saves from my sony memory card to this one using their memory manager . I then deleted the same files on the sony card -LRB- since they were now backed up -RRB- using their software . Big mistake.These files are now corrupt in the sony memory card , it is not possible to delete or remove them . Can not reformat my sony card . This product just scrapped a perfectly working sony memory card . Calling up their tech support , they state that they do not provide support for sony memory cards -LRB- even if it was their software that screwed it up -RRB- . Bad bad bad buy .
 Memory card is fine , but it does n't fit inside the game case -LRB- for storage when not being used -RRB- so it 's bound to get lost . Ca n't these firms that make compatible stuff ensure that products fit in the little spots they are meant to go ! -LRB- Okay , so it fits in the game itself -- most important ... -RRB- But come on , mostly these are being used by kids -- at least in my house -- and kids lose stuff , especially when there is n't a specific spot to put it !
 had i known the memo-card only works with certain games i would not have bought it .
 Do not buy this . It sounds like a good price , but even for double the memory at half the price it would -LRB- be bad -RRB- . This is basically an 8MB memory card because in order to get the 16MB out of it , you have to compress and decompress every time you want to use it if you fill the card with memory . And that 's not the worst part . EVERY time you put in a different disc , or hit reset , or turn the power from off to on , you have to insert the disc that comes with this card , let it load , pick your memory card , then eject , keeping the power on , and insert your game . If you do n't do one of these steps , you have to start all over again because your game wo n't recognize that you have a memory card . If you do n't mind waiting 5 minutes every time you want to play a game , then this memory card works fine . But , come on , PS2 takes long enough to load a game already . You do n't need this . A better purchase would be two 8MB card for ... more . If I had been on the job when I first used this , I would have made that ... by the time I started my game anyway because it took me a couple of tries to wade through the obscure instructions . One positive
 I bought this product thinking I was getting a deal . I was wrong . I did n't realized that I had to load a CD just to get the card to work.I only have 6 games and it did n't work on any of them.Do not buy this product . Save yourself the trouble .
 My friend works at a toy store , and when I went there to buy a memory card for my PS2 , he said not to buy the 16MB card . They were recalled because of so many complaints with the `` memory manager '' software . Do you really want to put in an extra disk before starting your games ? Do you think it 's wise to compress files that aregoing to be used over and over again ? Of course not . This product is not licensed by Sony , and if you screw up your PS2 , you 're S.O.L. , because Sony wo n't touch you with a ten foot pole .
 I have yet to get this memory card to work . It may be defective I do not know . You have to insert and load the software before every game you want to save and this seems to be a big hassle . You must load their software and then switch to your game disc . Had I known this I would not have purchased at all .
 This memory card is a complete waste of money . Just to use the card you have to insert this dumb disk , when you insert it the disk it shows all of your files . It may sound easy but it much more complicated .
 is that this memory card requires the use of a driver cd -LRB- included -RRB- - without it your ps2 will NOT recognize the card!AVOID THIS PRODUCT !
 One reviewer wrote that if you just read the directions you 'll be okay . But I read the directions many times and the memory card still wiped out previously saved games . After playing Grand Theft Auto 3 for four hours the memory card was no longer recognized by the system . In the four hours that I was playing it worked fine . I ordered this card because I thought I was getting more for my money -LRB- 16mb -RRB- but all I got was aggravation and disappointment . I 'm shipping mine back and looking for a real playstation 2 memory card .
 This is the worst memory card I 've ever had the displeasure of using . It wiped out 3 of my video games so now I ca n't even play them , when you contact their customer service they will not respond to your letters or calls . I ca n't believe they are allowed to sell such junk . DO NOT BUY , instead spend the extra 5 bucks and get the real one , believe me it will be well worth it .
 I purchased PS2 in Feb 02 not realizing how hard it would be to find a standard 8MB memory card . So out of desperation I bought this 16MB card since Sony apparently ca n't keep retailers stocked with the 8MB cards . The packaging is misleading and the card itself is hard to use and often I have to load it 3 or 4 times before it finally `` takes . '' Once it 's loaded it works great but everytime you have to turn off the console or reset the game you have to go through the process all over again . Furthermore , the instructions included with the 16MB memory are practically useless . I ended up having to go to -LSB- another website -RSB- and download real instructions . Such a hassle . I 'm dying for the time when 8MB memory cards become available again so I can get rid of this piece of trash .
 I just want to say that after reading most of the reviews of this memory card , I have decided to return this piece of junk . I 'm just waiting for it to arrive so I can turn around and send it right back .
 I got one , none of my games would save to it , even after I put in the Memory Manager cd like it said to . All of my games say that there is `` No memory card present '' . This product does n't work and should be pulled from the market by InterAct . I ca n't believe they charge money for this .
 Do n't waste your time or patience ... BOGUS .
 Tried 2 of these units ... neither worked . The PlayStation-2 console did not recognize the supplied CD with the `` Memory Manager '' software . The GameShark web sitewas no help at all .
 What everyone is saying about this piece of trash -LRB- memory card -RRB- is TRUE ! It absolutely DID NOT WORK for me and my friend at all . I bought it for my friends PS2 and after hearing about it destroying other peoples systems , I thank God I lucked out and did n't destroy his . AVOID AT ALL COSTS !! Enough said !
 I have read numerous things about how it doesnt work and does work . I 've tried loading the dic and whatever else it sais and mine does not work so you can see my opinion . Atleast 5 of my friends also purcased this memory card and all can not get theres to work either . The only reason i may suggest you prhase this is because it comes with a disc that has loads of options :1 . -RRB- Zip -LRB- crush -RRB- files on a regular 8MB or any other memory card2 . -RRB- Unzip -LRB- Un-Crush -RRB- files3 . -RRB- Transfer data t another memor card4 . -RRB- Copy the dataI find # 4 very handy incase one of your friends wants your gae saved . Maybe if they cant get past one thing or something . I really should have givin it a 2 Star rating for the reat dic it comes with , but it really makes me mad i cant get the card to work .
 Do not ever buy this product.It is one of the worst things I have ever bought.I just got it about two weeks ago and it already stopped working!The PS2 just totally stopped recognizing that there was a memory card in the slot.It is a total waste of time and money.Take me seriously.Do not buy it.Be smart and go with the other card that is licenced by Sony.If you buy this product you are making a huge mistake.Also you have to load your games with a disc every time you play a different game.It gets really annoying because it also takes a while to load.I 'll say it for the last time.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ! P.S. I 'm really older than 12 I just could n't figure out how to make a review so I just did the kids one .
 This product is just a piece of junk and i just lost -LSB- money -RSB- . DO NOT BUY IT if you want really to enjoy the game and not to play with this stupid device instead.The game I loaded did not work properly with card installed inthe system MOST LIKELY BECAUSE THIS PRODUCT IS NOT APPROVED BY SONY.So think TWICE before putting your money in somebody 's else pocket .
 It gave my PS2 a virus and it deleted all of my data on my other memory card . Do n't get this , it 'll result in disaster
 DO NOT BUY THIS !!! SAVE YOUR MONEY !!! I 'm sure you have other things to buy . Sure , this has instructions , but can you figure them out ? Nope . I was waiting so long to buy a PS2 . Got one ! I put in the card , and I put in my game ... All went well until I had to save ... No memory card ? Oh no , big mistake . Now I 'm driven mad trying to figure it out ! Not working at all ... AHH !!! I would n't have given this a star at all , but there was no blank stars ...
 ... if I could give it a minus score I would , it 's just not possible . This is a perfect example of a HORRIBLE idea materializing with enough start-up monetary support , and absolutely NO understanding of proper user interface design . In plain language this thing is the worst piece of -LSB- junk -RSB- I ever wasted my money on . The only reason I bought it is the shiny glowing 16mb size , and when I suspected it 's too good to be true for the price , turned out to be completely true . After coming back to my senses , went out and got Sony 's 8mb official card , works as supposed to .
 This memory card , unlike its PS 1 counterpart , gets two thumbs down . My reason for giving it such a low rating is not because of the annoying feature of having to insert the `` Mega Memory Manager '' disc every single time you turn the console on/off or reset it but is because it is totally incompatible with certain games . I know at least one game -LRB- Final Fantasy X -RRB- that does _ not _ support this card , although the console itself does recognize it . In summary , if you want to be assured that your card works with _ every _ PS 2 game , I would recommend getting the Sony one . If , however , you like to be surprised when it comes to finding out whether your card will work on a certain game , be my guest and buy this one .
 Yes , it dose hold 16MB of memory and is about the same price as an 8MB memeory card . But there is a very big down side to this product . Most of the games do not regester the memory card so you ca n't save them . Another down side is that you must download the Memory Card software to your system each time you restart or turn off your system .
 Do not buy this item . I used this product and it screwed my system up completely . I called Sony about the problem thinking it was the system and I told them I had purchased this memory card and Sony told me that this product has not been tested by Sony and that any product that is sold for the PS2 and is not a Sony product that we should be aware that they have not been tested by Sony and could screw up the system . BUY SONY PRODUCTS FOR YOUR PS2 , it 's safer .
 This card is really bad because some of my games cant use it like gta2 and you have to load it whenver you want to use itdont buy it . The extra money for the 8 MB is worth it
 This is the worst memory card that i have ever owned for playstation 2 . This memory card is a piece of junk , if you think that you can just put it in the memory card slot and save the game you are very wrong . In order to be able to save the game you need to load the memory card in with a special disk which takes around five minutes . If you are looking to buy a good memory card , you should think of buying one that is made by playstation 2 or buy one that has the playstation logo of approval on it .
 dont buy this it takes like 20 minutes to load and it stinks
 First , I hate having to load the software any time you run a game.Second , when you get up to 99 or so save , it takes an eternity for the software or a game to read the card.Third , I ca n't prove this for a fact , but it 's my opinion as a programmer that the memory management software uses enough of the Playstations memory that it slows the game down . I had Grandia II slow down considerably and even lock-up . Please , if anyone else does or does n't have this problem post it here .
 I got this card because i was low on money , and i figured that for one memory card that is worth the same as Sonys card , but holds twice as much , it was a good deal . Plus the part about crushing files seemed like it would be awesome . Well i was dead wrong . When i got it i first had to go through a lot of really complicated directions , and of course it took me forever . I then had to go online and see why for some stupid reason my card was freezing my games . It said there might be something wrong with it , so i went and returned it to the store . I got a new one , and guess what ? It was broken . This time the games would say that it did n't recognize the card , and it would n't save . So i got another new one . This time i thought i had it . It worked fine , and i had only spent 10 hours getting it to work ! What a deal . I then found out theres a downside to the upside . Those load times . Every single time i switched the games i had to put in the disc , load , and then play the games -LRB- finally -RRB- . 3 days later . Can you guess what happens ? Of course , it stops working . I got really pissed , and turned it in for my money back . By now the store knew me well , and they stoped ordering the card . I got my money back , and bought a Sony card that works perfectly for me , and hasnt broken yet . So people , please go for quality , not quantity , because you will save yourself a lot of time . And please read this because it took me along time . And do n't listne to those 5 star ratings , because they are morons who dont know what real playing is , and do n't care how much time they waist as long as they save money .
 Do n't waste your time and money . Seems like a good deal ; double the memory for only ... more than the price of a Sony memory card . Trust me , you will get tired of loading the memory card CD prior to playing your favorite Playstation games . This product sealed its fate with me , however , when it stopped functioning after only owning it for a month ... the memory card lost its formatting and for unexplainable reasons can no longer be formatted . The accompanying CD is now the most expensive and smallest frisbee in my collection .
 if you like to put a cd in the ps2 then your game , go ahead and buy it . medal of honor does n't even recognize the card . the options in their software is extremely useless . so if you are going to buy accessories for the ps2 stick with sony 's . its worth the money to buy 2 memory cards from sony than to buy this piece of junk .
 BOY I SURE WISH I HAD FOUND THESE REVIEWS BEFORE I BOUGHT THIS AT a -LSB- local store -RSB- . I AM NOW THE PROUD OWNER OF THE MOST EXPENSIVE COFFEE CASTER I 'VE EVER SEEN.I COULD N'T FIND A REGULAR PS2 MEMORY CARD ANYWHERE , THEN I SAW THIS OFFERED FREE WHEN YOU BUY A CONTROLLER-IT WAS A PACKAGED DEAL.OF COURSE I DID N'T NEED A NEW CONTROLLER , BUT I HAD TO BUY ONE TO GET THE OTHER.SCAM DEAL!I NOW HAVE A CONTROLLER GATHERING DUST AND I AM USING THE DISK AS A CASTER FOR MY COFFEE.WARNING !!! DO NOT BUY , UNLESS YUO WOULD LIKE A UNIQUE CASTER ...
 This memory card lacks . you have to load this little disc every time you want to save . i was intimidated by the 16 meg capacity but it wasnt worth it . i would not buy this product .
 Dont waste your money on this memory card , I couldnt get it to load any of the games we saved on it , and YES I did follow the directions , and did every thing right.We ended up buying a different memory card.I wish I had read the reviews on it BEFORE I bought It !
 This Memory Card is the worst , because every time you want to play a PS2 game , you have to load the disc in EVERY TIME!Every time I crushed a file , I could never delete the normal file ! I got far on Final Fantasy X , and MGS2 , then it froze , saying I didnt insert a PS2 disc , plus the disc cracked , since you dont get a case with it . I totally prefer the Sony Memory Card . Dont waste -LSB- your money on this junk -RSB- .
 I have bought this and i wanted to figure out what this crush uncruch thing was so i did it . As a result to it u get corruted files and it does not work know please dont waste your money on this dont do it .
 I bought this game for my 4 year old son and he played this game maybe 2 times and now the game wont work at all .
 This is a great game but the xbox controller is killing it you have to do tricks with the x and y button which is very hard and if you read a review at gamepro.COM stated When all three versions of Street go head-to-head , the PS2 game is the surprising winner-even in the graphics department.So i would give it a rent before buying or if you have a ps2 get it for the ps2 you wo n't regret it.Dont get me wrong i love my xbox but i could barly pull of moves and tricks.So the next thing i did was return the game back to gamestop and picked up the ps2 version.The ps2 's 4 shoulder buttons is smooth and perfect for a game like this and ssx.AND YES I Was using the controller s for the xbox.So i would not recommend buying this i would give it a rent.TRUST ME , IF NOT GO AND BUY IT AND YOU WILL SEE WHAT I 'M TALKING ABOUT .
 Hey really , how many basketball , football and baseball games are we going to have in the X-box format ? If you have n't found one you like yet , try getting a REAL basketball and head down to the court for awhile . The electronic game industry really should get back to being innovative and lets explore some new venues . This stuff is really stale and I 'm hard pressed to imagine who even buys it .
 ... If you want to make your kid cry this is a good way :1 . Confusing and counterintuitive interface2 . Difficult steering of the car3 . Cheating opponents enhance educational value4 . Impossible to win races5 . Your characters steals some car parts to make the game even more educationalIronically enough the developer company is called `` Attention to Detail '' Attention to what ???????????
 Almost every night , I sit here and wonder why we have so many video games in the world . What makes this game even worse is the fact that it really wants to be a Mario Kart game . We already have Mario Kart , so this game is pointless.This game continues to get worse the more I play it . Good luck trying to control your vehicle . I was never able to do that . I kept crashing and would n't be able to win any of the races . I really want you to avoid this game .
 IF YOU ARE AKID LIKE ME AND HATE VIOLIONCE DO NOT BUY THIS GAME .
 the day i got the game i played it for a hr and it ` s my fav game dont get me wrong but when i left to go to work and come home to play it the game would not work in my ps2 i tried cleaning the game multiple times i even took my ps2 apart to clean out any dust or anything and once i put the game back it it still wouldnt work im very highly upset with the product and i want my money back this is my favorite game and i feel like since i spent money on it it should work so i been having the game for almost a month now trying to get it to work and it still wouldnt work
 Some people believe it was a mod that added content to the GTA : SA . but the mod wasnt a mod at all but unlocked content that was already in the game . Without the mod however there was no way to get the hidden scene . On the console version you have to use a gameshark or similar device .
 I am truly disappointed with this version . Even though reviews indicated the dictionary is not up to date , I thought it would still be worthwhile to play it . It is frustrating to say the least . The dictionary is `` dumb '' . It does n't recognize the simplest of words and recognizes words that you would never believe were words . I would not recommend this to anyone . Most frustrating of all is that it ends the game when you still have letters to make words on the board . Someone really should come out with a new version with the modern dictionary included . That would be a huge seller !
 I bought this game because I was sick of the commercials on Pogo , but this version of Scrabble is almost as frustrating as those commercials . I have now played over 100 games at the `` Smart '' level and it seems that rather than the computer getting more skilled at the higher level , I have been getting more difficult tiles to work with , such as trays full of only vowels or only consonants over and over again , z 's , q 's and j 's at the very end of the game , and never the right combinations to make seven-letter words . In addition , replacing the tiles in the tray does n't help because the same tiles seem to reappear much too frequently . If you love Scrabble as much as I do , get another version .
 I needed to disable my Avast Virus protection to get this to workThat does not seem right BUT THAT IS WHAT I Had to doI will not go through the trouble of sending back the discI will NOT buy from you again
 Played the tutorial , and then it crashed . Patched it with a fix , was able to play first chapter , and then it crashed . Threw it out the window , it cracked , and that was the most satisfying .
 First let me explain why I do n't want you to buy this game . Day of Defeat is a wonderful gaming experience . The levels are well done and promote teamwork . Its a historically accurate , and fun game . However , it is a MOD for half-life . That means , if you own half life , you can download this game FOR FREE . You can buy Half-Life for 20 bucks , and get this game as well . Sure , it 's nice to have a printed manual and box , but the retail version of this game is abhorrent . You will get disconnected for no reason , and I found myself unable to play Counter-Strike -LRB- another great mod for half life -RRB- at all . Terrible!The answer is simple . If you want this game -LRB- which I would highly recommend at 5 stars -RRB- , buy half-life and download it for free . you will also get the awesome half life single player game.and to those who say that the game is dated
 This new version of DoD is just like Counter-Strike , except it takes place in WWII europe . It 's disgusting how similar it is to Counter-Strike . While some people do enjoy this game over the older version , most CS or DoD fans hate v1 .0 because of its very unoriginal nature . As far as upgrades go , this version has added a very childlike interface , a dynamic crosshair that fails to reflect the time period that the game takes place in , and finally some new maps that seem more like CS maps than ever before . Sure , they added a few new textures , but the layout of the maps is still cramped to force the player to use strategies that would be used in the present day world of submachine guns and body armor , not those of old time WWII.If you want a WWII first person shooter , then go for Battlefield
 While I admit the gameplay is fun , it is far from the best . The graphics are lacking , the realism is scarce and it screams for an update . I would definatley not rate this game among the best WWII games ever made ...
 Graphics are good , but over all , I enjoy Battlefield far better than this when it comes to WWII game . Unlike Battlefield , all you do is just shoot guns and shoot guns and shoot guns . That 's it . There is n't much of tactics other than just get flags . No airplanes , tanks , ships , nothing . In Battlefield , you can ride so many different type of vehicles , anti-aircraft guns , stationally guns , get on different types of airplans , ships . . so much more than just shooting guns . Medal of Honor is similar to this , but again , Medal of Honor is far better . Medal of Honor has missions to complete . All you do on this game is just shoot each other and get flags ... that 's it . You can just keep running until you find somebody who does not have name tag showing up as `` friendly '' . When you throw a grenade , you can see on map , so not much of tactics for that.If you enjoy just shooting guns w/o much of tactics , this is the one for you . If you want more challenge , get some other games
 Day of Defeat is basically counter-strike with an attempted WWII setting . It does not , nor will it ever feel like Saving Private Ryan , and whoever told you that this was an epic WWII game needs to get their head examined . While not a bad idea in itself , the game fails to convey the meaning of war . It is simply a pretty display of new textures and skins , and a lame attempt at character classes a la Return to Castle Wolfenstein . In the end , it is a mediocre spinoff that screams counter-strike . The levels feel cramped and it feels like you 're playing laser-tag in a room rather than fighting a war out on the fields of battle . There are few maps and even fewer players actually playing the game . The Omaha level is a nice try -LRB- for the millionth time -RRB- , but still no cigar . Consult Medal of Honor or Battlefield 1942 on how to get this level right . The game is multiplayer ONLY and requires a somewhat fast connection -LRB- cable is preferred -RRB- . As far as system specifications go , it 's the outdated half-life engine with new textures and you should be able to run it with the old system that 's collecting dust in the attic . Purchase at your own risk or download for free if you have half-life or retail version of counter-strike . But if you really must have a WWII game with freedom of movement , so you do n't feel like a rat in a maze ... skip this title and get Battlefield 1942 instead .
 I thought this game would be fun I was rong.This game dos not beat MOHAA at all it is stupid!The kills stink they die the same way lotes of times if you are luckey you yill see a new one.But wast your money if you want to dont say I dident warn you .
 I HAVE NEVER PURCAHSED A GAME THAT WAS LIMITED TO ON-LINE GAME PLAY . THIS REALLY HITS A LOW . SURE , I REALIZE THAT MANY PEOPLE HAVE THE CAPABILITY TO PLAY THESE GAMES BUT I AM NOT ONE OF THEM . WHY EVEN MAKE A GAME LIMITED TO MULTIPLAYER?ATTENTION BUYERS
 The game is like at least 7 years old and not worth 35 $ there are better games out there.the graphics are like cardboard-cut-outs especially the vehicles , tanks , trucks , buildings ================================================================ if you do buy the game ... read on ... Mods on the server named `` Pucker Factor '' on US east coast filter have banned me just because they dont like the way i play.then they lied and say i TK in spawn with grease gun , which i dont ever use because it shoots slow.and for lying i want to get them back with all of your help . I want people to go on there server and team kill relentlessly to * iss them offit is on US East filter named `` Pucker Factor ''
 After waiting for the game to become available , I find it to be a big disapointment . The game lacks the availability for beginner players to become proficient , especially since the controller mannipulation almost requires three hands -LRB- very cumbersome , and I 'm a real pilot -RRB- . When the action starts , it requires one to -LRB- as I have stated -RRB- be a pro at flying your aircraft or you 're done for . There is a training phase at the beginning of the game , but this is done using a biplane . I could also never get the camera to work properly , so I contacted Ubisoft about my difficulties . They blew me off , suggesting I visit other sites explaining any hints with the camera . Unless you want to deal with utter frustration , and arthritis down the road , leave this game alone ! I 'll be selling mine on Ebay ...
 What a colossal waste of time ! Blazing Angels is to video games what the WNBA is to spectator sports - second-rate and totally unnecessary.Ubisoft completely and utterly missed the mark with this aerial abomination . Unlike Ubi 's Crimson Skies , this game is an unmitigated disaster - the Hindenburg of X-Box flight sims.Angels is nowhere near the same calibre as flight action games such as Heroes of the Pacific and Crimson or even Secret Weapons over Normandy.The game play is beyond tedious . After just a few minutes of play time , I not only wanted to shoot down every enemy plane , I wanted to flame every one of my annoying wingmen . The endless and sophomoric radio chatter was enough to make me go kamikaze several times out of sheer frustration . Sure , you can mute the dialogue with the controller , but you should n't have to resort to that.The visuals are not even close to the jaw-dropping eye candy of Heroes . You ca n't even tell you 're shooting at aircraft until you are right up on them . They appear as small red markers . There is no radar , no compass , no altimeter , no speed indicator , no ordinance indicator - Basically , you have no information except that all bandits are red and all allies are green . Yippie . Thanks Ubi.Unlike Heroes , you have only two options when it comes to the player 's aircraft viewpoint - third person shooter behind the aircraft view and target lock view . There is no cockpit view option.Worst of all , there are absolutely ZERO options when it comes to your choice of aircraft or your aircraft 's armament . That decision is predetermined by the game for each mission . That is extremely annoying.The control layout is confusing and after several hours of game play , I found myself wanted to launch the handset through my television . I can fix my plane while it 's flying if I hit the correct combination of buttons !? You have got to be freakin ' kidding me.Thank GOD this was only a rental . Now , if I could only get those three hours of my life back .
 This game is a complete and total waste . It has lead to my decision to never again even look at another game by ubisoft . I thought Pacific Fighters was pitiful , but this is rediculous . The game is going in the circular file .
 first to fight is somewhat frustrating with poor controls and quiet boring from the get go , i have removed it twice after playing for a half hour , and starship troopers would n't even play on windows 7 which is odd since ftf did , i could n't recommend this at any price i believ i paid 8-9 buck and felt copletly robbed on this one
 I bought this product about 3 months ago looking for impressive ways to persue the never ending quest to be the badded mofo of FPS shooters . Turns out that this thing is a hunk of junk ! It 's really hard to get it the glove movement to coorespond with the game or mouse in windows , it is n't comfortable for people with big hands like myself , and it is difficult to use in any type of light . Like the previous person that wrote a review , my p5 glove has been sitting on the shelf in my closet . I played around with it for 2 weeks to get it to work the way they advertised it . It just is n't worth the money ! Buy a Nostromo N50 instead !
 I 'm almost posative the guy who wrote the first reveiw for this works for the company , there is no way this peice of rubbish can be compared to the miraculous peice of equipment in the first review.Its very uncomfortable to wear and you ca n't adjust it for size at all , it struggles to work in almost all light conditions , in FPS its horribly jumpy and slow to respond to your movments and shots .
 I first saw this item advertised on late night paid programming . It looked as if it would take all the games I play to another dimension . I was wrong ... It works exactly like it says , but I did n't take into consideration the IR receptor has to be if front of you monitor to get your hand motions correct . Oh yeah , did I mention the huge IR receptor ? You might find it entertaining to use it in a flight sim , but this device is overally complicated when it comes to shooters . Does n't work well with windows 7 , or most any modern game available . I love the feel of it on your hand ... it makes you look like a serious gamer . However , after a few minutes of holding you had up ... you realize the importance of a laser mouse and keyboard . I 'm gon na wait till they make digital contacts you can control the mouse pointer with before I invest in anymore virtual reality hardware .
 I DO N'T LIKE RPG 'S BUT AS ALWAYS LUCAS ARTS MAKES IT BEAUTIFUL
 I must say , this game is pretty fun . However , there are lots of little things that have decreased the enjoyability of my experience , this game definitely lacks polish.The most critical thing for me here is the lack of stability . During the beginning of the game , it is very stable and fully playable ; but the further I progressed , the more and more it crashed on me . It is very frustrating to lose the results of a 20 minute battle -LRB- assuming that you save between every battle -RRB- simply because the code just is n't robust.There are plenty of other pet peeves that I have with the game , but they are relatively small , and numerous . This game is good , and I probably would 've given it 4 stars if the stability was n't so poor . Keep in mind , this is for the PS2 version , I do not know about XBox or Gamecube versions .
 let me start off saying that this was an impulse buy . on the back , it had a rating of 9/10 from game informer , and it was made by lucasarts , a company i trust , so i thought , `` okay i 'll get it . '' big mistake . I played it as soon as i got home , expecting a fighting game where you could actually control how the character fights and moves . but instead it 's a game where the characters move in an almost chess-like manner . and the dialogue is very very slow . luckily , i also bought LOTR The third age , where you can at least go through the game without menu-surfing 24/7 .
 Where do I even begin to explain how terrible this game is . First I 'll start with the dialogue . I do n't think they could have put less effort into it . What makes it worse is that they talk about 85 % of the game just jabbering away in a monotone voices . I thought that I was gon na be running around killing guys in a wrestling game kind of way but with swords . Boy was I surprised , you make moves as if you are playing chess or something . You 're character is stronger than everyone else so you just exchange blows with your enemy until he is dead and the only thing that plays as a variable is boxes , whoever is higher hits harder . I tried to get a little into the game before I made a judgement on it , but that did n't change my mind at all . If I have n't changed your mind yet , rent it from blockbuster they have it there . I do not doubt that you will be greatly disapointed with this terrible video game .
 My copy of this game worked OK after some initial bugginess , so I do not share the same concerns expressed by the earlier review.I guess my concern is that even the fully-functional version is not highly playable . Once you run through the play scenarios , which honestly does not take all that long , you end up in `` sandbox '' mode , which is highly repetitive and does not contain many variations.On the plus side , the animations and graphics are fun , and the diseases and equipment are witty , too.Keep your money in your pocket - at least until the developers come up with something much more variegated and playable than this is .
 do n't be fooled like everyone else was when this game came out , first the company has stated that they will not provide a patch to fix the many problems that this software has , and it does have a lot , second the game is not as advertised there are only 4 hospitals and the only difference between them is the color , you can hire about 60 doctors and nurses but it does you no good when you only have 9 patience to treat at a time , not all of the diseases are available -LRB- but the staff to treat them are -RRB- the story mode is pointless , you can start a game set everything up and then leave and come back 2 hours later and nothing really has happen no staff complaining about anything no patience walking out , you ca n't make any staff do anything except the janitors you can tell them to clean up , but if there are 9 people waiting to see a dr , and your 60 doctors feel that they need to talk to the 30 nurses that you have you ca n't force them to see the patients and that happens a lot , after about the four day all the staff kinda stop workingdo n't just take my word for it go to the codemasters website and see how mad other people are for getting this game and all of the problems it has
 th e game sucks really bad it dont work i wish i could just return it and get another game or something
 This game is riddled with bugs , I kept having to start a level over because something would get stuck . Even with all that , I beat it the day after I got it . Very easy once you figure it out . Overall I liked it , but it was too easy to beat and too buggy .
 This game was very boring because there was hardly any challenge at all and there 's not much to do . Get Theme Hospital instead . The promotional materials make a big deal about how the doctors have different personalities but this does n't seem to affect game play in any way .
 I purchased this game hoping it would be better than Theme Hospital , which is what I grew up with ; but I was fooled . Hospital Tycoon is awful . The plot is unexciting , the number of patients that visit the hospital is next to nothing , and there is little room for freedom and adapting to different hospital-community demands . The cheat codes must be paid for online in order to receive them , which is even lamer . This game is absolutely horrible . Do no buy it ! Do not be misled by its praise .
 I played this game in storymode for a day or two . Here are my main points of criticism : * There is an aerial view , but you ca n't use it to place new rooms . * Staff is hard to direct ; you ca n't just pick them up and place them where they 're needed . * The music is unimaginative and the assistant 's Sims-like jabbering very annoying . * You ca n't speed up a patient 's progress through the hospital by moving them up in the queue . * The cutscenes are too long and have little to do with what you 're trying to accomplish . * You have no influence on how funds are spent.All in all the game is rather unchallenging -LRB- at least in storymode -RRB- . You do n't really have to manage the hospital . Once you have built the required rooms and staffed it , it basically runs itself -LRB- although that might be different in other game modes -RRB- . Although it is much older , Theme Hospital is much more fun to play . I wish they 'd come out with an updated version !
 I bought this game after weeks of wanting it so badly . I love tycoon games like this . School Tycoon , Rollercoaster Tycoon , Zoo Tycoon , etc. . And this idea really appealed to me . But after getting it home and trying for an hour to get it to load up I became frustrated and gave up . It would load up Storybox mode halfway and then completely close down and say there was an error with my memory . I even had to clear up some disk space to supposedly get this running but no such luck . This requires 619 MB -LRB- I believe ... -RRB- and would n't run but I later installed The Sims which requires somewhere in the thousands MB and it works great . Do n't buy this game ! It 's a POS !
 dont get ... you will have issues with installing this game . I have a new and updated pc and ca n't get the game to work . And come to find out many other buyers have the same issue .
 None of the reviews mention it , the product specifications do n't mention it , and the picture of the jewel case is too small to see it ... but this game is meant for `` PC-DVD '' play , which I did n't find out until I received the package and saw the label clearly in the lower left corner . Not all of us have DVD-ROM drives ! My computer could n't even read the disk ! I 'm always careful to read the specifications before I purchase a computer program ; if I 'd realized my computer did n't fit the bill I would n't have bought the game .
 The microphone broke after a week . Their tech support is horrible and have n't answered any of my e-mails . I recommend the plantronics dsp-500 .
 The headset worked fine for about 45 days then the microphone failed completely . The company does not even list this as a current product even though it is still being sold in a number of places . Website is terrible . They do not answer e-mail . You have to jump through a number of hoops and sit on hold forever just to get to someome who will let you send this back to them at your expense . Labtec will never see my money again !
 My set has static constantly in the background . The microphone sounds nice when I record , but fails to function when I use Teamspeak2 , the reason I bought it . I 'm using Windows XP and my buttons do little but operate the LED 's . If I had read some reviews I would have steered clear . The idea was good but Labtec did not follow through .
 I tried it with Win/2000 and Win/98 and it recorded static or noise . Labtec support does not answer my emails .
 worked great for about 2 months then the sound got all distorted making it worthless . Do not buy , it is a waste of your money
 I bought this game because at the time there were no new games for the xbox at the time that i thought were worth spending 50 bucks on . Dark Watch had so much hype online , in magazines and in stores that i thought id get it , bad mistake . The game is fun for 20 minutes then it becomes clear that each level will be the same as the last and this will continue to happen . It is so repetitive that the game could be playing the previous level with a new name and i would have believed it . Each level involves shooting a skelton , zombie or banshee in the head with a very small amount of guns , fun at first then a pisser after . It starts off as a small challenge , but once you get hang of the controls and get good at shooting the enemies in the head -LRB- quickest way to kill them -RRB- it becomes a synch . I beat the game in 3 hours , no joke . Then i looked around the options to see if there is anything else to do , there was none . Pissed off that i had just spent 50 bucks on this games i put it in the case and havnt touched it since.Pros
 yes the wild west is always a refreshing change in the first person shooter genre . BUT if you 're looking for a game with this descpition GO RENT GUN ... it 's alot better and you wo n't want to kick your self every time you turn it on .
 I bought this game used a couple months ago , expecting a great thing of beauty as everyone said it was . I was very disappointed.The presentation itself leaves much to be desired . I 'll admit that the graphics are pretty much top-notch -LRB- aside from the fact that you can see pixelated color squares on the Gunslingers when you 're right in front of them -RRB- , but the colors could use a bit more variety . It 's nothing but black , grey , and brown throughout the whole game , with the exception of one stage that throws some white at you . In the beginning of the game , you ca n't go through two minutes of gameplay without being interrupted by a simple cutscene that basically tells you what to do . This would be fine , except they 're boring and drab . There a thousand ways I can think of that could have made them interesting . But they 're not . And three quarters of the time , they 're completely useless and just serve to split the action into frustratingly small chunks.Enemy A.I. is pretty nice . Each type of enemy has a specifically written A.I. program . Reapers hurl themselves at you with scythes whipping , Gunslingers take cover and try to overwhelm you with fire from different directions , and Oozers waddle at you spitting acid . There are occasional hiccups though , like when Riflemen just stand there and look at you until you blow their head off . The physics are also spot-on -LRB- I believe it 's the same Havok engine that Half-Life 2 ran on -RRB- , and dismembered body parts go flying everywhere when the action heats up.But the levels are incredibly linear . Almost impossibly , actually . They never really deviate from the ` follow path , blow up bad guys , follow path , enter large open area , blow up lots bad guys until a new path magically opens ' formula . Occasionally they 'll throw you a curve ball , like with the Coyote mission that has you driving a sweet gattling gun-mounted car thing , but that segment is short and feels pointless once you 're done with it.The game engine could use an overhaul , too . The character models of your allies are stiff as a board . The only things that move are their legs and arms . It 's not a big deal , no , but it 's a noticeable flaw in what could have been a great game . The riding missions are boring and drab . Basically , you ride through a blue-grey wasteland that has absolutely no features while you mow down Undead Riders -LRB- imaginative name , by the way -RRB- left and right . They 're boring and I found myself not even thinking , just sweeping the area with my pistol.The atmosphere definitely works , though . You 're introduced to a gothic Tim Burton-esque Wild West that seems mysterious and compelling.The story never really flourishes , though . It starts off strong , pretty original , but after that it tries to pull too many twists and never really ties them all together . Halfway through the game , I was suddenly struck by the thought that I had no idea why I was doing what I was doing and what I was supposed to be accomplishing by doing it . Events transpire and you do n't know their point . It supplies the basic events and facts , but does n't delve into their background at all . You 're left to wonder why this person did this or why that group of people was killed ... etc.This is a long review , I know , but it barely scratches the surface . I would suggest renting it . It 's not worth the $ 30 that Amazon currently wants for it .
 Length :
 I finished the game a mere 8 hours after purchasing it . May be more fun online but the storyline part of the game is way to short . And it seems as the higher you get the worse your car 's handling becomes . Blacklist was ten times better and Underground 2 was 5 times better . There are a decent amount of cars and customization but the gameplay is really lost in this one . The idea for Carbon Canyon was good but I find that there are certain aspects of the canyon that are just stupid . If you skip a race and come back to it later they still have the same car and if you are driving a Lamborghini you can not overtake them . And they never crash off the cliff and you can not make them crash . When playing in co op mode half the time in the upper levels my team-mates cost me races by stopping in front of me or by taking short cuts that get me hit by other cars or the short cut slows me down . The game is only 10 % of what it should be .
 This game is n't very fun . All you do is kill people with a sword there is no point plus the graphics are n't very good and the gameplay stinkz DONT SPEND YOUR MONEY ON IT DONT !!!
 Hmm decided to purchase this game for the full price hoping that it would be worthwhilethe gameplay is awful Repetitive springs to mind every battle is the same there is no innovation and you spend the majority of the time using the same commands over and over againthe graphics are rather medicore and lucasarts should of used the gamecubes capabilities in a more better way .
 this game is terrible . since it was from lucasarts i thought is would be third person and you woulde run around and kill everyone . boy was i wrong . its turn based wich is stupid !!!! taking turns killing each other ?!?!?! whoever thought that up should be shot ! the screenshots on the back of the box led me to believe it was a third person hack and slash , the rating says it has blood and gore . very little blood and absolutly no gore . the story line is terrible , apperently there was a big war that just ended so to keep the peace they open up a gladiatore arena . the graphics arent the greates and the gameplay is absolutly terrible . in conclusion this game is a waste of money .
 this game gets real old and slow after a day or two . i want more from a game that what this is .
 Purchasing Gladius , I was under the impression I 'd be getting an RPG based on Ancient Rome , dealing with building a Gladiator school and the likes.First off , despite being called `` Gladius '' and dealing with Gladiators , it was completely ahistorical , with the brilliantly named `` Empire of Imperia '' apparently taking the place of Rome , and some generically `` Naundark '' or whatever named Barbarian kingdom perhaps taking the place of some Germanic tribes.Aside from a ridiculously stupid storyline which takes liberally from every random generic magical fantasy story having to do with constellations of the bear 's womb , the magic of the Gods , enchanted items and broad sweeping remarks by old people about `` prophecies '' and `` destiny '' and all that boring noise , the sentiments of Ursula 's -LRB- one of the main character -RRB- brother mirrors much of the players ' sentiments as well
 I noticed that all of the reviews for this game seemed to be written by sufferers of Down 's syndrome . Reviews like `` i love it period its good period i love it period '' do n't really give you much insight into the game . So allow me to . I simply ca n't grasp how any developer would allow this game to be released . It 's so bad , I do n't know where to start.First off , you will spend about three hours `` training '' . Which is absoloutely hysterical , considering the ENTIRE game revolves around a `` swing meter '' during battle . The meter moves horizontally , and you have to press a button at a certain time . Like Pong !! Basically , the `` fun , interactive '' part of this game is Pong ! You swing your sword , and you hit a button . Another thing is the pace of the game . There is a LOADING screen after every single moment . For ever five minutes you play , the game loads for 30 . There is nothing remotely `` fun '' about the world map . All you do is walk from one thing to another . You might as well have a mouse-pointer . By far the worst thing about this game is the programming . The most blatantly awful example is the memory card/saving interface . First of all , you can only have three saves . Second , all of those saves are combined in one block so if you need to delete one , you ca n't . There is a `` delete '' button in the menu , but I swear to god - It just does not work . I can sit there for hours and hit `` delete save '' and it just wo n't do it . Bad programming.Save yourself time , money , frustation , and bad dreams . Do n't ever play this sorry excuse for an RPG .
 Game crashes all the time . The package recommends 512K RAM , I have 1GB and it still crashes within 3 holes of starting a new round . Buyer beware !!!!
 As a big fan of Tiger Woods PGA Tour 04 , I was looking forward to playing the `` newest '' version of this game . Unfortunately it is so difficult that it takes the fun out of playing . Take my advice ... stick with the 04 version of this game .
 When I bought this , I thought that it would be a good thing to have to help pass the time if I was ever bored . But I soon realized that if I had the time to load it onto my Pocket PC , I could be doing something useful . I 'd recommend getting something you can watch on your regular computer instead .
 While this game may be good on other gaming consoles , I do not recommend it for the GBA for anyone of any age . The total time it takes to play the game is less than 2 hours . There are no side quests , there are no special features , and the story is nothing but a super condensed version of the movie . It 's repetative and a complete let down once you finish the game . Somehow , I really thought I would get more than 2 hours of gameplay for spending $ 30 .
 My boys twin 6 year olds 7 year old and 9 year old do n't like it . The songs suck its not like the movie . Movie was great and the game is I think the worst game I ever bought them .
 This a great game with many great improvements , but only if you get a disc that is not flawed.This is true of my disc and if you search forums on the internet you will find the same thing happening to many others . During certain , and repeateble times in the game , the game stops and you get `` Disc may be dirty or damaged '' error . I experience this when trying to load my 3rd Tiger Challenge and during season mode . Also , when playing St. Andrew 's , when Hole # 2 is trying to load , I get a black screen and am not even able to access my dashboard or shutdown the console via the controller . My disc is completely free of scratches or anyother cosmetic damages.Neither Microsoft nor EA will replace the discs , each laying blame with the other . Many think the blame should go to EA for using discs that arent good quality.So buyer beware , great game but flawed hardware .
 DISLIKES : The graphics on the 360 version are poor in my opinion for the following reasons
 EA has obviously listened to the maddened consumer who screamed for more detail in something other than Tiger Woods face . The problem is they 've overcompensated.Pros-More courses , a driving range , better customization for game face , excellent multi-player modeCons-Obscene ball control , no new golfers worth a damn , an introductory that makes the game unenjoyable for the 1st 20 tournamentsThey goofed . Instead of making a better golf game , they just made it more difficult . I 'd learn to play real golf if I wanted to try this hard.They HAD a chance to shock and put Mickelson in as a playable golfer , besides a name on the leaderboard.They might NOT have made your golfer 's improvement worse than VCR instructions.They COULD have realized a smaller hole legend is just annoying.They MAY have recognized that Tiger Woods is a golf game made to be fun , not homework.If you have ' 06 , take a pass and pray for next year .
 In order to give you the `` experience '' of becoming a better golfer , this game severely handicaps you when you start out . You have to waste hours of your life putting up with random horrible shots because the game does n't want you to be too good too fast.I 've played all of Tiger Woods 2005 and most of 2006 - if you want to play a golf game , play one of those instead . 2007 on the 360 is a waste of time .
 The regular 07 version for classic xbox is the best golf game ever made . This one however , is not the same ! I have no idea why they would alter it so much - really butchered it into a piece of crap . If you want the fun version , get the old one !
 As my son loved the movie , I bought him this game . I never saw him playing ... He told me it is boring . So I started to play . I really thought , that after some time , it gets better . But it is always the same thing . Two different things to do , always and always.One of the worst games I have ever seen !!!!!
 This is a horrible game ... there are only 2 things to do and within an hour , you are done ... Save your money and get a better game ... My daughter bought with her own money and was so disappointed ... very weak !
 First of all , I never saw the movie , and I do n't care to . Infact , I would n't even have played the game except for my little sister got it for her birthday and wanted me to play it with her.The first thing I noticed is the dance part of the game , where you tap the circles at the right moment to make the penguin dance , well . . this is a huge rip off of Elite Beat Agents , how unoriginal can they possibly get ? Elite Beat Agents excels , while Happy Feet is just a joke , and such a bad insult.The other part of the game , basically all you have to do is sled down hill on your belly , avoiding things on the way down , and finally crossing the finish line.So , do yourselves a favor , and stay away from this game , fan of the movie or not .
 My daughter loved the movie Happy Feet and was so excited to get this game but what a huge disappointment it was . Only 2 games on it and neither were very good . Save your money and do n't buy this game !
 I usually play the game before the movie has even come out . I am sorry I bought this Happy Feet game , as it was a total loss . There are only two things to do on the game that you have to repeat over and over for each so called level . It is stupid and whoever programmed it was a moron . I had much higher hopes for the game since it had penguins . I guess it reminded me of Madagascars operation penguin game , which was way cool . Save your hard earned money ! Do n't waste it on Happy Feets game . It was programmed by someone who is obviously all washed up . I am as you can see really pissed about losing the thirty bucks it costed to buy this lame game . My ten year old has the same feeling about this game as well !!! Save your hard earned money !!! I wish I had had internet at the time so I could have read the reviews and saved my money !!!
 I was so excited to attend the move on the first day of its release and just loved it !!!! I then purchased the game and it was a very big dissapointment , so boring that I quit playing the game after several minutes . My expectations of this game was to be more of an adventure type game with penguins.Overall a great let down that I paid my hard earned $ $ for !!!!
 this game is very boring because t only has two games on it and there is nothing to do mabye if they had more games on it would be more fun to play but if you do not play a DS very much like once every other day then mabye you would like it but if you play it every day it would be really boring
 EA once again did not satisfy me with this one . When i first played it i thought that it was way to unrealistic . the way the players dribble and run is just dissapointing . If you want a real soccer game that has everything but bad gameplay get winning eleven , i agree with the dude that said that winning eleven is better > It will not dissapoint you it plays alot smoother and the ball tends to move more naturally . Do your self a favor do not get this game
 Eve thou this game has great graphics . The game 's playability has n't changed that much during the last years . Its more of an arcade version of football.I being a football fan , have only one word for all the Fifa fans out there . `` Winning Eleven '' a.k.a proevolucion soccer .
 I never expected that the game could only be played if you have a broadband and your PS2 is connected to the internet.What a let down for my son when he opened Santa 's gift and could not play his most requested game . The game should have an option to play offline but it simple prevents you from playing until you are conected .
 There are essentially 2 soccer games to choose from every year on PS2
 FIFA 07 is the same thing as older versions , the gameplay is too fast which it make it too unrealistic , can score goals from everywhere , if you do n't know about the konami 's series Winning Eleven or Pro-evolution you should try it , it is the best futbol game ever made .
 I tried the game and it dissapointed me . It is pretty much the same old game , same goals as always . The game has all the liscences , stadiums , chants ... EVERYTHING ... but they missed the most important part wich is
 This game is simply not in the same class as PRO EVOLUTION . I have a Pro-evolution 5 game , years older than this Fifa 07 and it runs rings around this Fifa 07 game . Vision of the game is way too distant , commentary is n't very reactive to what is happening in the game plus boring , handling of players is hopeless , replays and off sides ... what the ??? . It just had me wondering why would anyone REALLY rate this game well accept and unless they worked for the Fifa 07 franchise . THIS GAME IS A WASTE OF MONEY there are much better games out there out . Take the time to look around you 'll be glad you did .
 Every year a new fifa comes out I say to myself , I 'm not gon na spend 30 bucks on a game that changes very little over time , but every year I end up buying it anyway . This time I really mean it , I 'm getting tired of the fifa series ending as a very expensive roster update . Let 's face it , the teams pretty much stay the same with one or two major changes , and maybe change the uniforms a little , so that leaves the game being 5 % new . The only real change to me came back in the day when you finally were able to jump with the wall on free kicks , after that no big changes at all . I suggest you stay away from wasting money and just spend a day updating the rosters manually . I gave it 2 stars just because I love soccer also because the graphics , gameplay , and overall presentation are ok .
 This game totally sucks , the only reason I bought it was because it was super cheap . Do n't waste any of your time or money on this complete piece of garbage .
 Can not use this game on my mac . Tells me there 's an error in the library , I tried different solutions without success . I felt like a child with the broken toy . Depressed ... My fault ? Game fault ? Mac fault ? I gave up for a bit but I need to get back on it .
 I would not buy this again . The cursor does not appear and there is no tech support to solve this problem . It is therefore not playable on my macbook Pro . Save your money , buy something else .
 If you own a MAC computer do not order this game ! While the game appeared to install ok , j when I try to play it , it does not recognize a mouse . I have e-mailed the developer , but never received a response from them . I feel as though I have been burned . I have played this game on a PC with no problems .
 The game did not work on my computer , and I sent message to seller , but never received info on returning product - so I am out $ $ $ . I do not recommend this seller .
 This video game is o.k. , but it hase n't changed much!Like the some of the same cars , some of the same customization , some of the same street race action and some of the same police action!I would n't recommend this video game !
 NFS has n't changed at all . Even this game . The only changes to this game is a few new cars , and a new city.But still , I do n't like the new version of NFS .
 Please do NOT waste your time on this game . I have long believed that EA is all about the mighty dollar , and this game is the pinnacle of this thinking . I played it for about 3 days to give it a chance -LRB- and finish the game -RRB- . It was placed on eBay soon after . I went back and played Need for Speed-Most Wanted again . That game was head and shoulders above this game . Please save your money and get something else . This game is horrible !!
 Ah ! Need For Speed in all its glory . Spend 3 minutes racing , spend 3 hours running from the police . At first glance it appears to be another gasp for air while the NFS series drowns in its sea of failure . However its much much more!Finally ! The art of ricing out cars is no longer limited to Honda 's and Toyota 's ! No sir , now you get to deface once proud muscle cars with parking bench sized wings . Owning a 2001 Camaro SS myself , I was excited about seeing muscle cars in the game . However , they seemed to put no thought into what cars to add . Some of the cars , yes , were the best year to add . However , others , such as the 1969 Roadrunner were a bad choice . When people think of the Roadrunner , the one that comes to mind is the 1970 , just like the 1969 model comes to mind when one thinks of a Charger . I wish EA did more research into what people like.However , the flaws do n't stop there . The accessories for these cars are a real issue . They do n't have a sleek feel that muscle enthusiasts enjoy . They all have a riceboy feel to them , which is exactly what we do n't like.Now , for my REAL issue with this game
 I have n't been able to run this game and I 've tried on 3 different consoles .
 the seller shipped my video game dirty and scratched . Is awful this service , is very irresponsible and is bad quality .
 it was an ok game but the cars go way to slow and the cops are to fast and the crashes all look the same a door falls off or the hood and it has bad graphics .
 i got the game scratched and it did n't work at all . i was mad and will never buy another game online again . Thanks a lot .
 I 've been playing this game since it came out about 11/2 months ago . Already had 3 patches in less than 2 months and the game still takes 15 minutes to load up . It crashes constantly - both due to servers and the game itself . EA has released a buggy , bad product in that it just does n't work right and consistently . Cheaters are rampant now . Every game that I can play has roughly 25 % of the players cheating . EA just ca n't stop the cheats
 And fails , horribly . I have read other reviews and all of them talk about '' spyware '' but I have n't seen any of it , so I am reviewing this game soley on content.First of all , the games single player story is go here , kill , kill , kill , hoorah we won -LRB- or lost -RRB- . so its repetitive to say the least . The graphics are ... well ... graphics . They look great on the cover , but in the game it looks like the graphics were meant for the ps1 , not the pc , capable of great graphics -LRB- elder scrolls 4 for example -RRB- . The load times are average but the game is glitchy and shooting an explosive barrel can slow the game to a crawl . My worst complaint is the fact that soldiers do n't have gernades and that the weapons are unimaginative . The most advanced weapon they have is the machine gun so you get the point.Almost any game has people in thier basemnent playing online for hours at a time in days , maybe weeks , but battlefield has none of that . I waited for 20 minutes to find a server i could join but no . nothing whatsoever . If you get this game expecting a great online fanbase , you will be horribly disappointed . So if you are going to buy this game because you 're a bf freak , wait until its twenty dollars or less , because this game has all the makings of a , well , very bad game .
 So we preordered this game and installed it along with all the patches . I have a fast computer with lots of video memory and it still runs slow . Takes a long time to load the initial game . Controls are very slow as are the graphics . Check the system requirements carefully and do n't expect to find good support from the company -LRB- EA -RRB- . Read people 's reviews ... . not just the good ones but the bad reviews to get the real story .
 I 've been buying EA software since Pinball Construction Set and Archon came out in the early 80s . They have always been paranoid about copy protection and they never realized that no matter how much they protect a game , it WILL be cracked eventually . Now , they have truly crossed the line with this whole Adware/Spyware thing . I will NOT , under any circumstance , pay 50 bucks for a game and then intentionally allow that game to install this crap on my system . NEVER , EVER gon na happen , I do n't care how good the damn game is -LRB- in this case , this should have been a free download for BF2 , as it 's just a huge mod . -RRB- It is time for consumers to take a stand and tell EA -LRB- and any other company brazen enough to try something this stupid -RRB- that this is NOT ok and that they can also take their product and shove it where the sun do n't shine . It 's bad enough that I already have Steam on my system and that program chooses to download updates whenever it likes , irregardless of whether I want it to or not . This trend of stupid 50 dollar games trying to take over your whole system has GOT TO STOP , NOW ! I , for one , will NOT be coming along on this ride .
 I came to Amazon to buy the game but after reading the reviews decided not to spend the money . I will NOT purchase a game with ads and possible Spyware .
 was going to buy it until i heard it was linked with adware . a game with adware should be much cheaper or FREE !!
 I 've been a long time player of various EA games and was looking forward to BF 2142 , but with all the tricks EA is pulling on this one , I 've decided not to purchase this title or any other title that makes use of the spyware tactics EA is imploying in this game . When a game has to include a FULL page `` warning '' about how it is collecting data on you , you know that a company has gone too far . Thanks for all the past great games EA , but you are now known in my books as `` Easily Avoidable '' . Why a consumer would pay for a game and then still have to view ads in the game is beyond me and shows that EA does n't care at all about the end user/gamer ... only about themselves . DO NOT BUY .
 I came to Amazon to buy the game but after reading the reviews decided not to spend the money . I will NOT purchase a game with ads and possible Spyware . I am now very wary of EA games and think I will pass on their future offerings as well .
 I am truely a fan of the BattleField series . I have played hours of BF1942 , BF
 This is a mod , not a new game . Same engine with a few modifications does not make a new game . EA is just beating a dead horse trying to pull as much money as possible out of the original coding work . Oh , and there 's advertising in the game . Also , there might be some spyware involved.Clearly the target market for this game is the overly gullible . Unfortunately this seems to be a large market .
 1 . EA still refuses to enable Widescreen support for its non-sport , non-console titles despite Widescreen monitors becoming more and more mainstream . Nasty hacks/workarounds are necessary - for BF2 I spent nearly 4 hours just making the game look right and quit resetting resolution on my Widescreen . Even then - it is not as good looking as real widescreen support .2 . EA charges $ 50 and then as part of the EULA -LRB- End User License Agreement -RRB- requires that you consent to the display of in-game ads , and installation of spyware/malware which collects your surf habits in order to play online . I would rather not have a bright neon display selling Coca Cola in a post-apocalyptic future . Does not fit the setting . Just an attempt by a greedy publisher to gain money at the expense of , not by helping its customers in enjoying the product .3 . EA leaves bugs that have existed since BF2 in-game , and on release this game has been buggy and patches are few and far between . If its support of BF2 is any indication - gamers will be disappointed in that patches generally break/unbalance things rather than fixing reported problems.On a positive note -LRB- to earn its one-star -RRB- is that the new Titan mode is pretty harrowing and exciting ... assuming you are actually able to find a stable server and your system does n't crash your client randomly.I for one am boycotting EA titles until customer grievances are redressed appropriately . Withour your customers - no advertising company will see a point in paying to have their ads in-game .
 It 's pretty bad IMO , definetly something that should have been a $ 20 mod and not passed off as a new $ 50 game . Titan mode is really the only change between BF2 and 2142 , and in combat aboard the Titan , there are some glaring netcode problems that need to be addressed.Infantry combat is weak - you move waaayy too slow , and given EA 's terrible record with patch delivery in BF2 , I would n't expect a timely improvement to this . Lastly ... the spyware . It 's inexcusible and very low on EAs part , but at least it does n't lag you -LRB- all the information gathering/etc is done during map loads -RRB- coming from a bf2 vet , this is a big disappointment overall
 In order to play , you have to register . Then , you have to login to play . I still have n't played the game yet . I 've checked the Forum and EA does not have the servers to login every person . What does this mean ? YOU CA N'T PLAY !!!!! Even offline you need a character . But , I still ca n't get to the server to create a player . Plus , you are adding spyware . These people need to be sued .
 Do not buy ... and certainly do NOT install Battlefield 2142 . Battlefield 2142 includes what is called IGA , or In Game Advertising . This is SPYWARE , and you do not get the option to install it or not . If you install this game , you also install the spyware ! This spyware monitors your internet activity so that advertizers may target you with specific ads during game play of Battlefield 2142 . It 's obscene in my opinion to sell advertising in a game , and to use spyware to target a product to players ! If we put up with this now , it will only get worse !
 I 've been trying to play this game for three hours now and I have n't even managed to get to a menu yet.First comes the login screen , which takes five to twenty minutes to log you in and completely locks up the application in the process -LRB- the cancel button does n't work -RRB- . Then , should the login actuall succeed , you get the pleasure of seeing a screen with some empty windows on it and no controls at all . There 's no way to leave this screen short of cutting the power to the computer entirely.If I wanted to NOT play a game I could simply stare at my wall and save the forty bucks . This game is worthless .
 I ca n't speak for all the spyware stuff people are harping on here . I do n't much care about their in-game ads or whatever . I 'm more interested in the game itself.I downloaded and tried the demo for a couple of hours . What I noticed is that the game feels a lot like BF2 with different vehicles and weapons . One of the things that really annoyed me was the way the video would act like it had intereference when you get hit by someone . Even as a foot soldier , you are apparently wearing some kind of video system . Well every time you get hit it goes a little haywire , like gets a little scrambled . This makes fighting a lot harder since you have a very difficult time figuring out where you are being hit from when you ca n't see straight.Some of the controls basically require you to use a keyboard and mouse . I tried to use a throttle control for the ground vehicles , but you have to use a mouse with it on my setup so I was forced to use a keyboard for the throttle . The was a minor annoyance , but it makes playing in a vehicle like the hover tank seem a little corny since you strafe it around like a foot soldier.I found flying vehicles to simply be sitting ducks , very easy to blow out of the sky . Since I enjoy flying , I found this to be annoying too.The graphics are sluggish compared to BF2 , but not horrendous . The landscapes and map designs are tired , feels very much like a BF2 rehash.If you like BF2 , you 're probably better off sticking with it , there is very little that gives this version of the game a new feel to it . Also the sluggish and unrealistic physics model coupled with small map areas is really starting to become boring . I enjoyed BF1942 , Desert Combat , and BF2 . I barely enjoyed the demo of BF2142 for two hours . There is nothing new to see here , move along ...
 All of the reviews here are angry at EA , but for the wrong reason . EA is not capturing your browsing history or cookies . The only `` tracking technology '' admitted to is the fact that advertisers need to know that players actually saw an ad in-game . So , everyone has a right to be angry -LRB- and not buy the game -RRB- , but do it for the right reasons . A modern-day ad looks very silly sitting next to a 40-foot futuristic war machine.This begs the big question , though . Why pay full price for a game that is subsidized by in-game advertisements ?
 Ok , warning guys . Be careful when someone lists a game as new in shrink wrap . I bought one and found out that it has been used , so the key is not valid.If you are installing this on an older system , beware , it caused me great headache to get it installed . First , the install shield would cuase my sytem to reboot from the beginning , so I installed in safe mode . Well , then it would not find the disk in the drive -LRB- it 's a noted problem at EA -RRB- , so I uninstalled and tried cracking it . Well , I got to registration only to find out that the key is not valid.So now I 'm looking forward to black friday to see if a big box store will sell a good rig for a good deal . Until then , I must continue to play BF2 . At least I 'm not coming back here for a game .
 It 's a really fun game from what I can tell , but be warned
 I paid full retail for this game . I regret it . I hate ONLINE gaming . I thought that single player mode would be good . It is not . Not fun . To even play , you have to remove all elements of security that protect your computer from the malicious people on the internet . Then , in an un-ecrypted method , all your data streams back and forth to several servers before actually connecting to the MASTER server . To get to first base , you have create an account.Games that make you tweak your system so that they run souly for the purpose of that one application are not fun . No widescreen support . And the on-line requirements make this a very propietary game.Being new to the game series , I found the game very unintuitive . 5 Maps which is a good beginner start ? If you are new to the game , plan to die A LOT before being able to find good places to hide out and shoot from . Imagine being sent into Quake with a BB Gun . That is what it feels like.Don ' t buy this game for these reasons
 Figuring that I loved BF2 , three years I rushed to buy BF2142 to play it in all its glory . Since that fateful day when I wasted a few days lunch money , I have spent few hours playing this game.Installing was a hassle , singing in to EA was a hassle , and playing was a hassle . I had to play for several hours before I could even figure out what was going on . Forget about doing well , that was too much work . Nevertheless , I stuck with it enough to be do well in matches , although I was never really satisfied . The balance of the game seemed off to me.Even though it is priced very low right now , I still do not recommend getting this game . I do n't even know if people still play it - the servers might be empty . There are sites that track how many players are playing certain online games at once . I recommend checking those to see if people are still playing this game before buying it .
 Battlefield 2142 is to have in-game advertising . Do you think there should be two versions of the game - a free game with adverts , and a paid for game without adverts?Adverts will be delivered electronically according to your IP address - in other words , your geographical location.Isn ' t paying for the game enough for EA Games?In the UK , we pay a license fee for TV without adverts - BBC , the channels with adverts are free . The channels are free because we have to endure advertising . Why should games be any different.No more games from EA Games for me until this sort of forced trash is over.The game ? Yeah , it 's good , but tainted .
 This is my 12-yr . - old son 's review of this game
 I 've bought this game full of anticipation , but it was a big turn down . I could n't even start playing online because of the `` Buggyness '' of software in the first place . I did n't have any problems with the adds -LRB- did n't have a chance too see them -RRB- The multiplay menu worked once out of 20 tries , and it never updated the server list . When the server list appeared I could not connect to them . I am thinking about returning my battlefield 2142 and keep playing bf2 .
 ... only without in-game ads ... This is BF2 . Same bugs , same $ * & % EA has destroyed the battlefield franchise . This is the last nail .
 I loaded this game on my PC just like any other game then spent 2 hours trying to figure out how to play online . It appeared I had to pay for a monthly subscription to play online which is totally different than every other game in the series and not something I was willing to do . This game will sit on my desk collecting dust and was a waste of my money as far as i 'm concerned .
 GARBAGE can not even create an account to play itThis game is TOTAL GARBAGEBUY IT NOW just to see how wasteful your money can be spent.Buy something instead from the tattooed guys in the broke down building on that street across the tracks instead . At least you might get high.-1 stars for forcing me to create an EA account just to PLAY THE DEMO . Ok , I can take the medicine , I got DSL , ok so I 'll create an account.Six tries with Jon12345x or Samgould98345 type names later and I get the same result -- USER NAME ALREADY TAKEN.-4 stars for not even letting me create an EA account to LET ME PLAY THE DEMO!At least all I wasted was my time in downloading this gigabyte trash from Filefront . Somebody owes someone else money if the retail product was actually purchased .
 With the release of this title EA has gone from my overall favorite publisher to the only one I no longer support . Whether it 's spyware/adware or not does n't matter , the fact that there was no advance notice about it on the e-tailer sites , EA forums or the outside of the box did not allow me to make an informed purchasing decision . In game advertisement is obviously not a feature that EA was proud enough of to list on the box . I would have given the fun factor of the game four stars if I played it but since I do n't it only deserves 1 star . Please send EA the message that we do n't want IGA in our games by not buying this game .
 EA have cranked out yet another update of an update of what was a good game . Yes it looks nice and the futuristic gameplay is , well , futuristic . But paying $ 50 for a game that is in most respects a mod -LRB- of which perhaps better ones exist at no cost -RRB- , with the added unfortunate use of spyware/adware , shows it as a low-thought design with revenue stream as the primary design motivator . Not much fun in my opinion .
 Worst of the BF series bar none , EA made a huge mistake developing this game and ignoring BF2 . BF2 is great and if they would 've dedicated the resources to fixing issues with that game , the gaming community would 've been better served . Now they have one decent product in BF2 and one lousy one in BF2142 . I 'd stick with BF2 and demand that they continue with that game and improve it . BF2142 is headed for `` Bustville '' ...
 I will never purchase another EA brand game ever , not for PC , X360 , or PS3 . Like adding in-game ads was n't enough , they sell you a game with spyware . So just to recap , you are paying $ 50 for a mod of BF2 which contains in-game advertising and spyware . We need to set our foot down now and not allow this to be acceptable . Do n't buy EA products , do n't buy BF2142 .
 IF YOU BUY THIS GAME USED IT WILL NOT WORK , IT WILL HAVE BEEN ALREADY REGISTERED AND WILL 100 % SURE NOT WORKDONT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I DID
 As a BF 42/DC , BF2 & SF fan , I eagerly awaited the release of BF2142 . After finally getting it , I spent the next 3 days trying to get it to work . BF2142 is a wholly different type of installation than BF2 . This requires internet activation before you can play . At some point during the installation you will set up a user account . This account is tied directly to your CD key . What this means is you will only be allowed to play with your account on the computer you 've installed the game on . No longer can you go to a LAN Cafe and login as yourself and play . Forget even multiple players on 1 computer . You are now officially locked to one account . I spent 3 days trying to get the game to work . When I finally got it to work , it only worked once . The next time I tried to play , I would get a splash screen and then a crash back to desktop . After several hours I determined that I had to delete the default profile , everytime I wanted to play . In addition to all these problems , EA has now included spyware . You will now be served up a healthy portion of banner ads placed within the game . Welcome to EA 's new revenue stream . The game has been buggy since day 1 , when it was release patch 1.01 was released as well . Hopefully enough people will stay away from this game to give EA a message that releasing a buggy game that runs roughshod over the customers rights will not be tolerated anymore .
 dont buy this game , its horrible , nothing works , the servers are always full , you are kicked from them so often , lot of connection problems , i have been for a whole week trying to play and it 's IMPOSSIBLE , and there is no support at all , all the links on the EA website are broken for some reason
 I think this Game is the worst ever in BF previous versions and I prefer BF2 than this game which i think I made a big mistake when I bought it I had no problems logging and playing the game , sure with my high speed PC however `` the game '' itself is not that `` BF '' fans would expect , it is in one word can be described `` Disappointing '' . I 'm sorry EA `` reviewer '' but please stop writing here coz it 's obvious hopeless.PS
 I 'll not buy a Spy $ ADwares programs , that 's incredible . EA you are making the begining of the end for BF 's zaga !
 I Have Been Useing EA Games For quit Some Time but BF 2142 Is A Big Rip Off Could Not Get acces To The Game At All with out going On The Internet I think This Is wrong They better get Back On track Or Ea Is going Down The tubes I Will never buy Another One Of There Games
 Basically , the only real good thing about this game is the fact that its a Battlefield game . Otherwise , pretty much everything else is a piece of s *** . What are the new features ? 1 -RRB- More unlocks and ranks . What this really means is that they took the old ranks and chopped them up , making each rank easier to get and less indicative of how good you are . As for the unlocks ? All that they are is that they took some equipment that came standard in BF2 but now has to be unlocked in BF2142 , which gets really annoying when you start playing . I mean , no grenades unless you unlock them ? Please .2 -RRB- Titan mode . All that this does is put a big hulking ship in the middle of the map . The guns on the ship in my experience are pretty much worthless and considering the fact that the main aim to the game is to capture flag-points anyways , this is almost worthless . Yes its fun but it doesnt add much .3 -RRB- 64 players online . Had this in BF2 , next .4 -RRB- Customization . Trust me on this , changing your weapons mid-game in BF2 was enough . The mid-game unlocks is a nice touch , but in the end it has a big potential to screw up the balancing in a server , again because of the number of unlocks .5 -RRB- New vehicles . I guess the walker is better than a jet , huh ? Wrong . The walkers are slower than tanks and way too hard to maneuver . Having jets was much more fun and much more practical.Is that it ? Now on for the bad :1 -RRB- In-game ads . This game costs $ 50 MSRP and we have to deal with ads ?! Ads are for free products , not products you pay for . Nice way to be a money grubber EA .2 -RRB- Just a mod . For my $ 50 all that you are getting is really just a mod for BF2 . A professionally made mod , yes , but still a mod , and no mod is worth $ 50 . I mean , they used the EXACT SAME LADDER SOUND FROM BF2 . Seriously . Go download the BF2 and BF2142 demos and compare the sounds if you do n't believe me .3 -RRB- Same graphics engine . BF2 came out in in May 2004 and BF2142 came out nearly 1.5 years later . Ca n't we get at least some new features , like HDR maybe ? Even the spawn screen is almost identical if not for the customization buttons and different colors .4 -RRB- Its an EA game . Meaning , same bugs , same once-in-a-blue-moon patches that cause more problems than they fix . Same way of treating customers like beta testers.This is a really despicable effort on EA 's part . Battlefield when it works is the best game ever , next to Halo and Counter Strike , but when it does n't its not worth bollocks . The problem , of course , is EA . If someone else developed this , namely Valve or even Microsoft Game Studios , this game would be much much better off . In fact , getting this game on Steam would be one of the better EA decisions . The game is multiplayer based and Steam makes it very easy to find your friends and patch the game.In short , this is pretty much a mod and not worth the $ 50 . Now , I did buy this game , but only because Best Buy had a Black Friday sale bringing it down to $ 25 , which for a professionally made mod isnt too bad , and helps keep up with the times . However , the fact that Amazon now has this less-than 2 month old game for $ 30 should tell you something
 Initially , I loved this game . I played it for about 2 straight months and had done well to level-up . I recently upgraded my system and in doing so went from Windows XP to Windows Vista.Battlefield 2142 under XP has a few bugs , but under Vista has tons of bugs . You basically ca n't play for than 30-90 minutes without a crash to desktop . It got frustrating to the point that I had to stop playing -LRB- because I did n't want to change back to XP -RRB- . If you are running Vista , do not buy this game . It does n't work well . I went through all of the `` tweak guides '' to try to minimize crashing and it still crashes.You can argue that BF 2142 was n't designed for Vista , because it was n't , but this is the only game I own that wo n't run on Vista . Other games I play such as WoW , CoH , C&C 3 ; , & LOTRO run fine on Vista.So , I rate this game 5 starts for fun , but 1 star for running on Vista .
 If you do n't mind spyware on your computer , you might like this game . If you do n't mind popups , and advertising on your game , you might like this game . If you want BF2 with a treky view , you might like this game.I wish I would never have bought this game . I waited and waited and waited for this game to come out . I , even , preordered the game from Best Buy . I was excited when I picked the game up from the Best Buy . I went straight home and straight to my computer to install BF 2142 . While installing the game , the game revealed that there would be spyware and advertising . Oops , too late to return the game because I already opened up the package.Then during the first few minutes , I realized that the graphics are terrible . I have a 24 '' flat screen and my computer uses SLI -LRB- I have 2 video cards -RRB- . I have a powerful computer with 2 gigs of ram . I want the best , and I buy the best . The graphics on this game are out of the 80 's or the 90 's . Really , the game is a BF2 game with Star Trek look to it or a Jedi look to it.I played it quite a bit yesterday , hoping that I would fall in love with it . That did n't happen ; I did n't fall in love with it.Today , I have a choice ; I can play Battlefield 2142 or I can go to work -LRB- on a Sunday -RRB- . I guess I will go to work . It is late in the day , 2:34 pm , but I would rather go to work than play that game . Work is fun for me , more fun than playing Battlefield 2142 . Next month , some really great games are coming out . If you do n't have much money , wait for next month , and get a great game.If anyone wants to buy my Battlefield 2142 , I will sell it for $ 35 , even though it is only one day old.Paul
 First off , I 'm not a kid - you just do n't need to know my name . : pAnyway , you may notice I 've given the game a 4-star `` fun '' rating but an overall score of 1 ? Why ? Well , as fun as the game is -LRB- play the demo if you 're questioning that -RRB- , consumers who value their privacy SHOULD NOT BUY THIS GAME . Why ? This game contains SPYWARE - that 's right , the same nefarious sort of programs which use up valuable system resources to send off your personal information to be sold to the highest bidder ; the same crud installed onto your computer by adult-oriented websites and peer-to-peer file-sharing programs . A white piece of paper supplied with the game reads as follows : The Software may incorporate technology developed by IGA Worldwide Inc. -LRB- `` IGA '' -RRB- -LRB- the `` Advertising Technology '' -RRB- . The purpose of the Advertising TEchnology is to deliver in-game advertisements to you when you use the Software while connected to the Internet . When you use the Software while connected ot the Internet , the Advertising Technlogy may record your IP address and other anonymouse information -LRB- `` Advertising Data '' -RRB- . The Advertising Data is temporarily used by IGA to enable the presentation and measurement of in-game advertisements and other in-game objects which are uploaded temporarily to your personal computer or game console and changed during online game play . The Advertising Technology does not collect any personally identifiable information about you , and EA will ont provide IGA with any of your personally identifiable information . The servers used by the Advertising Technology may , from time to time , be located outside your country of residence . If you are located within the European Union , the servers may be located outside the EU.By installing and using the Software , you agree to
 EA has moved the Battlefield series to an almost online exclusive game . Most weapons and abilities are locked and will stay that way until you play on one of EAs ranked servers and earned points to raise your stats and unlock content . You do n't even get grenades right out of the gate . But if you play single player the AI will be chucking grenades at you constantly . And forget Titan mode . No bots there . I wonder if EA is looking to move games like this to a monthly subscription.Whatever . It 's a decent online game . But EA , a lot of us really do n't want to HAVE to play online with a bunch of spawn camping stat-mongers . Keep that in mind . I 'm done buying Battlefield products .
 EA did the dumbest thing ever - they killed a fun series by releasing a buggy game that infests your computer with their spyware . If you like companies sneaking in spyware and feeding you comercials in game , if you like buggy software , then this is the game for you !!! Too bad , I loved BF2 . EA , your a bunch of fools!P.S . Beware of the 5 star reviewers - they sound a lot like EA shills , maybe not but I can not see how this game could earn 5 stars !!
 Upon installing this game you will be warned that spyware will be installed on your system . Essentially it watches where/when/what you surf , reports home , and then serves up ads within the game based on this information . Even if the data is kept anonymous , this is no different than any other malware which collects user data in order to make advertisers rich , at the expense of gameplay . And besides that , how much do you think gameplay will degrade with all those extra processes going on in the background ? No thanks , EA . Time for a boycott.P.S .
 The game contains spyware : `` The Software may incorporate technology developed by IGA Worldwide Inc. -LRB- `` IGA '' -RRB- -LRB- the `` Advertising Technology '' -RRB- . The purpose of the Advertising TEchnology is to deliver in-game advertisements to you when you use the Software while connected to the Internet . When you use the Software while connected ot the Internet , the Advertising Technlogy may record your IP address and other anonymouse information -LRB- `` Advertising Data '' -RRB- . The Advertising Data is temporarily used by IGA to enable the presentation and measurement of in-game advertisements and other in-game objects which are uploaded temporarily to your personal computer or game console and changed during online game play . The Advertising Technology does not collect any personally identifiable information about you , and EA will ont provide IGA with any of your personally identifiable information . The servers used by the Advertising Technology may , from time to time , be located outside your country of residence . If you are located within the European Union , the servers may be located outside the EU.By installing and using the Software , you agree to
 I sent an email to EA saying that I would not buy a game with in advertising or ad tracking.I think its wrong for EA to try and gain ad revenue on a game that I am paying $ 50 for ... no matter how good it might be . My guess is you can expect ads directed to your IP by region . I 'll bet that they are marketing to potential advertisers with age , gender ect ... based on game/EA website information/registration . Here is the message they sent me to alleviate my concerns.Thank you for contacting Electronic Arts.We would like to provide more information on in-game advertising in Battlefield 2142 . To try and help everyone better understand it , here is how it works.The in-game advertisement is respectful of players ' privacy
 Battlefield 2142 INSTALLS an application called EA LINK - which is irritating -LRB- I beleive Java Based -RRB- -- It is one of those applications that load everytime you start your computer up - and it contacts EA server - and Updates automatically - one update was REALLY buggy - Unless you want another who-knows-what-this-stupid-service-does application always on your desktop DO NOT BUY THIS APPLICATION -LRB- not to mention its one more thing using up resources -RRB- - YOU ARE NOT BUYING JUST A GAME HERE BUT A CONSTANT EA WEB AD - Also Battlefield 2142 is a bit buggy for me - trying to find a server can be a problem - plus do not try to install this on a slave drive because the patch ca n't find the files - due to the EA LINK installer . If I knew this app had the EA LINK in it I would not have purchased it !!! Good luck !
 I am outraged that EA inserts advertising into a game I pay good money for . This is bogus beyond belief , beyond the pale , unacceptable , outrageous . I returned it and so should you if you got taken like I was . If you are here wondering whether it is a good one to buy , the answer for now until they respond to the growing outrage over this is NO . JUST SAY NO to this kind of thing . VOTE with your WALLET because , THAT they listen to and nothing else . This incredible act of stupidy and greed on EA 's part will kill this game and you wo n't have anyone to play with online anyway unless they issue a patch to yank this spyware right out of it COMPLETELY . Personally , I will be damned before I PAY for something that has SPYWARE in it and inserts ADVERTISING into MY game experience .
 Not a chance . I was all into getting this game for my new XPS1710 . Not now . EA , it 'll be fun to watch you flail .
 As many reviewers here I was bitterly disappointed by the news that EA had the cheek of invading their customers PCs with a spyware , aggressively advertising stuff and disrupting their gaming . Surely there must be other ways for EA to advertise products to the players who paid their hard earned top dollar for the game.Isn ' t registering on-line , creating an account on the company web-site enough to reach gamers ? Why ruin a good game by annoying pop-ups ? Such advertising strategy will definitely put me off buying any product , even a long awaited game . I sympathise with the developers who might be really upset reading such unflattering reviews of the game . I do not think EA cares or knows much about their customers.I refuse to buy anything from this sort of companies.I think people who buy the game will help EA set a dangerous precedent which can affect PC gaming for many years to come . I hope EA will listen to gamers and will try to rescure the game by re-releasing the product and giving the customers what they want.Thanks to all the less gullible reviewers here whose reviews saved me $ 50 .
 Absolutely the worst idea in years . Not only are you paying a premium price for this but they are adding mandatory advertisements in game as well as installing internet monitoring spyware on your computer . Of course there is NO warning on the box and only after you have opened it does the piece of paper telling you about it come to light . I returned my copy and refuse to support this out right attempt at invasive spyware .
 Spyware and Adware is not permitted on my home computer , so I will not be purchasing this game . I have carefully read IGA and EA 's statement regarding spyware and their license agreement . EA 's statement neglects to comment on many details that concern privacy advocates about this game , -LRB- they say what it does n't do but they are not specific about what it does . -RRB- and the LICENSE AGREEMENT gives them permission to add even more spyware to the game in later patches , It also says that by installing the game , you agree give EA lawsuit immunity if the game harms your computer or violates your privacy . Why would they need this immunity if they were not afraid that some of the things they are doing are illegal?Don ' t give EA a blank check to make money off the information on your PERSONAL PC , and certainly do n't pay them to do it to you.Too bad it seemed like a good game .
 The graphics are terrible . Slow gameplay . Empty servers all the time . This game was a complete waste of my money
 Bought it , installed and never able to register since it kept giving error about `` Invalid CD Key `` Tried Contacting EA and 2 weeks later still no answer , Terrible Customer Service , Returned for refund .
 The game style is great but online play is limited because its so old . Honestly this pc game style is outdated but as a LAN party game with the TITAN game mode never gets boring !
 Unfortunately , Battlefield 2142 does n't support native widescreen resolutions - at least , not right out of the box . There is a way to modify the shortcut to the game , but this takes a bit of work . So , if you have a widescreen monitor and you want to enjoy games that fill your screen , find an alternative to BF2142 .
 This game is a lot of fun when it works , but many people including myself just experience CTD after CTD , its far too buggy , it should never have been released in such a poor state
 Advertisement has reached a new evil ! Not only does it ard you nonstop on the tv and internet NOW IN YOUR GAMES TOO ! ALL REJOICE ! * insert massive amount of sarcasm * yeah or not lol . This is just another insane way that marketing is trying to invade your life and take it over . BOYCOTT THIS !!! THIS IS COMPLETELY RIDICULOUS ! This shouldnt even be allowed ... Do not just accept this ... not only is it advertsising IN game but it is also installing spyware . I think they should have learned from sony that installing things onto a computer that the buyer doesnt want ends in massive lawsuits and problems . Oh well if they / go bankrupt on this i have to say it 'd be well deserved.Thank you for listening to my ranting =D roflOh and by the way . Since advertising is a way for a TV corporations to make money it makes tv/cable cheaper or free even right ? Well if thats the case why isnt it the same in video games ? If they put In-game advertising the game should be $ 10 dollars intead of $ 50.00 . EA cant you allow us more than 1 profile per cd key ? Your just asking for trouble .
 I used to love this game , until PUNKBUSTER was added to the Multiplayer version of this game . I 'm not an intentional team-killer and one day , I found that I could not play Multiplayer anymore . I would get into the game and then be kicked out within 10 seconds with a non-intuitive error message , stating `` PUNKBUSTER '' . WOW , that 's not helpful at all . I went to the EA Support website to find out how I can get rid of this error message and all their support documentation amounted to `` Download some file from the Punkbuster website '' . When I tried that , I found that Punkbuster probably has some of the worst support documentation I 've seen on a website -LRB- they should give awards for that -RRB- . Not only is my issue still unresolved , but I ca n't resell this game , because of EA 's bad reputation with Spyware/Adware-related software on games like this .
 EA Games/DICE have ruined a wonderful franchise . BF1942 & BF Vietnam were excellent games . Many hours in my house were spent battling for control of control points , sniping friends , flying under bridges & upside down . But now , it 's just dumb.BF 2142 is just plain garbage . Absolute trash . I purchased this game against the suggestion of many reviewers , and I regret it . I can deal with the attempt at placing ads in the game , it 's annoying , but their agreement seems to protect me.What I ca n't deal with is the total lack of coherant control systems in a game . Why in the world does every bot have grenades , but I ca n't seem to get a them ? Why do the instructions say `` drag an item into your kit '' but the items never drop into my kit ? Why does it take me 45 seconds and 20 mouse movements to swing a turret 90 degrees ? In that time , I 'm dead.I wo n't get into too many details of the game . Suffice it to say , if this is warfare of the future , we 're all doomed ... Do n't buy this game . Get -LSB- ... -RSB- while you still can . Download the patches & archive them . You 'll get many more hours of enjoyable playtime with those games . Even with the idiotic bots of BFV , it 'll be more enjoyable .
 The Battlefield series were great until 2142 . Anticipated , you bet I did and then ... in game advertising ? Forget it . I have the Battlefield , expansion packs etc , but I will not buy this because of that in-game advertising/tracking . What sucks for some is that they installed the game without knowing and can no longer return it . I 'm all for supporting legislation that will prohibit this kind of activity . EA/IGN - if they do n't make it , someone else will . Plus with all the bugs/issues ... sigh ... why the headache.No one else I know , that plays the Battlefield series , has purchased 2142 . Game Over EA ... Game Over
 You say `` Buy Battlefield 2142 -LRB- DVD-ROM -RRB- and get Battlefield 2142 Pre-Order Flash Drive as a gift with purchase ! '' - > $ 44.99 . Where is my Flash drive ? i do n't receive anything !!!!!!!!!!
 In game ads ? Must register on-line to use . NO THANK YOU . I did not open the box , I sent it back . I am not able to rate lower than 1 star.I love the reviewers who chalk it up as `` oh well , guess this is the way things will be '' . Well only if you buy the product . If I can only participate in single player or on-line combat , slaughter and adventure by registering then I will go back to checkers . But I 'm just prickly that way . It 's MY money .
 I think the only reason i liked this game is because i have never played any other bf games . People say this game is horrible dont buy it . I somewhat agree with it because adware sucks . My computer can run it just fine and its pretty fun . THE PODS ARE AWESOME . Vehicles are kinda cool except the driver shouldnt be able to pod out while 20 people are i nthe transport im seing that alot lately . Dont buy this ifyou already played the other bf2 games , as for me i dont got enought money : D
 I was all ready to buy this game but after reading the reviews iam glad i didnt . 50 bucks is a lot to pay for having ur privacy invaded i wont be buying this title ever
 Like others , I have truly enjoyed the battlefield series but I will not consider any game no matter how good , if it is going to put spyware and adware on my computer . This is simply unacceptable and a strong message needs to be sent to EA .
 We were more than patient with you with BF 1942 because it was revolutionary and eventually the patches caught up and there was expansion goodness for everyone.We were forgiving with BF Vietnam for the balancing , bugginess , lack of standard features , and maps just so we could have all the helicopter goodness.We were excited and then quickly disappointed by BF 2 with all the same problems showing up yet a third time along and a lacking of features promised in the last two versions along with a crop of other things such as rampant cheating and patch updates that were almost non-existant . I 'll admit we 're a bit slow , but if you think we 're going to throw money yet a fourth time your way , for what amounts to a mod , a buggy mod at that , with the great new feature being adware , wow you 're dumber than we are.I for one am going to pass . I 'll check back in six months , if it lasts that long . Hopefully by then all the patches and balancing will be done . If that is the case , then I 'll think about picking it up.JUST TO BE FAIRJust be fair I went back and gave it another try . Here is how it went.Another 22 hour download . NiceReintstalled Dx9Reinstalled gameGame crashed first attempt , but came up second time no problems.I see that the jump to center , bug/characteristic is still in the control menu , annoying , but tollerable . It 's been there since the 1942 version.Getting the control menu to keep my settings took a few attempts . For some reason it was dead set on keeping W set to nothing . I do n't use WASD I use ESDF , more keys to the left to use . Similar problems setting up the joystick and mouse , but nothing serious , just had to play a game solo and jump into the menu 10-15 times to keep changing things back , again another characteristic that has been with us since 1942 . Video is similar to BF2 , as long as I do n't max them out it is very smooth.No widescreen support , big thumbs down . Closest thing to 1900x1200 is 1600x1200 . Some warping , but playable . Sorry kiddies who think wide screen is cheating , I like my 24 '' monitor and like having a wider view.The optimizing shaders annoyance is back from BF2 . If you change video setting expect a 5 minute or more wait till it optimizes something . Do n't know why this could n't be done before you try to enter a map in the background , so you are going to be late to the fight the first time after a change.Game play that I tried was Titan . Interesting concept , though nothing original it 's been around since the days of UT and RtCW . Moving around and launching aircraft onboard the Titan is buggy quite a bit of the time . The ship moves around subtly causing things to get hung up.Weapons seem to be more accurate , but classes feel kind of generalized due to the reduction in total numbers.Sound quality is still pretty muted and generic , all the weapons sound alike , but at least they 've finally figured out what 3d sound is . You know which way it 's coming from now.The powered lift craft , they 're not helicopters , they 're not airplanes . It feels like they 're found the perfect dumbed down sensitivity . BFV they were crazy sensitive , BF2 they felt like you were flying with your hands numb . I personally like things light and sensitive , it took a lot of skill to fly them , but this should help get people up to speed faster and make people less afraid of jumping in with random pilots.Looks like the helicopter instant roll over and play dead bug is still in the game.The ground vehicles are so so . The weapons have some interesting characteristics , like the curve ball grenades on the walker . Other than that nothing really new.Lot 's of gun stabilization on vehicle guns finally make accurate passenger support fire possible while on the move.There is no cover or vegetation which to speak of , but then none of the BF games ever have had much . I like the fatigue bar , but it 's a LONG run between things to hide behind , so anyone on foot is still going to be constantly caught out in the open.The indestructable chain link fences make a return to the game ready to stop your 80 ton tank dead in it 's tracks.Light vehicles are n't all that fast and explode almost instantly upon contact with water . Seems even in the future that is still a problem . The walker can wade accross no problems.I saw one of the infamous billboards . It was green and simple said `` The Enemy is out there '' So right they are , but I did n't notice any more than that . No adds . I 'd rather if they were going to stuff adds in the game to have them in the menu while you are looking for a server to join rather than in the game . The classic `` Brought to you by Brand X '' type placements there would be less strange.This game feels very much like a mod , it still needs some tweeking to get some things right . The Menu system is still quirky , but seems to be actually stable , which is an absolute first for any BF game . Simple things like not telling you how to set up a joystick are still absent . It 's not hard , but it 's not obvious either.There is nothing that interesting to a long time BF vet to make me want to pay money for it . I find the whole thing kind of boring . There are better games out there that suck you into the action better . It seems that DICE did n't bother lifting any ideas from the many games that have come out since they have come onto the scene.I downgrade my opinion from flame to yawn.Wars are dirty , loud , confusing , overwhelming , and dented . This game delivers none of that . Even BF2 for all it 's warts still seems to be the much better game .
 Looks like i 'll skip this game to.I do n't want people spying into my life.Stay out creeps !
 To start with the good , many balancing issues of Battlefield 2 have been properly addressed , such as overpowered air support , underpowered infantry , a wide array of mostly useless kits , etc. , so EA has certainly learned something from the shortcomings of their last effort . Unfortunately , the major innovation of BF2142 , titan mode , is hampered by some prevalent performance issues . Moving a titan with a moderate level of action occurring on it results in unacceptable lag , especially since titan battles are some of the most crucial moments of a game . You 'll think you 've gone back to the days of dial-up when you ca n't plug a guy at point blank before your ammo clip runs out.As for the graphics , while the engine was certainly impressive at the time of BF2 's release , it is beginning to seem a little lackluster nowadays . For a large game company in charge of a franchise whose installments are practically guaranteed blockbusters , rehashing the same engine seems lamo to me . All in all , the game is n't very innovative considering the resources at EA 's disposal.My biggest complaint , though , is what it seems EA considers their greatest innovation
 I downloaded and played the Demo version of this game . In the demo the internet play was for some reason very laggy and the connection was droped quite often . I thought that the FIRST DAY PATCH might have fixed that and was going to buy it anyways.But , thankfully , I read the reviews and the forums before buying the game and found out that they have the adware/spyware `` feature '' . It seems to me that it is ridiculous to pay 50 bucks for a bunch of adware !!! And it was not exactly advertised ! People bought the game , opened the box and there 's a nice surprise inside ...
 What 's in in-game ads for the player , anyway ? It 's the future and there 's a war on , it does n't even try to make sense . Way to choke , EA .
 The game itself is good , but not all that different from the last Battlefield game . It 's essentially the same game in a futuristic setting . EA wants you to pay $ 50 for a rehashed game loaded with in-game ads and spyware ? How about passing some of that advertising money along to the consumer instead of charging $ 50 for a polished up version of one of your old games ?
 I was really excited about Battlefield 2142 - finally a fusion of the Battlefield series that allow you to emerse yourself in a battle environment , use vehicles , terrain and teamwork as well as mechs from the beloved Warhammer genre.Unfortunately for us gamers EA games has upped the ante of when it comes to invasiveness and greed . Dissatisfied with simply charging their customers for a game - they feel the need to generate further revenue by hitting you with advertisements on your own computer while you play a game you have played for . To top it off , it montiors your web usage , transfers and processes this private information remotely and uses this to hit you with ` targeted advertising ' - spyware , pure and simple.I encourage gamers to NOT BUY this game until EA realises we do n't want MORE advertising shoved down our throats and game makers forcing us to install malicious software to suit software houses fund raising purposes . The gaming industry is a lucrative one - they make plenty of money without vandalising our PCs , installing adware and copy protection like Starforce . If you want to gather user information - at least ASK - most people do n't mind filling out a brief survey . Once I have paid for a game - it should be mine to install / uninstall / mount and control as I like.My message to EA - keep making brilliant games , but back off on the stealthware and greed and I 'll start buying your games again .
 It has been reported and confirmed that this game will install software that will monitor your browsing habits and send this information to marketing companies . This spyware will NOT be optional ! It is required to play the game . Think for a moment , do you want to pay $ 45 to have your privacy sold away to a marketing firm ?
 If you thought BF2 has some lack of support , you 'll be in shock from this one . They released a game that performs like it was n't even ready for Beta testing . This is one game that I 'll be passing on , having played it at my friends ' . Titan Mode is so laggy that its almost unplayable , kicking people with low ping from games . And the ads are just obnoxious .
 I ordered the game about 8 weeks before it came out - picked it up the day it came out and when I load the disc into my computer ... . NOTHING . would n't even recognize that a disc was in . Took it back to the store for another copy ... NOTHING - same problem . Now maybe a slim chance that the `` DVD '' portion of the game is stopping the cd drive from recognizing it - I do n't know why it would n't read the disc at all . My computer had zero problem playing BF :2 and this is pretty much the same specs . and requirements right?Next - I will install what I want on my computer , not was EA or any other person/group wants . I hate adware/spyware and wish there were laws on those things being put on your computer just by visiting a site . I have read the official statements release by EA regarding `` adware/spyware '' and I think its complete crap , people say `` no , its not actually really spyware '' but it is , it transmits data from my computer -LRB- even if it is only game related -RRB- without my control ... unless I do n't install the game.When installing the game you should have the option to install or not install the `` EA-ware '' whatever it is . Just like `` notify me of special EA offers and updates '' -LRB- yes -RRB- -LRB- no -RRB- or `` install icon on desktop '' -LRB- yes -RRB- -LRB- no -RRB- i am very excited to play the game and hope that within 6 months EA has changed there story - fixed the problems within the actual game , and removed there spyware - if this is going to be a constant thing with EA PC games , I will never buy another EA product for PC . For now I do n't know if I will boycott the game entirely - or just the purchase of it , I might cave and play the game at the local `` Game Pads '' hub .
 I try very hard to keep spyware off my machine . Why would I want to install it on purpose ?
 There 's the SpyWare and Adware issues , and the game is really just a BF2 expansion pack , the same physics and game engine . But if you get tired of the in-game ads etc and want to sell your game - FORGET IT , YOU CA N'T ! Here 's the reply from EA when I asked about that : >> Thank you for writing EA.com account services . >> Unfortunately your registration code can only be used to create one >> account . If you 've previously created an account using this code , you >> can not use it again to create a new account . Also , the account >> registered once can not be unregistered . You will need to login to the >> game using the same account name and password with which you have >> registered the game . >> Please let us know if there is anything else needed . >> Thank You , >> EA Online Support.You shell out $ 50 for a game and then you 're stuck with it . It 's really unfair and exploits their fan base . I 'll keep playing BF2 -LRB- not BF2142 -RRB- even with all of it 's flaws . But BF 2142 is the last EA game I 'll buy , and you should pass on this game too . Remember you were warned .
 Do n't get me wrong ; Battlefield 2142 is fun , and when I have an hour to spare , I gladly immerse myself in the game . But it is really just another version of Battlefield 2 . It includes the same commands and AI behavior as BF2 , and the vehicles and weapons are very similiar . What separates this game from BF2 is the new Titan mode , which is cool , but probably is n't worth spending money on . In short , BF 2142 does n't amount to much more than a BF2 mod . If you already own Battlefield 2 , do n't spend your money .
 I actually was able to play the game ONE DAY AFTER the physical release . Spyware ? Horrible . Softdrink commercials on 2142 ???? Shame on EA and shame on this industry for these practices . Microsoft be advised that this program is requesting to delete a file that widely opens the OS kernel for hacking .
 The graphics and gameplay are just as enjoyable as Battlefield 2 . The sound effects of automatic weapons sound even better than in BF2 . The car also is more fun to drive than the BF2 version . Titan mode is a lot more fun than conquest . What I miss are the fighter jets . Ironically , the futuristic environments seem less interesting to me than the BF2 maps where there are more contemporary buildings . The international flavor of BF2 had some value in it . 2142 maps do n't have mosques or pagodas so they all seem generic to me . All in all the game is a blast-as expected.I like this game but I do n't like mandatory adware . Since I pre-ordered the game , bought a new video card and maintained a DSL connection needed to satisfy the game 's requirements , I should have a say whether adware gets installed and run inside BF2142 . The companies running these ads should n't feel automatically entitled to run their ads on my PC and using my DSL connection , even if the ads are made part of the game 's license agreement .
 Typical EA ` shovel-ware ' , repackage an older game with a couple new features and hey presto ! a brand new game ! If youre familiar with their sports franchises then you know the deal
 EA is already making enough money off of the $ 50 BF2 mod that they should not be selling their customer 's data . If everyone buys this game then EA will continue with this stupid practice . So please do not buy this game .
 This game was god awful . It 's frustrating to play . Infantry seem way too slow , or the map too large . Vehicles are invulnerable to infantry , infantry has no grenades or anyway to counter them unless they find another vehicle.Vehicle controls are horrendous , I feel like I have little or no control.That and the in-game music makes me want to kill myself . It 's so boring it 's actually frustrating in itself.Thats just from the demo .
 Where to start ... Well to be honest I ca n't even explain how poorly made this newest game from EA is made . To sum it up your paying $ 50 dollars for a poorly made modification of BF2 . To add insult to injury the biggest new features of BF2142 have to be its spyware and adware technology . When you first open the box you will see a disclaimer saying something to the effect of a third party company will track what you do where you go and select ads to display based on this.STAY AWAY ! You be better giving your $ 50 to charity -LRB- Where it will actually be used for a good cause ... instead of feeding the pockets of EA and making you the customer feel like you have just been ripped off by a sleek salesman . -RRB-
 This game will install the IGA Advertising software on your machine . IGA claims to monitor your internet activity so that it is able to effectively serve advertisement to you while playing the game . DO NOT buy this game unless you are comfortable with having another application tracking your internet activity.Others will tell you that it does n't monitor after the game is shutdown . EA will tell you that they only track IP addresses . I will tell you not to trust them . This is just legalease that they are required to disclose . They are vague with the types of information being collected and that is enough for me not to trust them . Once you open the game you ca n't return it . We all need to ban together and refuse this game . If EA gets away with this then other game manufacturers will begin to do the same.Down with the man !!!
 If you have n't seen ads in this game it 's because they have n't been activated yet . First of all , this game is bug-riddled and laggy . It is not unexpected since virtually all games released these days have serious issues to be ironed out . However , EA is notorious for this . They just recently released patch 1.4 for BF 2 after it had been out over a year . It is more-or-less stable now.So you should expect a solid year of continued development of this game . But more importantly the inclusion of real-world ads in a game is a dangerous precedent . I play games for the immersion , not to be reminded that I can get 1/4 of a percent less on my mortgage . Sure ... someone will figure out a way to block the ads , but eventually EA will take counter-measures to prevent this . If you want to play games in the future where a Pepsi ad is splashed on the wall of that nifty castle yonder then go ahead and buy this game.You 'll be sending a message to the industry that you 're ok with having your gaming time intruded upon . Personally , I played the demo and it was ok at best . I think the animations are not nearly as well done as BF 2 . It 's buggy . I 'm not going to buy the retail version because I do not want to encourage EA and in-game advertising . * EDIT * I would further like to point out that this adware was not announced to the public nor was it anywhere on the box . The first time users became aware of it was when they installed the software ... after it was too late to get a refund . Why ? Because EA knew their sales would plummet . It was sneaky and sleezy and they do n't deserve your money .
 I 'm a very computer literite person so when I install a videogame I just bought I expect it to work right ... . the first time . Battlefield 2142 did not even start up for me after installation on my brand new HP Laptop DV9000 with an Nvidia 7600 Go card . The entire installation process was litered with bugs . The microphone setup did n't even detect my audio setup even though it works perfectly fine in all other games and software -LRB- CS , Ventrilo -RRB- . Adding salt to the wound is EA putting ads into this game . I know I will be returning this game and I 'm pretty sure anyone who decides to buy this is taking a $ 50 gamble .
 A game for $ 50 dollars of my hard earned money that contains spyware , in game advertisements , and IP address tracing ???!!! No way . Plus a patch was released the very first day . That proves the game was rushed out to make a quick buck . I can understand in game advertising ONLY IF the consumers benefit . Why did we not see a discount in price ? No thank you EA . Try again when you are less greedy .
 I 'm not going to complain about the Spyware that this game installs on your machine , or all of the tacky in-game advertising that you will see , or even that fact that this is basically just BF2 with star trek guns.No . I plan to talk about how buggy and spastic this game is right out of the box as well as after the first -LRB- of many I 'm sure -RRB- patch was installed .1 . Titan Mode is a cool idea , but one that they obviously did not work out before the game was released . Any time you enter the titan the game get so choppy that you are easy fodder for the opposing team . Anyone that you do actually kill will bounce or slide around for 10-15 seconds and the dissapear . just about any thing that you do will twitch and bounce making impossible to move much less kill an aponnent . There are lots of other places and vehicles that I have had this problem but I should move on .2 The ranking and stats are also a good idea if it worked . If you are planning to get in on the veterans program and claim a whole bunch of new goodies because you had made Colonel in BF2 , forget it . You will get 40 points and 1 unlock . I have found that after I reach a new paygrade or rank I have to re-start the game a few times before I can claim my new weapon , and that my rank dose n't show up anyway . this is prooblematic for anyone that wants to be commander , as the highr grade gets to command .3 The weapons look cool but are totally worthless and inacurate until you get into the higher tiers of unlocks . Kinda hard to do when you ca n't hit anything in the first place because the screen shoots off inevery which way , and your rifle could n't hit the broad side of a barn .4 In closing , any tech problem should just be kept to yourself , because as anyone who has tried to contact EA customer support would know , they will be no help at all.My advice would be to just stick with BF2 and the 25 patches that have finally made that game semi-playable and forget about this mess . Maybe you can take the $ 50 that you saved and invest it a new graphics card or jus tbuy quake wars when it comes out .
 After pre-ordering and receiving Battlefield 2142 a while back , I finally got the time to install and try Battlefield 2142 , and shortly thereafter , uninstall it . I was really looking forward to this game as I am a huge fan of Battlefield 2 . If you are considering Battlefield 2142 and do not have Battlefield 2 , stop immediately and get a copy of Battlefield 2 first . The graphics are just as good and the game is better in every way I can think of , unless possibly if you 're an absolute future nut in which that might make one aspect an improvement over it 's predecessor , but it simply does not compare . ... and then I would suggest Battlefield 1942 and Battlefield Vietnam as well as some other first person shooters
 The game itself is alright . It really is nothing more then a $ 50 mod of BF2 . That by itself is pretty disappointing , and really makes it not worth $ 50 . As far as all the talk about it installing spyware , believe it , it is true . EA even puts a disclosure card in the packaging . It scans your machine so it can place in game ads based on your surfing habits . This is completely unacceptable , even if it is indeed harmless . The fact that EA would even put in the effort to make a game do something like is , is troubling . They should spend more time and effort improving the game that the consumers pay for , then creating new ways to fill their pockets and exploit the consumer . What genious came up with this idea ?
 Looks like i 'll skip this game to.I do n't want people spying into my life.Stay out creeps !
 I agree ! I bought this game for my grandson to play on my PC and it did n't work . After spending two days messaging with Activision I found that I needed a more powerful video card . I purchased one for $ 110 and after getting it installed and updating the drivers all I got for my time and money was the `` blue screen of death '' ! I 'm taking the card and the game back today .
 The game would not run on my computer . I have an HP 1020 that is less than a year old with all the horsepower you should need . Technical support for Activision told me that I needed to spend $ 30 to $ 500 to upgrade my video card in order to run a $ 15 game .
 I installed this game and thought I 'd check it out for myself before the kids saw it . It was difficult to maneuver the character and I was also pretty disappointed with the grapics , especially considering the amount of resource you need to run it in the first place . My PC was specifically built for gaming , so it 's no slug when it comes to games . I play Sims 2 with ALL the expansion packs , plus thousands of downloaded items and NEVER have the lag I had on this game . When the kids -LRB- age 9 -RRB- played it , they were n't impressed either . They said it was too hard to figure out the controls and basically tired of trying to figure it out very quickly .
 I got the Shrek the third PC for my birthday present . I fought this game was going to be interesting . Even though I installed it just fine , and it works on our computer , this game often freezes our computer . Usually when this frezzing problem happens I usually have to turn off the computer and start the level all over again . Occasionally , this game erases files all by itself . Sometimes I could not pass the level because it usually freezes in the middle of a level . The graphics were good , the characters were funny . I WOULD NOT RECCOMMEND THIS GAME BECAUSE IT OFTEN FREEZZES OUR COMPUTER !!! BUY ANOTHER GAME !!!
 While I have been a loyal fan of the Sims franchise since the release of the original I have noticed a growing trend with the latest generation , namely the increase of Stuff Packs and the decreasing amounts of content in the actual EP 's . From reading the forums I was quite surprised to learn that not only were we to get no new neighbourhood , the amount of objects had decreased , and finally absolutely no content regarding hair or clothing.While I still feel that the game adds a fair amount of interactions and additional features , I feel as if we are now expected to pay a lot more for a lot less , as the EA franchise continues to squeeze more dollars out of their loyal fanbase to be able to add clothing and hairstyles . Something that is in a way expected with a major expansion pack.Suffice it to say , if it was n't for the copious amounts of Custom content available on the many fansites out there , the game would have become weary a long time ago.Unless EA 's plans are to run the Sims franchise into the ground by releasing more and more stuff packs I hate to say , I may not be a loyal purchaser of following expansions .
 I bought it 2 days ago and reutrned it today for a full refund.I thought you could actually control the pet and make it do fun stuff.Actually you ca n't even command it to move.WHAT KIND OF PET IS THAT ???!!! Only a small variety of breeds.The only lest bit fun of it is that you can custom design your pet.THE UPSIDE-You can open up a pet store if you have thisTHE DOWNSIDE-You also have to have business to do thatBIG DISSAPOINTMENT MAXIS YOU GET 2 THUMBS DOWN : -LRB-
 The Sims 2 ... one of the most -LRB- if not the most -RRB- amazing game for the computer ever invented . The Sims 2 Pets ... almost identical to the former , with the exception of doggies , kitties , birdies , and creatures that resemble hamters . Yes , the cat/dog life cycle is wonderfully realistic , the sim-animal relationship heart-warming , and the selection of breeds plethoric , but there are no real changes in the game . I personally find this game mildly amusing , but you ca n't DO anything but have pets . You buy a house , get a job , and raise some kids ; the only difference between this expansion pack and the original Sims 2 is that there 's an extra mouth to feed.Teaching your pets right from wrong is a nice touch , though it can get a little annoying to have to drop everything to tell Fluffy not to scratch the furniture or Fido to take it outside . I found my sims not having enough time to themselves , slowly withering away until I finally just got rid of the damn pets.The one thing that was really useful was the `` destroy-all '' button , the hammer-shaped tool that lets you dispose of anything without having to switch from wallpaper to lamps to fences . It helps when you 've done something horribly wrong and ca n't delete an object by normal means.There was also another new tool
 I like that there are pets , but I do not feel that the expansion is as much fun as the Sims 1 `` Unleashed '' expansion . I miss the harvestable plants , lizards , and bunnies . The new pet genetics are pretty cool , although I dislike that I can not make new coat markings or pet accessories.My first serious complaint is a huge problem with the Create-a-Sim feature . If you make `` human '' Sims in CAS , then try to add pets to the same family , your Sims will revert to the hideous EA Games face templates . I have to make my Sims families and Pets families separately , then move them into the same lot.I have also had to turn off aging on any household with a pet , since a Sim entering a new life stage will revert to a EA Games template.As you may have gathered , I do n't like the look of the EA Games Sims at all . I rely heavily on fan-created custom content -LRB- custom content is encouraged by EA Games - if you check the EA Games site , you will see that they host a file exchange forum -RRB- . Another problem I have encountered is that the game will delete custom content that is n't compatible with Pets , instead of merely letting items exist without the brand-new interactions . I have a medieval-themed neighborhood I can no longer play because I worry that the program will start deleting fan-created items from my lots.There are further problems
 I 've waited months for this game to come out . I got it the first day and was SO excited . But , this game takes up SO much memory on my computer and i have to sit there and wait soo long for all the menus to load ... loading a game , create a pet , create a family ... it 's just not so fun anymore due to extreme lag and constant loading . Obviously , its not JUST the pets game , if you have every other Expansion Pack before it then you would have problems . I do n't know why EA keeps creating more and more expansion packs to fill up your WHOLE drive , its fun , but its getting more insane with the lag!But other than that , it is a real let-down . This game was very over-rated . It is a ton of a lot better than Unleashed for regular Sims , but there is nothing to do once you have a pet . My experience was : `` Yay ! I got a pet ! '' `` All right ! I taught it some tricks ! '' `` Cool ... it had ONE puppy/kitten '' `` Ok , it has a job '' `` Umm ... NOW what ? `` I do n't even get any more pets because it makes the house SO hectic ! Every pet gets in the way of the house AND the gameplay . I 'd have to stop what I 'm doing and go tell it NOT to rip up furniture ? * sigh *
 Pets are cute at first . Kittens and puppies eventually grow into cats and dogs . However , the pets are annoying and scratch up your furniture . You can buy a bird cage , but if you do n't feed it , the bird eventually dies . Dogs and cats can be bred and have litters , but they take three Sim days to do so -LRB- if there 's a hack to speed that up , I could n't find it -RRB- . Dogs and cats come out at night and dig up holes in your front lawn and scare off other pets . Adds a lot of modern furniture.Not worth it ! My Sims could of lived perfectly fine without pets . After you install this expansion , they only want to buy and train pets . I wish I had n't wasted my time .
 Cute and fun , but I could n't combine Pets and Seasons on my computer.However , the biggest problem with Pets is that whenever any member of the house , including pets , is home and awake , time runs on normal . This includes days and night when humans are working or sleeping , but a pet is awake . Unfortunately when I fast forward the time , my computer tends to crash . Not worth it to me , sorry Pets . I still love you but you 've been uninstalled1
 The Sims 2 Pets game has tooooo much foul language to be fun for anyone in the entire house within hearing range.Yuck .
 This game is not for kids , I played it before I gave it to my kids . Things move to slow and the controls are a pain in the -- .
 Very glitchy -- crashes even with patch available online . Lot 's of options that appears to be meaningless to game play -- hard to say for sure . User interface is difficult , which is too bad , since I was hoping my little boys would enjoy this . I finally trudged through the bad UI , the lack of instructions , etc , and finished a `` project '' , only to be given no score , no congratulations , no acknowledgment that the goals were successfully completed . I think the developers -LRB- Bold Games -RRB- ran out of money , and just pushed the product out the door .
 Not only are the designs poor but there are a lot of glitches too . If there real life equipment was this bad they would have been out of business years ago . They are also very bad about game instructions . Save your money for something good . No John Deere stuff unless it is in the real world .
 So , I 'd heard both good and bad things about Primal . I bought a really cheap copy so I would n't waste too much money , just to be safe , but to tell you the truth , I wish I had n't spent that $ 3 bucks.Yes , the graphics are pretty good , if nothing new ; and yes , it is very tempting to parade around as a little midget gargoyle dude , but it 's just not worth the first 45 minutes of the game.It is so incredibly boring to start out with , I 'd recommend it to anyone with insomnia or other serious sleeping disorder . 10 minutes in and you 'll be fast asleep . If you can , through some miracle or act of witchcraft , stay awake long enough for the game to pick up slightly , you 're still not out of the not-so-proverbial woods . Very , very slowly , almost like watching grass grow , you 'll notice some increased action/excitement , but just when it starts to get mediocre , it 's over.Despite the Yawn factor , the midget a la gargoyle makes the game . Hell , I could have done without the girl all together . Most of their banter is forced , and you just want to shout at the screen `` Gee , thanks Mr. and Mrs. Obvious ! '' . However , if you get into that special place where you are very easily entertained , play it for the sole purpose of watching a bit of `` Waddling Gargoyle Walk . ''
 I was very disapointed in this game . I bought it and was excited but found out fast that it was n't at all what I thought it would be . You have hardly any control over your charactor . You ca n't jump or climb , the computer does it all !! You can only move your charactor -LRB- s -RRB- and when you get to the right spot the computer moves them for you . The fighting ... to , had some cool moves but nothing to write home about . I was very saddened for the graphics where great and so is the story but I like action and being able to explore with my charactor .
 I bought this game after reading all of the reviews on here . I thought , wow , super , this game will be awesome . I played it for an hour and was bored ... maybe this just is n't the type of game for me . Maybe I should have given it another try . Maybe it really is horrible . All I have to say is rent it . Save your money . Do n't be stupid like me .
 The combat system in this game is sad , slow and clunky . In a the modern age of better , more smooth combat systems , this one is depressingly bad . I can typically tough it out for an interesting storyline , but I had to put this one down . Definitely not recommended .
 In this game you play as Jen , a heavy metal girl who 's boyfriend has been kidnapped and taken to the `` demon realms '' . Jen is taken to these realms by Scree , a gargoyle , and told that she must restore order to the realms in order to save her boyfriend . There are four of these realms , and the graphics are very good , the environments are very creative , and there 's a lot of exploring to do.The first realm is mostly a forest at night , though there is also a city , coliseum , underground caverns , etc. . I did n't care for this realm too much , it 's very maze-like and I spent the whole time having no idea where I was supposed to go or what I was supposed to do when I got there . The second realm is underwater , and you 'll spend the whole time swimming . It 's also very tough to navigate as you have to go from place to place and it 's a big puzzle as far as how to get there . At least the mission was straightforward , you have to achieve a number of objectives one after another . The third realm was by far my favorite , you travel through an incredibly gloomy village and eventually wind up in a marvelous castle . It was worth it for the scenery alone . The fourth realm was so-so , it 's a bunch of underground volcanic caverns and you 'll spend a lot of time trying to get from one place to another . The challenge in this level is fun though.Probably the biggest problem with the game is the combat - it 's the most basic button mashing imaginable . Just press R2 , over and over and over . By the end of the final boss battle I though the middle finger on my right hand was going to fall off . You basically get one weapon on each level and use it throughout , so there 's absolutely no strategy when it comes to combat . Though to be fair , in the third realm you could run away from your enemies , then get a powerup from your gargoyle pal , kill one enemy , get another powerup , repeat until they 're all dead.The story is another problem - you start out trying to save your boyfriend , but spend the whole game trying to restore order to the demon realms , which does n't seem to have much to do with the original story setup , and left me feeling totally uninvolved . They should have just ditched all the boyfriend stuff and instead come up with a different setup that would have made more sense and been more relevant.Overall , good graphics and characters , lots of -LRB- often frustrating -RRB- exploring , and repetitive combat . It 's a pretty game and some portions of it are certainly quite fun to play , but overall the bad outweighs the good .
 Folks , if you were going to purchase Primal to fill that adventure/exploration gap in your PS2 life , save your time and money . While Primal did add some interesting twists on explorative/gothic gameplay , it still falls short of being a title worthy of hard earned cash . Interesting and often beautiful environments are a plus here ... but the figthing system is lame and repetitve , and the puzzles hardly merit mention . There is no sense of addictive fun or excitement in Primal . - The stop and start brawls with easy-to-kill monsters gets old really fast . This game is mostly comprised of clever cut-scenes and too much walking around . ...
 game tries to be `` cool '' but falls way flat . the main girl voice actor is incredibly annoying , its the first time i ever skipped cut scenes i hadnt seen before . her dialog is just so lame , they tried sooo hard to make this game `` hip '' , but ended up being about as hip as my grandmother doing the macarena
 I was really having fun with this game . The graphics are pretty good and it kept me going , trying to figure out where to go and what to do . It gets sort of tedious after awhile having to go back and forth and fighting is sort of dull , but I did enjoy playing it . I started running into glitches once I got into the second world . I hade to restart once because for some reason I got stuck in some `` nowhere zone '' with no way out . Then right after I fight the boss and save , I go to the top of this tower where only the other character `` scree '' can get to . The only problem is , I can not select him no matter what I do . So needless to say , I 've come all this way for nothing so I am very disapointed indeed .
 This game has gorgeous graphics ... and that 's all . What 's wrong ? 1 . You have very little control over your character . You ca n't do anything but walk for the longest time . Once you finally get a knife , you have very simple attacks - L1 for left attack , R1 for right attack . yawn .2 . You ca n't read the damn messages because they are in font size 2 . And I could n't find a setting for this . If your TV is less than 50 '' you are going to have problems . Plus , important messages -LRB- like how to fight -RRB- pop up at inopportune times -LRB- in the middle of the fight -RRB- in the small font size so you end up missing them entirely .3 . No clear concept of what the hell you 're supposed to do next . Nothing . You can press triangle and talk to the other main character . For this action you will get a simple one line `` hint '' and spend the next 15 minutes wandering around , waiting to stumble into the right place so the computer will take over and show you another cinema.I feel bad for the development team on this game ... obviously they spent a lot of time and money on the graphics but they overlooked the basics that make a game enjoyable , hell even playable . Rent this one , do n't buy it . After renting you wo n't -- want -- to buy it.If you want to play a game that delivers on the promises of this one -- dark , gothic , kick ... graphics and environments , awesome fighting -- go buy Soul Reaver -LRB- 1 or 2 , both are excellent , but the first was more enjoyable . -RRB- This game does not live up to the hype . It does n't even meet minimal expectations for a video game .
 I ordered one of these and it was warped . I had to use a dremmel tool to make it fit . The drawer got stuck on it . Almost sounded like my motor was going to fry . I suggest not purchasing this item .
 It broke after a couple of weeks , my son was disappointed in his Christmas present .
 While this version for the super nintendo does have many more questions and such than the version for the original nintendo it loses its novelty fairly quickly . I really would n't recommend this game , as if you 've played it once , you will most likely be getting many of the same puzzles as previous play throughs . It is n't very fun when you know what the answer is before any clues are given . I do n't know why you want to collect this game , and that is the only reason I can think of to get it . 2 stars because of repetition , which leads to low replay value , which makes it pretty boring even when played with friends .
 Despite my best efforts the game does n't run and yes , my PC is compliant with the software . Rubbish QED
 it looked like it would be a nice wireless controller ... problem was it never worked!Couldn ' t get a connection signal from the base unit and they were out of stock when I tried to exchange .
 It may seem like a cool idea to have a wireless controller , but this one just does n't work right . The battery pack does n't fit into the controller , it comes loose and does n't recharge , and you ca n't play with it plugged in either because the plug keeps coming loose ! I 'd give it ZERO stars if that option were available .
 After two ground-breaking games that re-defined the concept of adventure gaming , Roberta Williams ' `` King 's Quest '' series took a bit of a dip with the third installment , as both randomness and the time factor served to cramp the explorers feel to the series -LRB- e.g. just wandering around and figuring things out as you go -RRB- . Unfortunately , this fourth game in the series did not learn from the mistakes of the past.The plot of this game focuses on Rosella , the daughter of King Graham , who must venture to a far away land to retrieve a magical piece of fruit that can cure her ailing father . It seems like another great KQ setup , but once again the time element ruins it . This time , Williams introduces `` real time '' , where some puzzles can be solved only in the nighttime or daylight hours . Just like in part three , this serves to make the game an agonizing race against the clock , not a wide open adventure.I have always considered this game to be the low point of the series , although it did introduce some better graphics and the key implementation of the sound game , which provided a much richer audio experience .
 the Fun Factor is almost non existent . not worthy of a purchase even at the cheap price it sells for . 2 stars .
 I purchased KOTOR as the first game to go along with my new Intel-based iMac . However , neither the product packaging , the Aspyr website , or any other site selling this game mentioned that it is functionally incompatible with an Intel-based processor . As a result , it will lock up , suffer major graphics and gameplay issues , and be completely unplayable . When contacted , Aspyr -LRB- the game maker -RRB- said that they were aware of the problem but would not provide any support , despite the fact that their own website has no mention of this incompatibility.It 's too bad . It looked like a great game . Unfortunately , it 's a complete waste of money for anyone with a new Mac .
 Star Wars
 I was dissapointed with this game . This game follows the same traditional format . The game takes you by the hand and basically leads you sequentially through a series of events . You get a series of dialog boxes to choose what to say , I hate this it is so old could n't they do away with all the boring dialog boxes . I do not like the controls or the way combat is done in this game.Star War Galaxies is 200 times better in my opinion . Despite all the terrible reviews and complaints about players no other game comes close to the total star wars experience than Star War Galaxies . As much as people complain about the Jedi system and how terrible the Jedi look in SWG , it is way better than the Jedi system in this game.Nothing origonal in this game same old cookie cutter format , same old taking player by the hand and guiding them through every step without much freedom of thought on his own . This game is like an old game made 10 years ago with an updated graphic engine . Even the graphics in this game are poor compared to games with similar system requirements.Finally my last complaint . Why did I decide to buy this game for the Mac instead of the PC ? I do n't know I thought since It was on the Mac it would be more stable and more enjoyable to play . What a joke ! Right after I installed the game it crashes on startup . I search the internet and find out this a common problem with OS X Tiger , and I need to patch the game with an update in order for the game to work . The performance of this game is horrible ! My mac mini meets all the system requirements and this game runs painfully slow in higher resolutions and higher detail settings . The mac version is over double about 2.5 times the cost of the PC version and it does n't perform nearly as well as the PC version ! What a rip off , how come they ca n't write better code for the mac version ? how come they ca n't better utilize Altivec ?
 I had been waiting for over a year to get this game for my G4 Mac and the day it finally arrived I was eccstatic . I knew my computer met the requirements -LRB- or so I thought -RRB- so I figured I 'd have no problem . The requirements on the box said 256 MB RAM required -LRB- 512MB RAM recommended -RRB- . Well I had 256MB but I did n't mind the thought of playing the greatest game of all time on lower video/sound settings . So I popped in the CD and immediately in the first `` scene '' of the game the video was choppy and characters were stuttering to get their words out . Just a tap on one of the movement buttons either froze the character or sent him `` teleporting '' to the other side of the room . Now I suppose this is playable if you wish to spend months alone navigating the first level with incomprehensible controls . I had no other applications running at the time and all of the game settings were set AS LOW AS POSSIBLE . The box really needs to say 512MB RAM required to play . I am very disappointed . This entire situation is very similiar to when MacPlay released the much awaited Alien Vs. Predator 2 . I am most disappointed .
 Although I remember this being a great game when I played it on my original xbox a couple of years ago , the game would not stop crashing on my perfectly fine computer . There was supposedly a patch released so that the game would run on intel-based macs , but this did not prevent the game from crashing.Worth buying only if you have a non-intel mac : - -LRB-
 Although there was a patch released to supposedly get this game working on Intel macs , the game repeatedly crashed on my computer . I remember playing the game on xbox , and it is definitely worth playing if you have an older mac , but not if you have an intel based computer .
 Even with tech support , from the game manufacturer , we could not get the graphics to display properly although the sound works .
 aspyr does n't mention anywhere on the site that it does n't work with the `` new '' intel processors . I figured that because they were newer the game still works . Unfortunately , this is n't true . I downloaded a patch that was also completely ineffective . Because the game itself is great , I ended up downloading it from the app store , but have n't had luck reselling the useless disc that was sent to me . Beware
 I have played the Lucas Arts games clear up to Jedi Academy , but this game really sucked . The controls were terrible , the sorry line weak , the environment choppy and looked incomplete . I played for 2 hours in the hopes that the game would get better or more intuitive , but it just went from bad to worse . The action sequences were slower and more scripted than a board game . I do not recommend this game to anyone , unless you really want a cumbersomely poor graphic experience .
 The game continued to crash and game play was difficult with the computer keyboard controls . Do n't waste your time with this computer game just get a PS3 or PS2 .
 I am not impressed woth this game . Poor graphics , poor gameplay , and not very fun . No one will really enjoy this title , as it is just not very fun . It is fustrating , and there is not enough replay value . Maybe this will work on the Game Boy Advance , but it sure does n't fly here .
 I 'm a veteran of PC EQ , the game was great for about the first year or so , then , after hitting 50 + , the game got old-really fast . ... One complaint for the PC version , and I have heard it is about the same on the PS2 version . Names , think of a good fantasy name , add a few extra letters , mix two different objects , whatever works for you . And then spend half an hour trying to get the ... server to accept the names . If you play PS2 EQ , you should probably get broadband , the PC version was HORRIBLE with dial-up . If you 're in a fight and you get lag ... boom , you die . Unless you have some nice buffs on.Bottom Line
 Whew , what can I say ? This is the first Massive Multiplayer Online Role Playing Game -LRB- MMORPG -RRB- , to be on any home console and I have to say it is one of the worst out there . As with any other MMORPG you create an account and pay your monthly fee . Next you create a character and log into the huge massive world . Perhaps the massive world is the only thing I liked about this game , as it was always a pure joy to just walk around and seek out new life and new civilizations , to boldy go where no other Everquest nerd has gone before ! Honestly though I did find it fun and enjoyable to walk around the world . Anway , once you make your character you do missions or `` quests '' in which you complete tasks and are awarded Experience Points -LRB- XP -RRB- . XP points get your character levles . Once each new level is obtained , it takes more XP to get to the next one . The advantage of getting to a higher level is that you can
 Sony says this game has been cancelled as of earlier in 2012 . so if you buy this , you will not be able to play it . You would need to download the PC version if you want to play the game , the playstation version is now useless .
 This game is addictive & costly . Hard to cancel once they bill you . You are stuck till it is time to renew and then you had better catch it before it is renewed or you are stuck again . If you own this & have 2 kids who play , each one has to pay a monthly fee ... from the same home !
 Ok folks . Listen up . This is a hardcore PC gamer talking to ya : I have been playing EverQuest for about three years on the PC . It 's a great game and still has newcomers and serrious players that join in the fun . I personally am not a huge gamer , so i do n't spend THAT much time on stuff like that , however I know a good game when I see one . I harassed my friend for ages when he first bought the PS2 version of the game , and then I went over to check it out for myself.Most of what I found was devestating . They 've had , what ... four or five years to make the graphics BETTER for this game , the worlds MORE expansive , the connection compatability better , yet all they do is an immitation of an otherwise great PC game ! Face it , EQ is four or five years old ! During that time span , they could have DEFINATELY improved the game instead of using the same engine and making different quests . If you own the PC version , shun this game forever ... Most console gamers probably would n't enjoy a game like this , anyway .
 This was fun until i ran into billing problems , where i was being billed over and over again , for unused months . I called CS dpt , and the CS agent would NOT let me contact the billing department , so solve my billing problem . Sony made no attempt to resolve my dispute with them . After buying $ 50modem , $ 20keyboard , $ 50 game , $ 10 service charge , and $ 50 stolen from my bank account , AND POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE !!! Buy XBOX live !
 This company sent an unusable game . I must send the game back for a refund.three e-mails for an address.And , I am waiting for a game to see if I like it .
 I bought this game back in April of 2003 , and beta tested the game in its third stage . Today August of 2003 I cancelled my account for the game . This game just failed to hook me . People everywhere say this game has the power too keep you glued to your TV screen for hours sometimes days . I can honestly say after playing the game that I never once felt this magical game pulling me towards my tevelvison.Drawback # 1 PRICE
 Successful in theory , not in execution .
 I played Everquest . I never had a single good experience with the good folks at Sony Online Entertainment . The people that bring us Everquest and Everquest Online Adventures . While the game had it 's good points , and was occasionally fun , I do n't think it is worth the risk.The computer game still has bugs that were listed as bugs by beta testers , years after beta was done with and several expansions later . When there is a problem with the game it is always a problem with your setup , never with their funky/broken code . I would expect these problems to be less frequent with the PS2 version , but I would probably be disappointed.I have to agree with the person who said to wait and play Final Fantasy XI . That is what I plan to do . I wo n't throw any more money at SOE , it is a lost cause .
 I have the online adapter and you know most games u play online are free.This game isnt free online.Who wants to pay 20 dollers a month just to play this game ?? If u want to play a fun online game that dosnt cost money i recomend madden 2004 . You think you might can have fun with it regular ... you cant play it regular.Like i say who wants to pay 20 dollers a month just to play this game ?
 Talk about a game that came and went without anyone noticing . The video game market is cut throat and many games need a large investment for development and marketing . For those wondering what this game is all about , I hope I can help.First off , it is a racing/shooting game . There are five levels where you are being chased and have to speed your way to safety . There are four shooting levels -LRB- plus a level that is , like , 26 seconds or so -RRB- where you use your assigned gun/missile launcher to blow away cars , trucks , helicopters , or whatever is chasing you.The gimmick of this game is that you are shooting a movie . After each `` scene '' you can view the replay and decide if you want it to be saved for your feature film . Before each level in the game there is a cutscene which transitions you to the next scene . These cutscenes are a strange combination of digitalized video and computer graphics . Also , the developers made the totally bizarre decision to film one set of actors and then have all of their voices dubbed over by other people in a studio . What 's up with that ?!! Anyway , the gameplay is more important than the video segments , right ? Well , the fact that there are only nine levels -LRB- plus that really short 26 sec . level -RRB- hurts this game a tremendous amount . Double that number and I would 've been a lot more impressed . Now that the price is a lot lower , however , it is not as much of an issue . You start out with five vehicles and can earn more later after you have beaten the Story Mode . The vehicles are all actual vehicles -LRB- mostly GM products -RRB- and the more you damage them the worse they look . This is n't one of those games where you bounce off of everything and your car never changes.The levels where you are being chased are quite fun and compare favorably to other racing games . The shooting levels do n't fare as well . They are quite tedious and simply consist of you shooting cars/Hummers/helicopters rushing toward your vehicle . If you are proficient at this type of game , you can actually beat the Story Mode in under an hour -LRB- ouch ! -RRB- . The good news is that it unlocks a Challenge Mode where you have to attempt to fulfill certain requirements -LRB- such as keeping your health meter above 95 % on all driving levels -RRB- . I appreciate the attempt at increasing the replay value but all you will end up doing is playing the same 10 levels over and over and over again . Each level is only about 2 or 3 minutes long so the total game experience ends up feeling rather thin . I enjoyed the game for a few hours but it has no multiplayer or Live features and it 's a title you might be bored with after just one weekend of playing . Hope this has helped !
 This toy comes apart very quickly . It 's just a toy to look at . The parts are very small and this toy is way overpriced for the quality .
 This is a horrible toy that keeps breaking . This is the first day that we 've had it and it is an 11 year old who bought it , not a little child who is rough on their toys . My Son is so upset that he actually bought this with his own money and it is made SOOOO poorly .
 My son got this figure for Christmas and was very disappointed in it . It is extremely small for a high price and whenever he tries to play with it parts fall off . I will not buy from this company again .
 I bought this game due to the cheap price , but the game does not work at all on Vista . It does go through the intro movies and menu ok , but the actual game has the graphics all screwed up . The peoples necks stretch at a angle to the floor ! I have a 8800 GTX card , but there is absolutely no patches for this game . I may have to dig out my five year old XP PC to play this game .
 Terrible mechanics stop this game dead in it 's tracks
 This product can be sold for 14.99 at stores . I see that the current price listed on this site is 99.99 . Do n't get ripped off . Buy this product at a store if you want it .
 I finished the game a mere 8 hours after purchasing it . May be more fun online but the storyline part of the game is way to short . And it seems as the higher you get the worse your car 's handling becomes . Blacklist was ten times better and Underground 2 was 5 times better . There are a decent amount of cars and customization but the gameplay is really lost in this one . The idea for Carbon Canyon was good but I find that there are certain aspects of the canyon that are just stupid . If you skip a race and come back to it later they still have the same car and if you are driving a Lamborghini you can not overtake them . And they never crash off the cliff and you can not make them crash . When playing in co op mode half the time in the upper levels my team-mates cost me races by stopping in front of me or by taking short cuts that get me hit by other cars or the short cut slows me down . The game is only 10 % of what it should be .
 we expect more in this game , but it did n't work , very dissatisfied ! ! I do n't recommend to any body to buy this game .
 I loved Everyone of the Need For Speed Games and was excited that a new edition was out . That did not last too long . I did love how easy the cars drive . I can put on the nitrous and never wipe out . Cars move out of the way and in races are not on the road like previous editions . I have yet to see a crash of any kind . As of now I do n't know if you can crash . Which in a way is nice because you do n't have to wait and watch that . Riding around free roam is senseless it is nothing like Most wanted which is still fresh in my head because I just played it in the summer . It 's boring . Might as well just skip to events . Although I have sped around , I have never been pursued by cops . The gameplay is lacking . Scenery is disappointing . Dark and so far I have n't seen any off-road spots . Like riding through a golf course , etc. . Visually Most wanted was way better . So far it is almost impossible to lose a race . Either I win or my crew member wins . Crew members suck . They get in the way and no matter if you have a faster car and use continuous nitrous through the race they will be ahead of you most of the time . Even other racers are n't far behind . I like to use the unlimited nitrous cheat because driving fast is the only thrill of this game and maybe I 'll win it soon and be put out of my misery until the next edition of Need for Speed comes out . I would not buy this game at this price . Wait for it used or until the price drops .
 Game would not load - screen repeatedly came up to trial version completed - if you want to buy for 19.99 order here . No phone number to call . Website deadend . Very frustrating !!!! Do n't waste your money .
 I 've run some of these machines in real life , and I must say this game gets really close in some ways , but it also misses hilariously in other ways.For a start , you must be able to come up with your own ideas , as there are only ten game missions -LRB- with three levels of difficulty -RRB- . There are a few issues with the machines I have as well . For one , it 's not seven machines , it 's five ; two of the machines have attachments . I find the missions that are included to be rather simple and quick . If you like the action to move along , you should like this one.Do not look for jobs like removing and installing septic tanks , or leveling a piece of hilly terrain , for you will not find such a creature in this game , unless you pick a spot to do it in the free play -LRB- more on that in a moment -RRB- . The machines are excellent visually , and the terrain is also excellent . When you break ground , you do away with grass and bring up brown dirt . When you dump dirt on the ground , it mounds up nicely . And if you accidentally get too close a hole you just dug , you will fall in and may not be able to get yourself out.The machines controls are a little clumsy at first , and I highly recommend remapping the buttons to suit your preferences , especially if you use a laptop . I use the left side of the keyboard for boom controls , and the right side for chassis control.This game has a few glaring problems . For one , there is n't enough to actually do if you like to have missions to complete . Yes , there is a great free play side , but if you desire the chance to dig out water mains or install culverts , this game will disappoint you . Doing the free play is fun , but after a while it becomes rather boring as you can not save your progress . So if you want to make a bridge over the creek , you had better have some kind of plan that permits you to sit down and do it in one shot.Another issue is that the machines do n't ` handle ' like their real world counterparts . The dozer is too fast , the crane too slow , the excavator too weak , the front loader too underpowered with the forks on , etc. . The excavator lacks power to actually pull itself into the hole , though I 've seen it done with my own eyes in real life , and the machine was n't using a quarter of the power it had . If you do somehow fall in the hole ; game over , as the machine does n't pack the grunt to help you get out unless you 're lucky enough to land in the hole with the tracks down -LRB- that 's called ` driving into the hole ' actually -RRB- . It almost seems like the game designers got it to this point and hit the end of the budget and could n't do more with it . As you first get the game , it 's like `` this game is so cool ! I wan na ____ and _____ and then I 'm gon na _____ . '' and then you discover that it 's not really possible . For instance , in free play , you can not have the dump truck and the front loader in use at the same time , so the idea of moving dirt long distances becomes a long job for the front loader . Thankfully , the loader holds the same amount of dirt as the truck . In my mind , it almost feels like the truck is there because saying it 's got four machines , and two of those have attachments would n't have sounded as good as `` 7 machines '' . Throw in a truck , say the attachments justify calling it a new machine , and then you 're in business.The game gets two stars primarily because of the willingness to try . There are n't a lot of earth moving games out there -LRB- I can think of two other mainstream games , both European -RRB- in the genre , unfortunately , this game stops far too short to create a new genre . The concept is great , but carrying it out in the program falls short . More actual jobs to do , like installing septic tanks , leveling terrain for laying slab , etc , that kind of stuff would have made this game amazing . As is , it 's a lot like being tossed the keys to a machine , pointed towards one of ten areas , and told to have fun with it . After the new wears off , it 's boring . Unfortunately , once you figure out how to work the machines -LRB- less than two hours MAX -RRB- , then you 're going to discover the fun factor wearing off rapidly . If there were more to it , even something like `` you have n't earned enough money to buy the crane yet , you need $ 500 . '' would have made this one better than current . As is , you do n't have to accomplish anything to reach the pinnacle of playerdom . You can dink around in free play , and it 's all unlocked for you without any skill required.Now , this game would be excellent for a kid , but they may have trouble keeping track of which control is worked by which button . As someone who was looking for more in the simulator line , I was disappointed.Keep in mind that as far as user created addons go , this game is an orphan . If there are addons , I 've found none , and I think a lot has to do with the name . construction destruction seems more like the name of a company rather than a game . Even then , I 've found zero fansites dedicated to the game , which means that I 've found zero user missions or user addons to spice it up . What 's in the game is all you 're going to get unless you have the technical knowhow to design your own addons . If that 's the case , go a step farther and make your own game ! Valusoft games normally are totally driven by user mods , but this one either was n't good enough to generate interest , or it 's too complex to do.It 's a fun game , but after the new wears off , it 's nothing special . The end result just falls to short to kickstart the heavy equipment game market .
 This is suppose to be a cheap , simple kids game . It is n't any game at all . The control buttons do n't work , and it quickly crashes my computer . -LRB- I have a P4 with XP that works well on everything else -RRB- . There is no exit button , and control/alt/delete will not even get me out of this mess . So , I have to turn off the power to my computer -LRB- not a good thing -RRB- , just to get out of it . I downloaded the patch for it . It does n't help . This is another `` value soft '' product that seems to mean garbage , does n't work , do n't bother , and buy something else .
 I have n't received my order . I was supposed to get before Christmas . It 's now January 13 and I still have received this game .
 Were these morons tripping on acid when they made this game?This game is piss pore ! And I 'll give you a hole list of reasons not to buy this game.These are true FACTS!First off.Anyone with a brain stem knows that the game was rushed so Midway can plop out another game for Xbox before switching consoles , so that way they can screw you over just little bit further.Second
 Paid for video game but never received it . Very disappointed that there is no way to report items that get paid for but never received .
 This game is not compatiable with Xbox 360 ... do not buy unless you stillown your old Xbox !!!
 Could have been good but it crashes too often . Also too many places where the game takes over the characters movement . Too many places where you should be able to go but ca n't . Too many silly characters who take too many shots before they fall . Fine if they had amour but right in the head ? Too many times your feet are glued and you have to dodge bullets . Too many places where the cut scene can not be bypassed . As I type my PlayStation is frozen solid because of this game . Yes I have the update . There are other problems but I can not remember them right now .
 bought this game on the back of being a big John Woo/Chow Yun Fat fan . It seemed really good at first , although the graphics on the cut scenes are a bit lazy in terms of details . Diving around and using precision bullets is fun for a while but it soon gets tedious . The whole gameplay becomes shooting infinite amounts of rather dull AI baddies who just appear from nowhere after you walk over a partucular point . The bad guys do n't move much , they just stand and shoot and there are far too many of them . This is OK if you are watching a John Woo film but is rather boring if you have to kill armies of drones just to progress to the next stage where you encounter the same again.I tried the online part but cound not find any game rooms after trying several times over a few days so I ca n't say if the online gameplay is any better .3 stars are for the initial impression but general gameplay is disappointing .
 Dumb story . Terrible gameplay . Awful controls . Good graphics . Tries way too hard to rip off the Dead to Rights series . John Woo needs to stick to what he does best ... hard boiled action flicks . Leave video games to the professionals . Stranglehold would have made a better movie . I would not touch this game again with a ten foot pole . Everytime I see this game for such a cheap price in stores I want to reach for it , but turn and walk away because I remember how bad it is . What a shame a next-gen game turned out to be such a waste . I remember seeing screen shots for it a long time ago and thought it looked game . Surprise ! It looks better on paper , and plays just as good too .
 Stranglehold for the PC is the best version . The PS3 somehow managed to mess up everything that made this game the best . One
 So I made the mistake of buying this game without checking it out first . Big mistake . It does start out good with an interesting storyline , but after running around the bland repetitive country side and running into the 58th random encounter and listening to the bad acting and watching the painted on armor instead of it being modeled , well , it just gets really old . I did n't try the original one , so I ca n't compare it with this version , but from what I 've read , it 's even worse than this . If you want a really good RPG , try Gothic . That one is Awesome ! This one is ... well ... boring .
 Well the game is fun to play up until the point of trying to exit the first town . Note that I have done everything quest wise and upon exiting the west gate of fargrove the game crashes . I bought this version hoping it would not have any bugs like the first release . I am in Iraq right now and do not have internet access to download patches so I had my wife send me the collectors edition hoping it would solve my problem . It did not fix it . This game although fun to play has serious problems when it comes to crashes . I would have thought that this game being a collectors edition would have been near flawless in play . This game is truly a collectors edition for folks collecting unplayable games . It went right into my footlocker until I get home and can patch the game .
 The original Dungeon Lords was released a year before it was ready . Now you get DL-Collector 's Edition , and I -LRB- the dummy that I am -RRB- decided to try it again.The game does NOT run on any laptop/notebook computers . It does not run on a third or more of desktop systems . Instead it will flash for two seconds and then go back to Windows without a word . The reason - they only support a very small subset of video cards , and no notebook cards at all . And you have to dig through the Dreamcatcher web site to figure this out , it 's nowhere in the documentation or readme.So maybe they 've improved it , but now it does n't work anyway . And once again it goes back - at least I only wasted a few minutes on it this time . DO N'T BUY THIS GAME UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES !
 Dreamweaver 's handling of this whole mess was seriously screwed up . They release a product that is an insult to the gaming community . Then they have the nerve to add some more stuff and release a ` collector 's edition ' . I 'm not a collector I 'm a consumer . I was robbed by their first product which is more like an undergrad programmer 's final project -LRB- on which he got a 'D ' -RRB- . Do n't buy this game and have nothing to do with this product line . Seriously reconsider before buying any of Dreamweaver 's future products.They did n't drop the ball on this one , they threw it in our faces trying to give us bloody noses .
 Dungeon Lords Collector 's Edition is a waste of money . You will not enjoy it . You will feel robbed and you will be angry enough to write warnings such as this . Please , DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME !
 How could this game be release yet again with so many bugs ? Has anyone from Dreamcatcher actually played it ? Something is wrong here ... I waited until they could fix it -LRB- i.e. Collectors edition -RRB- , hoping for the decent RPG it could of been , and this is their best ? Someone has to lose a job here , because this is a complete failure . The physics are off , the game crashes , and locks up ! The sound effects are terrible , the game play is clumsy . Do n't buy this game , no matter what edition . Punish them please , avoid future titles , they must never attempt this again . Note to Heuristic Park/Developers
 OK , my mistake . I thought since DW Bradley wrote it , it would be turn based . Wrong ! If you have poor hand-eye coordination like me , forget it . Otherwise , it ran fine on Win2000 , but crashed repeatedly on XP . Go figure !
 ... add a bit more content and charge $ 40 ???? I did n't see an expansion pack.I did n't see a DL2.Talk about arrogance ! For goodwill purposes to those of us who purchased DL -LRB- . . I bought it twice -RRB- , you would think the extra content would have been included in DL.Don ' t buy this game = it just reinforces the notion that game companies can put out garbage and still make moneyWe buyers have to draw the line somewhere.Buy DL , patch it to 1.4 with the whopping 139mb patch ... heck , buy it used ; teach them a lesson ... especially after this arrogant decision
 Ca n't see the forest for the Trees , that 's way Forest Lords -LRB- my new name for it what ever `` it '' is . -RRB- is so awful . The collector 's can is just a way of saying `` we 're too lazy to patch our game so we 'll just sell it in a can to you suckers who have n't bothered to buy it yet . BUY IT IN A CAN . To top this reciew off with a fuzzy beer head , so I 'll actually get posted , The only `` good '' part of this game is that it could have been so . Adverb redundancy asside , in fact , quite fankly and so on , you develope your insignificant little hapless adventurer in to a great warrior -LRB- or mage if that 's your schticK -RRB- but the only `` develpoe ment '' is in the foarm of `` Stat numbers '' which really amount to nothing at all . Strength is for heavy wheapon wielding yet not damage bonus -LRB- though it says it is at extreme levels -RRB- it , in fact , is not . The mein changes in the character creattion screen are , in fact , not `` implemented yet '' or ever . The dungeons -LRB- I have n't found em -RRB- `` have n't , quite frankly , been invented yet . '' You talk to the reps they , quite frankly , get sick of your belly acheing and rave like the luneitics they are about how , `` hard '' they worked on the game . I , quite frankly , do n't care .
 The sad thing is that this game has potential . The artistry is good , and I like the first person perspective . I like that you can advance skills without getting a new level . The story is a little tepid
 If this game is offered as freeware , do n't waste time or space downloading it . Herky jerky movement , detatched interaction : i.e. , combatant & foes do n't actually make contact , low quality graphics and illogical control functions combine to make this the worst RPG I have ever played . Starting with Well of Souls & Dink Smallwood , through the series of Diablo , Dungeon Seige , Neverwinter Nights , Baldar 's Gate , Arcanum , Sacred , Divine Divinity and most recently Fable , I have never experienced anything even remotely as disappointing as this . If there was a rating lower than 1 star this game would deserve it !
 This is a decent pool game and runs well on XP . While I have some minor complaints -LRB- for example , you can not set the sound volume , only on or off -RRB- I certainly can live with them.However , there is a option setting for ` Full Screen ' which , at least on my machine , can not be switched . The game always runs in full screen mode . I emailed On Hand Software twice about this but have not received a reply . Nice way to treat their customers , right ? Unless you find this in the clearance bin , I would avoid it .
 I have about 200 games in my collection and I 'll have to say that this is one of the most difficult to play . I have the old Splinter Cell games and enjoyed them very much but this is a whole different animal . I played this like I normally would by starting on level 2 but after a frustrating 2 missions started over on EASY . It did n't get much better so after 3 missions I turned to another game . I gave this a 2 only for the story and will try it again but only if I find myself in a situation where I have only this game to play and possibly a few hundred hours to burn up .
 I absolutely loved the older Splinter Cell games on my old Xbox . I was really looking forward to playing this newer one on the more advanced PS3 , but was sorely disappointed . No part of it lived up to the standard set by the previous games . I 'm very unhappy with the story , the controls and the visual look of this game . So sad .
 I 'm a big fan of Splinter Cell games and how well the games look , especially the newer ones like Double Agent and Conviction . My computer could hardly run the game because of how high end the graphics were , so I elected to buy the game for PS3 in hopes it the graphics would run smoothly and still be high quality . However , the graphics looked like early PS2 quality , and I just ca n't get past that . I 'm better off just buying a better PC .
 I just recently bought the Splinter Cell Hd Collection and started replaying the older ones ... which was very excellent . So I decided alright Ill get the next one Double Agent ! I got it ... I sure got it . and Let me tell you this ... No Light and Dark bar or `` seen or hidden '' infact it barely plays as a splinter cell games ... at all . This thing was a gaint BOMB . Why they redid the entire system for the newer one . . which was n't really splinter cell either . Stay away . . especially away from the PS3 version ... believe or not better to get on PS2 Xbox360 or Xbox . . but I would n't suggest getting it AT ALL .
 Let me start by saying that I have played the first three installments of Splinter Cell on my PC and I enjoyed each one . Because I refuse to use Windows anymore , I bought a Playstation 3 for games . I was looking forward to this game . I had a lot of fun with previous Splinter Cell episodes and I bought Double Agent as soon as it was available . I have been very disappointed.Load times are long . They 're not extreme , but a little too long in my opinion . There are none of the fun cut scenes or back story like in the first three episodes . The HUD has been overly simplified and does n't provide enough detail.The frame rate is terrible . The game runs slow and bogs down to a crawl any time there 's more than one character nearby or any time is any action . This is by far my biggest complaint about the game . This is supposed to be the most advanced video game console on the market and I feel like this game is running on a PS2.The graphics are nothing special . Most of the game is so dark the only time you can really see anything is with the night vision or thermal goggles on and the graphics are far from impressive through them.Controller layout is okay . I knew this would be an adjustment since I 'm used to playing these games on a PC . It did n't take me too long to get familiar with what everything does.The game just is n't fun . It seems obvious to me that it was probably ported from another platform and done so poorly . In a game where stealth and quick action combine , having the game slow down during the key sequences destroys my immersion in the game and just makes it frustrating.I suggest that you avoid Splinter Cell Double Agent on the Playstation 3 or at least rent or borrow from someone before you make a decision to buy it .
 HEy I love splinter cell and this game was great except for all the FREEZING . It froze all the time and now I can not even finish it because it FREEZES on the second level in the prison . Same place every time . It is TERRIBLE . I contacted both Ubisoft and Playstation . THey blamed eachother . Although I tend to agree with PS because not any other game I have bought has a problem . But even so Ubisoft will not take it back . So I will not buy Ubisoft games anymore until they work out there software problems . BEWARE read other websites about this and you will see I am not the only one .
 If you 've got some time to kill , get this copy or any other game . I am not too impressed to recommend this to others anyway .
 This kit is absolutely horrible . The screen protectors have scratches on them while new . The protector for the touch screen is good until you use it for about five minutes then air bubbles appear from nowhere . After that , it will get loose and curl up , making it always touching the screen more in one area so it wo n't respond to where you touch . The earphones and really short and sound horrible . Though the feature of rolling up like they do it a good idea , this entire kit is not worth buying . The car charger is the only thing that works , but there are n't that much uses for it unless you travel a lot .
 The screen protector for the lower screen , which requires the use of a stylus , is too thick , comes with no instructions and leaves bubbles when placed on the screen , effectively ruining the picture . In addition , it is VERY difficult to remove and leaves little bits of adhesive in it 's wake.The DS is an entertainment system costing a couple hundred dollars and this screen protector is so sticky I had to be careful peeling it off in order to avoid severely damaging the screen itself . Luckily the DS itself is well-made and as near as we can tell thus far , no damage was done.The final problem was with the headphones . The wires attaching the individual earphones together left about four inches where a person 's head should go . They did not pull apart and if they were meant to be there was , again , no instruction.If you want a starter kit like this , do n't waste your money , buy Nintendo certified instead .
 The screen protector just plain does not work . The touch screen does not work after putting over it . It also hardly stayed in place !! Do n't waste your $ $ !!!!
 I do n't recommend this Intec package for your Gameboy DS because it simply is n't worth it . It is a scant bundle and the products are very cheap . It is also a third party product and does not do the wonderful DS justice.I suggest using your own headphones like some others have mentioned because they are cheap . The car adapter is also unneccesary . As for the screen protectors , this is essential . The screen is easily scratched , regardless of what others will try to say . However I would not buy these film covers , as they are delicate.The point is your DS should be fine without these things , until better , hopefully Nintendo licenced , accessories come out .
 I was just about to start using this kit on my DS but when I went to my aunt 's -LRB- game freak -RRB- said not to use it because it can cause damage to my DS so the next day she took me to walmart and we looked at starter kits we finally found a offical nintendo licensed starter kit for $ 17.95 Wow offical I thougt and it comes with a case , game cases , nice headphones , Offical Nintendo screen protecters , and 3 offical Nintendo styluses 1red 1blue 1black hoped this helpLiz 11yro
 I bought 2 ds bundle with spiderman game and hard case ... spent big $ $ $ $ $ ... after trying to get the screen protecters on without air bubbles ... and no warnings ... the screens stopped responding after about a month ... only good thing about the deal was the spiderman game and the case ... all other third party items where not acceptable ... BE WARNED ... Nintendo spokes person stated ... if you try to remove screen saver and damage the screen ... you as the consumer will pay between $ 58.00 - $ 88.00 to have the screen replaced by them ... there should be a 0 star catagory ...
 I got this with my DS as part of a package . I can tell you its the most useless piece of garbage . First off the headphones had 2 right ear pieces and the retractable cord is worthless and gets tangled up easily . The covers for the screens are junk too . The one that covers up the touchpad does n't fit right and the other cover falls off and does n't stick at all . As for the car charger I have n't used it yet , but I doubt it works all that well either . Intec makes the worst accessories . Do n't even consider buying this or even if you get it with a package deal toss it out .
 Do not , I repeat , do NOT get this . I recieved a Nintendo DS for Christmas and the ` protective screen cover RUINED the bottom screen ! Gameplay is now blurred and there are bubbles on the screen . INTEC DOES NOT BELONG IN THE VIDEO GAME INDUSTRY ! BOYCOTT INTEC !
 I got this kit after I got my DS and it is horrible!First , let 's start with the screen protectors . They would n't fit and when I took them off , they got my screens all slimy ! The headphones however , are even worse . Only one earbud worked and when I was done using them , my sound would n't work for days . The only thing that worked was the charger , but that did n't make up for my DS damage .
 This kit is awful . I bought it for the sole reason of the screen protectors , but I put the bottome one on and . . BOOM , air bubbles . I could barely SEE the screen . Because of the adhesive on the `` protector '' it was really hard to get off . I was afraid that it would damage my ds , but it did n't . SO DO N'T waste money on this!I have to admit the headphones are cool , and the car adapter would work , so if you really MUST buy this , dont even touch the screen protectors .
 This is the worst thing ever invented on the world . The headphones where short and breaked when i tried to use themthe screen protector gets hard to touch and start geting bubbles and white the car charger did n't even workIT YOU BUY IT I WARNED YOU ABOUT THIS !! -LRB- i WANTED TO PUT 0 STARS -RRB-
 I would not recommend this product . For $ 5 more , you can buy an officially licensed product , which is proven to be much better quality . I 'm amazed that these companies are still selling these starter kits , as every one I 've ever purchased from the store was immediately returned.Usually , none of the items work as they are supposed to , the headphones have terrible sound , etc.Spend the extra $ 5 and get the starter kit that carries the official Nintendo seal - it 's much better quality .
 what the heck is this piece of crap ? Amazon needs rating lower then 1 . The screen protectors stink ! air bubbles everywhere and all that sticky mess if u try to take it off . The earphones work okay but some 99 cent earphones may work better . The car adapter works but i wouldnt recommend a car adapter ... geez just charge it at home . Hey if u really are a starter go ahead and buy the thing ... suckers
 The only good review of the product itself -LRB- and not actually the DS -RRB- is from somebody who gave a postitive review to almost every Intec product on eBay ... suspicious at best .
 I learned my lesson with memory cards , to only buy the gamecube ones , and it goes the same for this stuff . It was a Christmas present for my son and I knew it was n't going to work but tried it anyway . When I listened through the earbuds , you could only hear in one ear , which drives me crazy . When I returned the opened package I could only exchange it for another of the same . When it comes to buying accesories for gameboy/gamecube , always use their own items .
 Intec 's line of products really do n't hold up well , and this is no exception.Everything you get in hear besides the car charger are terrible , so just get the car charger itself . But since you probally want to know , here 's why.The screen protectors are actually a poorly made piece of cardboard that will leave a whole thing of sticky stuff behind . It 's an awful screen protector that actually fell off the first day I got it . The headphones have no bass , do n't go loud , and are uncomfortable . They broke after a week . So my advice is to get the car charger seperate , as well as some great headphones from Bose , Sony , Phillps , whatever . And as for the screen protectors , get one that costs about seven bucks , as they are expensive , but will do a great job in protecting your screem from light , and making the life of it longer.Not reccomended . Do n't waste your money , and same goes for the PSP and DS Lite versions of the starter kit . They both are the same , poor quality .
 This starter kit is ok , but the lack of instructions made it REALY confusing.The headphones were ok , but I just find those kind of headphones uncomfortable and fall out to easly.The screen protectors were confusing -LRB- I put the top screen protector on the touch screen , not knowing that it was the top screen protector and I did n't find the touch screen protector untill later that night , thinking it was just a scrap piece of cardboard -RRB- . The touch screen protector is ok once you get it on , but it scratches easly -LRB- well at least it is n't the screen it self -RRB- and the top screen protector is just un-needed . The car adaptor is the thing I liked most about this starter kit . I want to play my DS on road trips and stuff , and I was n't going to be able to play it when I first got it untill we got home , so it was good that it came with this car adaptor.Overall , the touch screen protector and car adaptor is all that this kit is good for , but the headphones are a nice addition -LRB- if they do n't fall out of your ear -RRB- .
 The car charger does not fit Nintendo Lite and the seller does not even respond to emails . I will not take my business to them again .
 I bought Driver San Fransisco . . loved it . . every aspect of the game is superb ... controllers are great and cut-scenes are short like they should be and free roam is tight ... Driver
 I own this game on PS2 and it is awesome . Not as great as the original Driver , but close . However , ON Wii , THIS GAME SUCKS because YOU CAN NOT USE ANY Wii STEERING WHEEL with this game . NO STEERING WHEELS AT ALL!ON the Wii version , THE VERY STUPID MAKERS OF THIS Wii VERSION of DRIVER PL , must have been taking drugs when thinking it would be better to use the Nanchuck for driving . Very stupid ! Wish I would have known the steering wheel was not able to use before buying this game . Anyways , I love all the Driver games on Playstation , and this Wii version was a total dissapointment . The makers of this game need to get some brains and TAKE THE ORIGINAL DRIVER GAME -LRB- from the old original PS1 system -RRB- AND PUT DRIVER 1 ON Will for use with the Wii steering wheel . Like I said , ALL the Driver games on PS & PS2 are great . Including Parallel Lines . However Wii OWNERS BEWARE ! Get this version of Driver for PS2 and NOT Wii !
 The graphic looks good compared to other Wii games . However , bad controlling scheme makes it un-playable . I ca n't reverse the car . The manual says `` Press Z-button and tilt the Nunchuck to make the car turn 360 degrees '' but it does not work at all . When the car I drove hit the wall and got stuck , I tried every movements with both the Wii controller and the Nunchuck but it was still stuck . I searched the Web for tips but none worked.After 2 days , I traded it in . It 's very frustrating . I 'm now conviced Wii controller DOES NOT WORK with ACTION games . I rented two other action games , Transformer and Dragon Quest Swords . They do n't respond properly to Wii controller either .
 Very boring game , extremely poorly made . Got sick of it after 15 minutes , havent played since . Very very repetitive . Cheap takeoff on GTA . Not even worth the $ 15 I paid for it .
 I bought this case with high hopes of keeping my DS system in mint condition . Intec made quite sure that this would be an impossible task.The metal clasp that keeps the case closed is n't reinforced on the inside , so any added pressure inadvertently scratches the cover of my DS . What I bought to protect my system ended up being the one thing that hurt it the most.Curse you Intec .
 I purchased this case because it was the only one I could find during the Christmas season . This turned out to be a total waste of money . This case is only big enough for the DS , that is it . There is no room for games or the charger . It actually has 2 openings on the bottom where my son 's games have fallen out . Save your money for a better case .
 On paper , the Logitech lap attachment for their top-notch line of force feedback wheels sounds like a must-have accessory . It also sounds a little too good to be true and unfortunately , this turns out to be the case.As others have mentioned , its fatal flaw is the design itself . It is simply too small and innately imbalanced to keep the wheel stable through any quick and/or `` big '' -LRB- i.e. hairpins -RRB- steering . Not only does it impede your use of the wheel , but also of the pedals - you 'll quickly grow tired of clinching your knees together while trying to manage the heavy-duty stop/start pedaling associated with any city street or off-road rally racing . Imagine squeezing a Thighmaster together as hard as you can while playing - oooh , fun . At least you 'll have really toned gleuts after a lot of gameplay.The lap attachment is also made of hard , slick plastic . You ca n't tell that from the photos and I 'd hoped that it would be something rubbery with some grip , but no . So , you 've also got to carefully choose your attire while playing . By now , you should be getting the point that this thing is simply more trouble than it 's worth.The only reason I give it two stars is that it can perform adequately -LRB- just barely -RRB- when racing ovals that do n't depend on jamming the pedals and working the wheel . So , NASCAR fans may find some value here , but let 's face it - Gran Turismo 4 is THE reason to buy the wheel in the first place , and this gizmo will render it almost unusable for that purpose.I 've seen others convert TV tables or large lap desks into suitable surfaces on which to clamp a Logitech wheel . I 'll be looking into that option next since the lap attachment has let me down .
 The Logitech Wheels , this lap attachment was built for , are great -LRB- especially the pro wheel I own -RRB- . Unfortunately the same ca n't be said of this attachment . The attachment is simply too small for any normal sized adult to use , and it 's uncomfortable needing to clamp onto the middle pedestal while accelerating and braking . The end result is that your wheel controller is so unstable when you 're turning that it feels like it 's about to fly off your lap . Logitech should have never released this piece of garbage.There is a good reason that you do n't see this product in many retail stores . Unless you 're buying this for a small child , save your money for a small table instead .
 I purchased this along with the Logitech force steering wheel . This thing is worthless . The portion you fit between your legs is n't long enough to securely hold itself no matter how hard you squeeze your legs together . It totally defeats the purpose of having the wheel to begin with and you completely lose the ability to drive with any sort of accuracy because it flops around so much . I used it for about an hour and threw it across the room .
 This thing is too small for anyone bigger than an eight year old . Also it is a very poor design very unstable . Needs something under your legs to hold it in place . Do not buy this you will return it .
 The lap attachment would have been incredibly useful if the base -LRB- the part that you squeeze between your legs -RRB- would have been longer . It seems like it would be better suited for a child . If you are over 6 ' tall and weigh over 200 lbs. , you probably would be better off trying to clamp your Driving Force wheel to a table.I sincerely hope that Logitech redesigns the next lap attachment with full-grown adults in mind .
 I bought this along with the steering wheel for my husband . I thought it would be perfect because he sits in front of the tv in a rolly chair to play his games . Not so good . Not very stable for steering . He complains that it slides out from between his legs and seems like to much work to hang on to .
 When I saw this I thought it was the perfect solution to holding my PS2 driving wheel -LRB- Since I do not have it close to a table -RRB- . I was wrong this just makes its bulky and even more difficult to hold , not at all what I expected . Truth be told the best thing for a true driving experience -LRB- in your living/family room -RRB- is a playseat , but at three hundred bucks , a TV table may be the best value !
 Poor product overall . This attachment is supposed to allow lap placement , which it does , but moves around far too much when manipulating the pedals and turning sharply . You find yourself squeezing your thighs together to keep the wheel steady . I can not recommend this product .
 Poor design !! The bottom of the unit where it connects to the steering wheel has uneven hard plastic pieces that irritate the thighs after using the system for a while . You also must stabilize the unit by holding your thighs together as opposed to other manufacturers that drape over your lap . I guess in a way you can get some `` thigh master '' exercises at the same time your playing a game .
 the delivery stimate was from 7 - 11 December ... still nothing !!!! that 's how `` fast '' the delivery was ... veeery disapponting ...
 This game while it should be an extremely fun game is absolutely marred by some of the worst programing the psp has ever seen . If you own a psp slim , DO NOT BUY THIS GAME , it will freeze up on you . Simply put if you want to buy a game that does not work right then Driver '76 is for you , if you want to save your hard earned cash and put it towards another worthwhile psp game that you can actually play , the psp has a vast library of worthwhile titles .
 EVER HERE THAT SONG FREEZE FRAME FROM J GILES BAND , SHOULD HAVE BEEN IN THE SOUND TRACK , WHY , CAUSE THATS ALL THE DAME GAMES GOOD FOR FREEZING ... I TRIED 3 COPYS , 2 USED , 1 NEW , ALL THE SAME , KNOW WHY WELL IF YOU CALL COUSTOMER SERV TEC THEY SAY ITS UR MEMORY CHIP , ITS UR PSP , WE NEED TO TEST UR COPY WE PLAY IT HERE ALL THE TIME ... BUT ON THEIR WEB SITE YOU CAN FIND IN THEIR OWN WORDS IT WAS MADE FOR THE OLD PSP , NOT SLIM ... KINDA LIKE XBOX 360 WONT PLAY DEAD TO RIGHTS 2 , BUT PLAYS DEAD TO RIGHTS 1 , HMM ... ANYWAYS IF YOU HAVE A PSP SLIM DONT BUY THIS GAME , DONT BUY THIS GAME ANYWAYS , GOOD LUCK IF YOU DO ...
 I loved the original Defender of the Crown that came out 20 years ago for the Amiga . The whole point of the original was to make you feel like you were in a movie . It was ahead of it 's time with great graphics , sound and story line . The remake of this title has none of this.If you are like me and wanted this title to relive the past , forget it . It s a poor copy of the original . The game play is horrible , there is no story line , the sound and graphics are sub-par . You would think with 20 years of new technology that they would be able to produce a game at least equal to the original ? Who ever brought back the Cinemaware name has no clue what made their game great in the 80 's .
 This game is pretty short and goofy , to be sure . Winning overall has n't been too tough , as the AI seems to pull punches a lot . Multiple difficulty levels would probably have been a good idea.But it 's kinda fun . It 's basically a series of mini-games which involve reflexes , coordination , or quick thinking tacked on to a simple strategy game of troops and resources.If I had paid real money for it I 'd probably be disappointed , but as I picked if up for chunk change it 's been a fun few hours . I never saw the original in its heyday , so I had no particular expectations .
 As the two other reviewers have noted , this game pales in comparison to the original . There 's nothing the least bit cinematic about it -- not even a brief token game intro movie . The entire game feels rather `` dumbed down . '' There 's not really any backstory -LRB- or any story at all , for that matter -RRB- . There 's no distinction between Saxon and Norman ; all other `` heroes '' in the game are unequivocally your enemies . While there are four different characters to choose from , they no longer have their own skill levels in leadership , jousting , etc. . The only thing unique about the characters is fame , gold , and cards they start with . `` Cards ? '' , you ask ? Well , in place of the intricacies of the original game , the developers implemented a `` card-playing '' system such as might be seen in any number of collectible card games . You hold a certain number of cards in your hand at any given time , and can draw new cards when you 've accomplished certain feats , such as completing a raid or conquering a territory . You can play these cards during a battle between your and your opponent 's armies to gain certain bonuses or inflict your enemy with special penalties.Raiding is considerably different as well . For one , it 's not nearly as visually appealing as it was in the olden days . Yes , now we have higher resolution and a much broader color palette , but I would go so far as to say the graphics for the Commodore 64 version of this game were far BETTER than they are in this one . No long , dramatic shadows of the combatants against the castle walls here . Essentially it 's just a computer sprite with a health bar over his head , running through a series of scrolling rooms -LRB- though the look of the rooms themselves , admittedly , is somewhat nice -RRB- , meeting other computer sprite with health bars over THEIR heads , then proceeding to hack at each other until one dies.There 's a significant difference in the gameplay involved in raiding as well , which some might find interesting . Essentially , you fight several `` rounds '' against each opponent , before each of which you choose a series of actions in advance , which can include Attack , Block , or Special Attack . You can attack as many times as you want , but you have a limited number of Blocks and Special Attacks in the course of the raid . As some of your opponents actions are revealed to you before you choose your own , there is a somewhat unique element of strategy in choosing when to attack and when to use a block or special attack.The only part of the game that felt relatively faithful to the original was jousting . At least from my memory , it looks nearly identical to the original , except this time the better resolution and color palette actually manage to improve the look and feel of it . You control your lance with the mouse and , as in the original , try to unseat your opponent by clicking at the right time , with your lance in the right place . The only obvious differences are that the text `` Hit Now ! '' flashes at the top of the window as the two knights meet , and that it does n't appear possible to knock down your opponent 's horse -LRB- both two more examples of the aforementioned `` dumbing down '' of the game.There are a few other elements added , but nothing particularly interesting . You can hold archery competitions just like you can hold jousting matches -LRB- the word `` tournament '' appears to be absent from this version of the game for whatever reason -RRB- . Princesses appear at random in enemy castles , which you can either kidnap or rescue through raiding -LRB- this just either temporarily immobilizes your enemy 's military or grants you a fame bonus , respectively ; again , there 's no story progression involved , and the princesses simply disappear from the game after the , never to be heard from again -RRB- . So , if you 're hoping -LRB- as I was -RRB- for a revival of a classic game of yesteryear , you 're in for a sore , sore disappointment ; virtually everything that made that game great is absent from this version . Instead , I 'd recommend the Robin Hood version made a few years back , which is also not quite the same , but far more successful at capturing the spirit of the original.However , when judged on its own merits rather than compared to its predecessor , this is not a terribly bad little game . It wo n't blow you away , but it is a decent enough way to kill an hour or two . It runs in full screen or windowed mode , and the system requirements are EXTREMELY low for this day and age -LRB- the memory requirement , for example , is 128 MB of RAM -RRB- , so it might be an ideal game to throw on an old laptop that ca n't quite handle the latest and greatest , or simply to play while chatting or engaging in other low-maintenance activities . It 's a step or two above Minesweeper or Solitaire , at least .
 I bought this looking forward to taking off and landing on a carrier . See the aircraft , but no Carrier or on the list to select . Contacted support and no answer why I do n't see the Carrier . Disappointed and thought support would help , but did n't . Still do n't see the carrier . It is running under Vists SP1 which always has issues . Do n't like copyright laws . . If you open it you bought it . . What says the software is good ?? I thought Abacus would be helpful . NOT !!
 I bought this game way back and recently played it again . . well . . the game was easy to beat when i was 6 and its still as easy.Well , my problem -LRB- s -RRB- ? Not enough characters and its just not very fun and . . yeah that makes it boring . . but if ur a fan of the older games -LRB- like me -RRB- you may like this game -LRB- unlike me -RRB- It 's cheap now so , I guess it would n't hurt to pick it up . . it costs as much cash as to rent a game at the videostore . . so do what you want with it .
 Not a game . It 's not a game . A wreaky combo system that rips off another cool game ? WRETCHED GRAPHICS . Cheap moves . Idiotic music . GAHHHHHHH !!!!!!! I ca n't quite figure out why it 's in the game section . How about , put it in the , I barfed upon a floppy disk and called it a N64 title . 631/3 ?! Is that supposed to be funny ?! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA ! NotTT !! If you got the game 's best moments . It 's best animations , it 's best characters . It 's best moves , and the best everything ! And put it together . It would be an ABU diaper . Please , and I mean , PLEASE !!!! Do n't EVER and I mean EVER waste your money on this game . Please , I beg of you.I would rather play peekaboo in a kid 's playhouse than play this . Do not save this for rainy days , do not save it for any days . Destroy this , burn it . Break open the disgusting plastic cartrige and then pull out the belt sander on the memory chip . Then take the ashes and spit them to non existence ... . That 's all ...
 I bought one i plugged it in and the first one was really dim and not as bright as it should be and the second strip was totally broken all together it would not even turn on ...
 Only one side of the LED 's worked , looked used . Package was taped up . Also did n't come with the correct powercord to plug into my xbox 360 on the motherboard . Garbage .
 Do not buy these if your looking to buy the talismoon fan it will kill your fan power supply ! Buy the storm LEDs they are way better and can be combined with the whisper and whisper max fans
 thinking that this would make the xbox 360 cool looking only to find out that it requires the opening of the xbox !
 Graphics are an improvement over the previous Hasbro version of Monopoly , but the special features are annoying . Seriously , how many times do you want to hear `` Mr. Monopoly '' exclaim , `` Eighter from Decateur ! '' or `` Show me the money , Sack ! '' ? Not to mention the annoying animated tokens or the dizzying 3D `` camera work . `` Trades are confusing , and the computer opponents play the game like crazed lunatics . Wait until one gets a monopoly and starts building houses . The turn will take forever , as the elated opponent gleefully mortages everything in sight in a frantic attempt to add another building.I 've had two versions of Monopoly for the computer and have been disappointed with both . On the other hand , a $ 20.00 Super Nintendo cartridge of the game generated hours of fun . The graphics were simpler and the options were fewer , but maybe that 's why I enjoyed it .
 I guess I should not have expected the computer version of Monopoly to be any more exciting than the board game . It is , after all , Monopoly ! But at least in the board game , you are moving more muscles than your index finger ! I played this game at a relative 's house , and I am very glad I did so . I now know not to buy it . Not only is it very slow , but also it is very hard to see . I needed a magnifying glass to view some of the graphics . I do suggest this game for chronic insomniacs -- within thirty minutes , you will be out like a light !!!
 I 'm not sure what 's wrong with the dice generator on this game or how the odds are stacked . However , I bought this game to have a little fun with a computer opponent -LRB- one -RRB- . Everyone knows that if you play again one opponent the game will go faster . So I like to just spend a short time -LRB- an hour or less playing -RRB- . However I find that when I play against one computer opponent I will usually lose . For example the computer will usually get first roll and will usually get all properties of one color first . If you do n't mind losing time and time again -LRB- you 're a little masochistic -RRB- then this is fun . I have looked for updates or patches to this program but have never seen any that will balance the lopsided ` luck ' that the computer usually has . I must say then that the computer has ` loaded dice . ' Has anyone else had the same experience ? Is this problem corrected in newer versions ? I 'll give it two stars for the ability to play online against a human opponent but the computer opponent 's ` luck ' knocks off 4 starsAddition
 I love playin the monopoly game.But unfortually the one i got will not work so i guess ill just stick to buying cd.s NO GAMES
 Although I can see why this game is such a classic , many of its elements simply do n't stand the test of time . For example , I 've heard people gush over the music , which I personally find underwhelming by today 's high standards . Also the lack of direction can prove incredibly frustrating when you get lost . However , I should admit that I do n't particularly enjoy non-linear sidescrollers , as I 'm also not a fan of the 2D Metroid games .
 I find it amazing that people believe this is one of the best games of all time . I 've also heard people say that if you 're not absolutely glued to your controller playing it for 100 hours straight , then you 're not a `` true '' gamer . Give me a break ! As 2D games go , Castlevania
 WTF is this crap , this is metroid not castlevainia ... this sucks . PS stop making castlevainia into gay manga garbage it takes all the thrills and scary aspects out of it by making everyone look like a woman with multi colored hair .
 It does n't make any sense . How can this game be considered a classic ? It has WAY too many flaws for people to continue naming it `` best game of all-time '' or `` best Castlevania game you 'll ever play '' . I do n't think so . If you want a `` real '' Castlevania game , go play Castlevania 64 for the N64 . That 's how a Castlevania game should be done . Not like Symphony Of The Night , which is basically a complete disaster with its many inexplicable problems.Don ' t believe me ? You will soon enough . First and foremost , Konami must think all Castlevania fans are forgetful and dumb . You see , the game begins with you playing as Richter , and you 're back in the final stage of the previous Castlevania game fighting Dracula . This is ridiculous . I do n't want to play THAT game , I want to play Symphony Of The Night . You do n't have to redo the final fight with Wart in the beginning of Super Mario Bros. 3 . So you should n't have to start off Symphony Of The Night by going back and fighting the final boss in the previous game . What the hell is wrong with Konami ? This whole Richter/Dracula thing should have been removed.After that 's over , the REAL game begins , but unfortunately that 's not true . It does n't begin yet . Immediately a screen is shown of Alucard running to the castle -LRB- which you unfortunately have no control over -RRB- . Once he 's inside and the gate closes , you can now play as him , but wait a minute . There 's no music playing in the background . A game ca n't really start if there 's no music , because the absence of music makes a game feel empty and unexciting.Luckily , my worst fear did n't come true -LRB- that Konami forgot to put music in the game -RRB- and you just have to move forward a few steps and battle a few more foes before the music kicks in . It 's about time ! You had me worried there!But then more problems arise . In the same little area where the music kicks in , you encounter these zombies that come out of the ground and walk towards you , and many times you never see these zombies coming until it 's too late and you take a hit . Pesky little things like this are just one of many reasons this game is almost completely unbearable.Eventually you meet up with a young lady named Maria . She 's extremely attractive , and knows just how to push the right flirting buttons . And that 's a big problem . The way she seems to come on to Alucard and practically drool all over him is such a turn-on to the player that it 's very difficult to move forward and continue on with the quest . After a Maria encounter , you ca n't stop thinking about her beautiful pale face , those big beautiful eyes , that smooth relaxing voice , and so then what happens after that is , when you are in the middle of a serious battle , you almost always die because you ca n't stop thinking about Maria 's beautiful face.Konami must not understand that mostly boys play video games . I should n't have to say it , but I think it 's obvious that the creators of Maria are disappointed in themselves for creating such a good-looking woman , because one look at Maria distracts boys everywhere . They should n't have made her look so pretty . Because of this , only the strongest male gamers will be able to complete this Castlevania adventure . Had she been less attractive , guys would be able to better concentrate on the game.You 're probably thinking by now `` Alright , talk about the actual GAME ! '' Okay , I will , but you wo n't like what I have to say . It 's just really painful for me to pick out all the problems in this supposed classic . Basically , it all boils down to one thing . The fact that some weapons in this game are incredibly slow , weak and almost useless . Yes , I 'm talking about the Jewel Sword and the Sword Of Hador . Konami never should have put these two weapons in the game . But because they did , we have no choice but to put up with them , and I have no choice but to complain . These two weapons really drag the game down.I could go on and on about the many problems you will see in this game . Twice in the game you will have to fight a guy who looks exactly like you , which if you ask me , lacks creativity . Konami wasted a good opportunity right there to come up with new and exciting bosses to fight , but no , they had to go with the old predictable mirror match.Many enemies have blood fiercely squirting out of their bodies when you attack them , forcing me and my children to look away from the TV screen . Because me and my children understand that if we look at the screen and see this violence , we will throw up all over ourselves and even worse , we might even have trouble making it through the day without screaming in fear that the same brutal treatment might happen to us if we 're not careful . A little bit of blood is fine , but some of the blood in Symphony Of The Night is a bit too graphic and plentiful . It 's enough to terrorize you . So the best thing to do would be to try and jump over these bloody enemies so you wo n't have to attack them , though in many places , avoiding enemies wo n't be easy.Finally , the biggest problem . The second castle in the game is just the first castle turned upside down , so it 's not really a new castle . Now that 's what I call clumsy . Between the smutty actions of Maria and the blood all over the place , it feels like I 'm watching a porno blood fest . Not a pretty thought , is it ? So as you can see , many problems prevent this game from being a classic . Do n't even think about buying it .
 Well I guess I must be the only person who thought this game was bad . I personally thought Super Castlevania 4 was the best game in the series . Symphony of the Night did n't seem like a Castlevania game to me . Every castlevania game after this one was terrible . Castlevania is one of those games that needed to stick to its roots . Castlevania 4 was the peak in the series with controls , sound , and enjoyment then they wanted to try something new . Big mistake . Why could n't they make a game that built upon Castlevania 4 . It will always be a mystery to me why SoTN was so well received .
 I agree with the other people , this game is fun . But ... for some reason i ca n't save it . if i do , it erases all my other saved data on my memory card . i suggest you rent it first , then buy it .
 This game is very difficult to control and it is extremely boring . It may have been a great game six years ago , but by today 's standards this one is a definite loser . Save your money .
 AS with most playstation games its a clone like so mannytimes before this time they stole the briliant koncept from themighty F-ZERO games that really kicked ass THE good thingsabout F-ZERO was the EXELENT CONTROL OF THE GAME the SPEEDand the possibility of destroying your rival plus all thoselovely cars JUMPS TUNNELS and fast gameplay.WHY even bother playing Wipeout then the REAL thing is out there !!!! .
 I grew up playing this game as a kid , so after buying this game in this day and age I really tried hard to like it . I really did , but I just could n't . I remember playing this on DOS with the joystick . The graphics are a little better then I remembered it and the playstation control is a lot easier to handle than a joystick . The level design is also very retro and original . You simply do n't get such dark , dysptopianish , techno inspired level design like this anymore . Speaking of techno , the soundtrack allthough very short is simply the best soundtrack of the entire Wipeout franchise . Messhja being the best song in my opinion.Now where this game sadly suffers is the gameplay.Anti-Grav racing has gotten faster as time moves on and as a result the original Wipeout simply has n't aged that well . You simply move too slow in this game . So slow that your thumb will actually start to feel sore after two races . I ca n't even play this game with the X button as the thrust anymore . I have to use the Triangle button , but that is not even the worst aspect of this game . The worst is that fact that your ship loses all of its speed every single time you miss a turn or bump into an enemy ship and that 's another problem . Nothing is more annoying in this game then having to pass another ship and have that ship bump into you slowing you down . A more minor issue I have with this game is all the weapon effects just look boring and uninspired looking . If I 'm shooting rockets or missles I want to see a lot more than just a small cloud of dust . I want to see some sorta projectile and explosion.Overall I only recemend playing this game if you never experienced the later Wipeouts especially Wipeout Fusion . Once you play Fusion this game becomes pretty much unplayable .
 There are too many night -LSB- flying blind -RSB- missions . The landscapes and missions are repetitive . Some missions are almost impossible to complete successfully . Mech 3 deserves a much better add on .
 What a waste of money . I like a challenging game , but this is rediculous . Set on the lowest difficulty , some of the missions are nearly impossible to accomplish.The first mission of the game , you have a choice of one medium -LRB- 50 tons -RRB- mech , and two lights -LRB- 35 tons each -RRB- for two pilots . Then you proceed to face , not one , but two Thors , which outweigh you by 20 to 35 tons.On the second mission , again , you are facing much heavier mechs than you have access to , and if you stray too close to the enemy base , you end up with an assault lance on your trail . Did I mention that the enemy is using pretty much all Clan mechs?The third mission you have to protect a base . If you can get there before the enemy wipes it off the face of Vail that is . You have to run all out to TRY to get there first , and then you face off with several heavy mechs , while the enemy Ryoken is tearing things apart.On the fourth mission , you have to protect a convoy , which generally gets destroyed before you ever get relatively close to it . Even if you get close , they have destroyed more than half of it , and you will have your hands too full to try to find out which mech is taking out the trucks . Either way , you tend to lose over , and over , and over , and over.What it seems like is that they traded a variety of missions with having to play the same one over and over until you actually beat it . Each of the missions you have to flat out run to get where you have to be , or you will lose . No options . No choices . Had I known that it was so unballanced , I would never have wasted my money on this game .
 Hasbro programmers are the worlds champs at -LRB- ... -RRB- retentive , cry baby , poor losers ! Their programs will cheat without shame against a human . They write a fine program but they really need psych tests before being hired . I 'm sure the writers giggle all day but it 's INCREDIBLY boring to restart 10-20 times to get an honest roll of the dice -LRB- OK , close at best -RRB- . I 'd avoid ANYTHING that 's Hasbro , we do n't need the BS .
 The discription of this item does not include what you get with this package , other than , it 's an expansion pack . What do they have to hide ? -LRB- nothing -RRB- -LRB- that is nothing inside -RRB-
 This is seriously the most useless game case I have ever used . You can fit exactly two controllers into the case ; you can fit quite a few games in the provided holder , but this is very risky because the sleeves are too loose and the games can easily slip out and get scratched . You could potentially fit another controller or some games in cases in the top compartment , that is if the power brick did n't take up over 60 % of the space . The package says it was designed to work with either the 360 or the original Xbox console , and while it can at least accommodate the console itself , it 's clear that this was designed with the original box in mind , because it 's intensely inconvenient to use with the 360 . This thing was a complete waste of thirty bucks.Go buy the officially licensed backpack from MadCatz -LRB- it 's a sad , sad day when I 'm forced to endorse MADCATZ -RRB- ; it 's more expensive , but you 'll end up getting something else if you buy the GPak anyway .
 I 've had this case maybe 6 months . I mainly bought it presented an easy way to keep all my system junk in one organized place which could quickly go in and out of the closet as needed -LRB- living in a barracks , your valuables have to be under lock and key when you 're not around -RRB- . Not only that , but when I go somewhere , it was handy to slip which games I would play into the disc holder.I recently discovered that every game I had been storing there has been scratched by being slide in and out of the grey disk holder . At first my personal CD case -LRB- where I normally keep them -RRB- was suspect , but the scratches are horizontal as they are put in the G-Pak Case , not vertical like my CD binder . Whether the culprit is the fabric or -LRB- more likely -RRB- the stitches that line the outside of each sleeve , I 'm not pleased . I can only hope the damage is n't significant enough to affect the reading of the disks , at this point.I 'll probably continue to use it for just the system for lack of a better alternative , but I do n't recommend something that can cause potentially expensive damage to anyone else .
 I have the Gpak for the regular xbox that is great so I went to buy this one for the 360 . There is not enough room for the console and the wires -LRB- especially that big box thing in the power cable -RRB- much less controllers and accessories too . I returned this item and plan to find something else . Do n't waste your time with this .
 This case will hold the system , cables , power brick , game disks . THAT 'S IT !! I returned mine within 35mins of buying it at a local store ... WASTE OF MONEY ! Not enough space for everyting , JUST the system , no extra 's -LRB- ie controllers , etc -RRB- . I wish I could give this no stars !
 They really should 've stayed with board games . Their programmers all got straight A 's -LRB- in retentive -RRB- .
 How many software engineers does it take to change a light bulb ? None . They declare darkness the standard . Space Quest used to be my favorite computer game . Over time and three upgrades , it finally did n't work at all . It 's not like I did n't keep buying it every time they repackaged it . Surely the CD Rom versions must be updated . But no , the word `` classic '' on the package is apparently meant as a synonym for incompatible.Sierra apparently named their `` help '' line on Opposite Day . They know these games wo n't play and that 's as helpful as they get . They could adopt the strategy of another software company and make you keep buying upgrades . Sierra 's tactic instead is simply to improve the packaging and not the product . Here 's a crazy idea
 Initially this game presented a new look and feel to on-line gaming for me . However , it soon lost its luster . I think it would be great for those with an interest in the comic book genre and super hero themes . These themes simply are not my cup of tea .
 I have been one of those CoH players who 've followed the game fromt he very beginning . I played from CoH beta and played until October of 2005 , a full 17 months , and achieved end game at least 3 times - meaning I made 3 lv 50 Heroes , as well as multiple lower level heroes . As you can infer from the scale of effort and time I invested , I love this game . I love the concept , I love the look , and I love its spandex-cape-superheroic feel.So why the 1 star ? I have little problem with the game 's concept , and as it stands in October of 2005 , its still very enjoyable . However , the devs are about to implement a new system that up-ends the entire powerset syetm that had been in place for the past 17 months . As to whether this was asked , or if it is an idea the players agree with , just check out the furor on -LSB- ... -RSB- . In short , the game is great . Many reviews posted on amazon prior to this date probably all agree on this opinion . The devs , however , have slowly but steadily been making the game less enjoyable and our characters less and less powerful from the beginning of this year . Again , I urge you to check out the coh forum and glimpse on what the players think of the game as it stands.I do n't think you should buy CoH / CoV . The game started out great , but now it is going down hill . It 's still a good game , with a good community ... but a community of jaded , angry players with many empaty SuperGroups . Any mmorpg is an investment of time and money - research carefully .
 So I bought this game and it comes with a serial code . Which the company then refused to accept . So like an idiiot I bought a new serial code . Which the company refused to accept . So like an idiot , I sent a message to the help desk . Which the company refused to accept .
 I have been playing this game for 2-3 months now . In issue 3 , which is the latest patch for this game , NCSoft has drastically reduced the powers of certain player types making them worthless . NCSoft should have done this at the beginning of the game not at the middle of the game . I played 2 months to develop to the level I am in & now I realized that my archetype has become less powerful & more or less useless . I am a regeneration scrapper & they have taken down my shield in issue 3 . I contacted NCSoft but they said they can not do anything about it . Now If I had known in the begining that such changes will be done for this archetype , I would not have chosen this archetype . This is not ethical game development where one day NCSoft wakes up & drastically reduces the power of one archetype . They have absolutely no consideration for player who play a particular archetype & how their decision will affect these players . I spent so much time in developing this character and now I find my powers reduced making my character partially useless . & the response which I got from NCSoft is that I should not complain to them about this but should post it in the forum so that various members can discuss . What jerks ?? This company does not know how to develop games , & one fine day they may wake up & cut other features , reduce features of an archetype etc. , without even considering the players who are playing it . So there is absolutely no point in playing this game.Further more in this game , there is only one thing to do kill . . kill ... kill - &#62; get xp at a very very ... slow rate - &#62; level up . & this becomes very frustrating when a player is between 37-49 . I am also playing World of Warcraft right now & tp tell you very frankly World of Warcraft is WOW . Players have got thousands of things to do & explore besides killing.Well , I will be switching over to World of Wwarcraft permanently .
 This game sounds like a whole lot of fun , but what you need to know is that it is a subscription game . ie if you do n't agree to pay $ 15 a month then it wo n't work !! You do get the first 30 days free but after that expect to be paying out $ $ $ . My kids were very disapointed and you would think that having purchased the DVD they would at least give you some version of the game that you could play for no extra cost ...
 This seems like a great game and all but I 'm NOT going to pay a monthly bill just to play a game , no matter how good it is!I was just thinking about buying this game too. : -LRB-
 On Sept 1st NCSoft announced they were shutting down this game . The staff has been laid off , and the codes from all of these boxed sets have been voided . People trying to use them are being told `` This Serial Code has expired '' . `` This morning we announced that Paragon Studios will be taking to the skies of City of Heroes for the last time.In a realignment of company focus and publishing support , NCsoft has made the decision to close Paragon Studios . Effective immediately , all development on City of Heroes will cease and we will begin preparations to sunset the world 's first , and best , Super Hero MMORPG before the end of the year . As part of this , all recurring subscription billing and Paragon Market purchasing will be discontinued effective immediately . We will have more information regarding a detailed timeline for the cessation of services and what you can expect in game in the coming weeks.The team here at Paragon deserves special praise for all that we have accomplished over the last 5 + years . These developers are some of the most creative and talented people in the gaming industry . By now , we 've all been given this news internally , but to anyone who may be reading this message after the fact ; know that your hard work and dedication has not gone unappreciated or unnoticed . To any potential studios looking to grow your team ; hire these people . You wo n't regret it.To our Community , Thank you . Thank you for your years of support . You 've been with us every step of the way , sharing in our challenges , encouraging us to make City of Heroes better , more than everyone else thought it could be . We could n't have come this far without you . I implore you all , focus on the good things of CoH and Paragon Studios . Do n't dwell on the `` how '' or the `` why '' , but rather join us in celebrating the legacy of an amazing partnership between the players and the development team.Thank you , and I 'll see you in the skies , one last time . `` If the retailers had any decency they 'd stop trying to rip off unwitting customers that are n't aware the game has been shut down and pull this useless merchandise off of the market .
 I spent 5 hours trying to activate this game . it was a waste of time and money . I guess it will work well with an old computer of 80s . Three diferent people tried to run this this game on two diferent computers , and it was imposible .
 At the time there was only 1 review that did NOT LIKE it SO much I thought it must have been persons first game -LRB- NO insult to person -RRB- . No programmers would make a game that difficult.Even in the `` ARCADE `` mode it is impossible to fly.The person was totally right.It 's Claim to fame was that you could be `` ANY POSITION-from Pilot to tail gunner `` I figured Arcade mode would allow me to enjoy shooting and Basic flying.It is imposable to even start plane in arcade-EASY mode , for me.I am NOT a pilot , would Love the game to help me learn in medium or hard mode.as it is it sits there.I wish there were a way to refund a video game download.IF your a Pilot and have full flight controllers for PC , you may figure it out.I do have the link for replies.IF you have figured out how to operate game and willing to explain to a moderate level player.would be Glad to start a discussion.I DO LOVE the `` B-17 `` Actual Plane.Got to climb around in 1 at air show .
 Very hard and confusing game to play . Wish Amazon had a demo so to rate this game before buying it . Very disappointed and will be a little more careful when choosing a game .
 I ca n't believe they could make this game . I have more then the requirements . I spent -LSB- money -RSB- on the game and it wo n't work ! I did everything that the one ... guy who said it was the users fault to do . Nothing worked . I think that guy is -LSB- mistaken -RSB- . All the game does is freeze my computer and I have to reboot it . This game ... has way too many bugs . We have downloaded every patch off the website and none of them have worked . If I were you I would n't buy this game
 Oh , if only I had read some of these reviews before buying this game and wasting $ 44.00 . I actually purchased a new computer with tons of memory to run this game and I still wase n't satisfied with the game 's performance . Yes the graphics are great , but the purpose of the simulation -LRB- the dropping of bombs on a target -RRB- is impossible . In many cases the key commands simply do n't work and the instruction manual is grossly inadequate . For example
 First I get a game with disk2 missing `` Pacific Fighters `` now I downloaded this rubbish of a game.Amazon needs beta testers to check some of these games out.B-17 flying fortress is a real Dog , amazon has lost it ` s credibility with me.This game is lousy .
 I was very dissapionted and the only advice I can give u is to only get the game if u can return it . I saw the game online and went to get it at the store closest to me . I downloaded it without a problem and then when I went to play nothing happened . When I went to return it the guy said that they try to persuade people not to buy the game because it does n't work . I had gotten my hopes up . I just wish they come out with a new and improved B-17 game . That game really could have been awsome but it does n't work .
 I was quite excited to buy this after I read the reviews . After I rushed home , installed it and tried out the difficut training missions it still looked pretty good . Then when I actually began a campaign I discovered the fatal flaw of this game - it is boring . You have two choices , you can micromanage the bomber -LRB- too complex for anything but gunnery -RRB- or you can sit back and watch as the computer plays for you - although you will have to wait long periods of time for anything to happen even if you ` time skip ' . My final verdict is that this was a great idea , but poorly executed . The designers were so excited to try to recreate the experience of crewing a B-17 that they forgot to make the game enjoyable . Also , the realism they try to present through the complexity of anything but shooting the guns is mocked by an extremely unrealistic flight model . My next hope is Europa Universalis ...
 The very premise of this game is one that I have been anxiously awaiting for years . This execution of the concept , however , is simply terrible.Microprose has not yet learned that simple eye candy is not enough to sustain an interesting , challenging gaming experience . Playability is clumsy at best and interrupts any sense of excitement , challenge , or suspense . My version was also laden with bugs and I found it to be highly unstable , despite my 900mhz processor , ample memory , and video card.Anyone who has experienced the highly realistic flight dynamics of the MS Flight Sim family , Fly ! , or any of the Jane 's programs will find the characteristics of this B-17 overly simplified , unrewarding , and childlike.Buy MS Combat Flight Sim 2 and download one of the many fine handpainted B-17 add-ons available as freeware out there . Better still , if you ca n't shake the urge to the fly a B-17 , put down your computer and pick up some Steven Ambrose -- the images he paints are 1,000 times better than Microprose.Calling this game B-17 is an insult to a noble aircraft .
 This game was by far the very worst game that i have ever seen . it was unbelieveable how stupid it looked . graphics were horrible , it was boring , all of the enemy planes and attack tactics were the same , and i cant stand how slow it ran , even though my computer is fully loaded with speed , graphics cards , sound cards , and lots of ram , memory , and free space . HORRIBLE dont WASTE you MONEY
 I feel the need to warn other people out there not to waste their hard earned money on this worthless game . I just purchased a copy of this game and it will not run on my computer even though my system meets or exceeds the manufacturers recommended system requirements . Also there is no tech support for this product so I guess if you are having difficulties with this product , that 's just too bad . Tech support is only open from 12 pm to 5 pm Mon. thru Fri. any other times you are just out of luck . Plus the fact that you have to pay long distance charges to get a game running that should have been running in the first place . THANKS MICROPROSE AND HASBRO for such a lovely game . Micrprose delayed this game for 5 months you think that they could have done a better job .
 first off , i liked the game , but after i stopped playing , i could not defrag or scandisk my computer . the game adds a new driver to your computer if you do n't already have it . i have a 1.3 Ghz computer with 256 Rdram , tnt2 video with 32bit , and 40Gig hard drive , HELLO ... tell me what 's wrong with this picture , ... . my computer is well over the requirements needed . Also , i am a computer tech , so do n't tell me it 's my computer , or that i do n't know what i 'm doing , i have tried everything i could to fix the problem , including restoring my computer to the first day i got it -LRB- after i uninstalled the game -RRB- , and to this day i still have trouble running my scandisk . the product should never have been released with the problems that were very apparent prior to the release date.Tell me when will all you coputer companies release software that is not bug ridden ? i own a ps , n64 , ns , sega , and 3 computers .
 Is as simple as this it DOES N'T WORK . Do n't waste your money the game does n't crash but it could take around 30 miutes just to start flying . and do n't said to me that I dont know how to fly I 'm an C-130 pilot .
 My computer exceeds the requirements listed on the package -LRB- PII with 500 MHZ , 128 RAM -RRB- , however the system crashes each time I launch it . Trying to contact customer support in a manner is litterally impossible . Frustration is high with this product and this company . They sell something that they misrepresented -LRB- i.e. system requirements -RRB- and provide substandard support to assist you . DO NOT PURCHASE !
 I have most of the major flight sims and now I have this and have only worked with it a bit but I find it a little too overcomplicated , it 's taxing even for someone who is a flight simmer and is already flight tested and combat tested.The graphics are good but first there was the necessity to download a patch which at 25mb is the largest game patch I 've ever seen , the list of fixes is enough to make you question why they released it in that form anyway.Although the amount of interactivity is less with the bombers in Janes Attack Squadron so is the level of overhead.If you are really a B17 nut though and you want total realistic immersion in that plane then you 'll like the sim .
 B-17 did not work properly ... was very disappointed . . used to play this game years ago . . loved it ... but this version froze on almost every scene . . could not back out of program . . had to ctrl-alt-del to get back to windows screen ... I would not recommend this program . . I spent $ 11.00 on a download that was very disappointing ... have played XP programs on windows 7 and they ran great ... please let me know if and when a windows 7 version hits the market . . I really miss this game ... maybe suggest to Atari to make a Xbox 360 version . . that would be money maker for them and a profit generating program for you . - = -LCB- Jerry -RCB- = -
 This simulator has great potential but the game needs a lot more ram than the published minumum . Infogrames technical support is totally non-existant ! Also , number of additional aircraft is severly limited as is what you can do with them . All in all , a very disappointing product .
 The game B-17 Flying Fortress has some very serious game play faults . First of all , the game can suddenly stop installing in the middle of the installation process . A more serious problem is one that i encountered when trying to play the game for the first time . It is that the game has the tendency to not run when you open the games . The game opens for a second or two , but then it just goes away with no trace at all . The manufacturer is aware of these problems and addresses them in the Hasbro tech . support site . Unfortunately , if the support web site does n't fix your problem , its safe to say that you probably wont be able to fix the problem on your own . This is because the e-mail and telephone support options do not offer any different kind of help than the web site . While on the topic of telephone tech . support , you wo n't ever talk to an actual human when calling the support number , and its not an `` 800 '' number so you will be billed long distance for the call .
 I waited 6 months for this game . Rushed home and started the long road of upgrades . DO YOUR SELF A FAVOUR . . DO N'T BUY THIS GAME . Yes I had the min requirements ATI 128 16mb video card . 128 mb of ram and a celeron II 600 . It ran < 15 frames per second @ 800x 600 x 32 -LRB- 16 bit color is way too ugly -RRB- Upgraded to 256 mb of ram NO change in frame rate.Install new Maxtor Diamond ultra 100 harddrive with fresh install of win 98se NO change in frame rate.Swap ISA sound blaster 16 for SB live to help the CPU No rate change but sounds greatOverclocked cpu to 750 hz Only 2 fps rate increase.Overclocked the video card to over 107 hz -LRB- from 90 -RRB- about 4 fps frame rate increaseMoral of story you need at least 32 mb video card to get over 20 fps playablity . These upgrade are beyond the average computer user and I 'm not going to speed another $ 300 on a video card for this mediocre game .
 IT DOES NOT WORK . It 's a shame that Microprose and other software developers put such a lot of work into the building of the game , then fail to react to customers when the game does not work . My PC is above the recommended requirements but every time the game crashes once the game loads . The help line have proved to be as much use as a chocolate teapot . My advice is to wait until you here that the problem has been resolved through a patch . Is it too much to ask for a game to be released that works when you open the box , without having to log on to the Internet to download a 16mb patch every 6 months to update a program that should of worked in the first place .
 Well I received this title over the weekend , and still have not been able to get it off the ground.This is what I am having problems with and have encountered getting technical support -LRB- a nightmare !! -RRB- . Game Problems :1 . Going to ` instant action ' from the main game menu , I am presented with a CTD -LRB- Crash To Desktop -RRB- , which means the game crashes , and your back at your desktop .2 . In The game , you need to review crew status , mission briefings , etc. well so far I can not view these , do to they do n't appear while in the game.Applied the latest patch -LRB- v1 .06 -RRB- to correct allot of the bugs and CTD , and still have the above problems.Now the Nightmare ! : * Web Sites mentioned , do not work - Either receive a blank page , 404 Not Found , or Virtual Directory
 While aspiring to be a challanging and realistic simulator , this program falls short . It has potential but is plagued with programing bugs , lack of program configuration documentation , and technical support . Infogames is relying on a user 's forum and having customers share lessons learned and fixes amongst themselves . In my opinion , the game must have been released prior to any beta testing . Two patches have been released and another is on the way .
 I remember seeing this game years and years ago and I always wanted to pick it up . Killing some time on Amazon the other night I saw that this was available for less than $ 4 ! I thought this would be a great deal . I was wrong . What were game designers thinking back then ? Poor interface , unnecessarily difficult to navigate , confusing game play , etc. I guess I 'm spoiled with modern games and graphics . If I had play this as a child and loved it I may have been more nostalgic about it . I did n't and I 'm not.Oh well , I would have probably bought a cup of coffee or two with the money I wasted here ... did n't need the caffeine anyways.Don ' t waste your money . Do Not Buy
 This is not a very good co-op game . The lighting is horrible , the graphics are so bad you can walk through people , and you can not get passed the 2nd level .
 This is a sequel to tokyo xtreme racing on the major consoles . While the other games are good , not great , this one is horrible . You will wait through loading times more than actual racing . When you do race , the opponents are way too easy and the tracks are monotonous . Go with need for speed underground rivals . It 's much better . Midnight club 3 is probably better too , although i 've not played it .
 The first one was sooooo much better . The graphics are the same , but the courses are funner and more innovative in the original . If you loved the original and want more , this is not much different .
 This version absolutely does not open with Windows XP . Might need 95 , might be able to use 98 .
 Make SURE you have Windows 95 for this version , will NOT install or play on anything higher !!!!!
 But it did work on my windows 95 computer for a little while . Then , it started having technical difficulties on there too . Probably will perform best on a windows 98 computer . Good luck !
 I have played this game on my laptop -LRB- PC -RRB- before , and knew I liked it , I just needed it for my Mac . It is extremely addictive , I could spend hours on it , but the high wears of pretty fast , and I wo n't play for days or weeks . As expected . The time it takes to load the game is great , really fast . It was also delivered to me fast , concidering it was only standard international shipping.However , there are some major glitches in the gameplay . Characters faces will get dark -LRB- when you click an item to chose an action , their face will appear with a black shaddow covering it -RRB- , the game will kinda skip a bit if you 've been playing for a while -LRB- sometimes only half an hour -RRB- , and there is a major problem with the disc . When you insert it , install it and go to play it it told me I did n't have enough free space . Which I do , more than enough . I reinstalled it , and it worked , but later , the same thing happened again . It seems that whenever I take the game out of the drive , this happens . Now I 'm afraid to remove it and lose all my progress in the game . I refuse to believe this is due to my Mac . Granted , it is 14 - 15 months old , but it goes above and beyond all the system requirements . This is a MAJOR downside.Overall , I 'm satisfied with the game itself , but the problem of it telling me I do n't have enough local disc space when I do is a conciderable negative .
 My system is only about 2 years old , a 17 '' ibook running Tiger . I 've been eagerly awaiting this game for months , come to find out my computer was purchased literally a few MONTHS too early and now is `` obsolete '' for the system requirements of this game . GRRR ! The problem is that the true SIMs fans out there are probably the ones playing the earlier versions on their earlier Macs . The customer base for this one is likely newer SIMS players . Aspyr , you are going to have a LOT of angry customers here , is there anything you can do to fix this ?
 My computer can run Maya -LRB- a 3-D modeling and animation software -RRB- , and Final Cut Pro so in theory it should run the Sims 2 with no problem . There are long wait times , and the game play is choppy.I have a 1.5 Ghz PowerPC 1.1 -LRB- Powerbook -RRB- G4 with 512 MB DDR DDRAM -LRB- RAM -RRB- , -LRB- ATI -RRB- Radeon 9700 , GeForce -LRB- not sure -RRB- , and VRam 64 MB . Everything is over the minimum requirements.In addition to this problem the game is not fun without Expansion Packs . My Mother has the Sims 1
 I pre-ordered this game back in March and had been wildly anticipating its arrival ever since . I can not believe once I receive it three months later that I am not able to play the game on my G4 ! I have n't even opened the box , it is being returned immediately ! The system requirements are just too high !
 I 've got a 12 '' PowerPC PowerBook with 1.5 GHz cpu , 1.25 Gb of ram , and 64mb graphic card . And the game is very choppy and laggy . This definitely detracts a lot from the game play.The recommended specs are not accurate .
 Seriously ! I thought I 'd sneak by with my machine . I mean , come on ! I can handle a game that runs a little slower . Well , you ca n't play the game when the control panel in the game flickers in and out , because you do n't have the hardware to support it.People ! Listen to the ACTUAL Mac users that bought this software , not the kids that played SIMS 2 on their PC . Do n't even risk buying this if you have the `` minimum '' recommended requirements . SERIOUSLY ! It DOES N'T WORK !
 It 's okay ... This was my first Sims purchase -- I take that back ! This was my 2nd Sims purchase ; I HAD to buy it because I purchased another Sims product that would n't work without having this one installed first ! After installing this one and then installing the 2nd one , I 'm unable to use this one ... It 's like the 2nd one wrote over the 1st one . I assumed that having both installed , I 'd have access to both -LRB- ? -RRB- ...
 Even though Amazon lists the system requirements for The Sims 2 for Mac to be a 1 GHz or faster processor , the actual game box states you need at least 1.2 GHz or faster . I bought this and it will NOT run on my almost brand-new iBook G4 , which is 1.07 GHz . Major disapointment . Read the fine print and check your Mac to make sure it 'll work first ...
 Grr ... I have a Mac Mini . 512 ram , and 60 GB hard drive space . Sims 2 ran sooooo slow . . and my computer often froze during the game.The game itself has great potential and can be quite entertaining if you like detailed architecture and like interior design . However , the Mac Mini just does n't have the speed to support the game to it 's full potential.I would recommend getting the game for a PS2 or an Imac G5.I spent 50 dollars on this game , and it 's pretty much useless , unless I buy a faster Mac .
 ths game sux !! , the first time i played it was laggy and next time it wouldnt even let me play i do not think anyone should waste 50 well earned dollars on it . i PASSED the RECOMENDED requirements ! do not waste your money ! JUST BECAUSE I AM A KID DOES NOT MEAN I DO NOT KNOW WHAT I AM DOING !!!!!!!
 I RECEIVED A PC VERSION NOT THE MAC ! SO UPSET . I WANTED TO PLAY AND NOW I HAVE TO RETURN IT UGH -RRB- :
 I can not get it to work on my MAC BOOK PRO . I plan to reload it but I am very disappointed . I also purchased SIMS3 but I really do n'ts like it .
 Ten months passed between the release of The Sims 2 for PC and The Sims 2 for Mac . With all the time they took to make the port , it would stand to reason that the game developers at Aspyr were using it to make a good , solid product . Unfortunately , this must not have been the case . Even on a system that meets the game 's hefty requirements , The Sims 2 for Mac is incredibly crashy.It is not uncommon for the game to dump you back on the Desktop for what appears to be no reason at all . Crashes like this can happen at any time , and they 're not preceded by any signs that would indicate something is amiss -- slower graphics , for example . Crashes like this are more frequent when the game is put into Build Mode , although no part of the program is entirely free of bugs.Those who used the original Sims ' ability to handle near-unlimited amounts of custom downloads will be especially disappointed by this port . There is a limit to the number of custom files you can have in The Sims 2 , and when you cross it the entire game becomes unplayable . What 's more disappointing is that neither the official manual nor the Aspyr FAQ makes any mention of this limit or says exactly what it is -LRB- I 've done some extensive testing on this , and something tells me it 's not a nice round number -RRB- . PC users do not have this problem , so why should a Mac user have to live with it ? Especially since the objects and skins that come with the game tend to be rather boring.When it works , The Sims 2 is a pretty good game . Those who buy it now , however , may find themselves spending more time fixing than playing . Do n't spend your money until Aspyr has come out with a decent patch . Hopefully , making one wo n't take another ten months .
 Video is choppy and floating control frequently disappears , not playable on anything but the latest hardware.Aspyr Tech support does n't respond to e-mails ... . I ca n't recommend this game .
 It 's just not playable despite the system requirements listed from Aspyr , Apple , or Amazon . Play is choppy . Unless you just purchased a brand new Mac with all the bells and whistles -- wait -LRB- even more -RRB- . Major disappointment .
 I have n't rated this game correctly because I can not play it on my computer . I very recently -LRB- we 're talking less than a month ago -RRB- bought the new iBook G4 laptop for $ 1,300 straight off the Apple website , and was excited to have this game coming to me . Well , as it turns out , the new iBooks do n't have the right video card to play this . So ... not sure whether to mail the game back to Amazon and get the regular Sims game or what . All I 'm saying is , if you have an iBook like mine , beware .
 So , the only people who are going to benefit from this game are those who have purchased a new G5 ? Not a very smart move for Aspyr . That 's not a big pool of people . I purchased it , brought it home to use on my smokin-fast G4 w / Superdrive , but I only have a GeForce 4000 video card , and the game DOES N'T WORK . It 's rediculous . Waste of $ 50 .
 This is a great game & I have really enjoyed playing it for the last couple of weeks . Unfortunately it is buggy as hell , to the point of corrupting files so that some families wo n't even load anymore -LRB- especially , of course , the ones you have worked on the hardest -RRB- . I am running the game on an iMac G5 with 768 MB of RAM , so it definitely meets the requirements.When you start seeing characters with hair or parts of their bodies missing , watch out -- your are headed for crashes and/or corrupt files . I was never able to correctly create a Sim from scratch either -- parts always turned up `` missing '' in the character photo and it is a bit disconcerting to see , for example , a hairdo walking around all by itself.This game is in dire need of a patch , but so far none is available .
 Do n't buy this game unless you have a new MAC . I have a top of the line Mac but it is 3 years old . Game wo n't play on it . So my Sims 2 -LRB- mac -RRB- is up on a self , and wo n't be played for a long time .
 I got my iMac in January - 1.8 MHz G5 , 1GB of RAM . And STILL , the game runs too slow for me to play it adequately . Maybe the video card that comes standard with the computer is n't good enough ? I do n't know enough about that sort of stuff to say . The control panel does n't flicker in and out like some people have complained about , but movement is extremely choppy , and trying to change the resolution and shading and stuff to try and get it to go faster was a failure -- and took about a minute and a half to resolve itself , anyway . It 's a shame , as the game itself is very fun -- the sims are much more self-reliant and have a ton more options as far as what to do . The create-a-sim portion of the game is extremely detailed , with a gazillion different options to customize faces . However , the number of clothing choices is far more limited than I 'm used to from the last game . Same goes for house decorations , although the actual options for constructing houses is pretty great.Honestly , though , Amazon and Aspyr should offer some sort of refund-policy for those of us who DO meet the specifications and STILL ca n't play the game . It 's a rip off , and incredibly frustrating , as one of the main reasons I got my new computer was to be able to play the new sims -LRB- yes , I know I 'm lame -RRB- .
 Ok , well , I wanted to order The Sims 2 for my iMac , but no ... I found out it wo n't even work ! Is this some kind of scam , do they have some evil pact with Macintosh to make this game so overhyped that everyone wants it more than anything just to find out even on newer Macs it will not work so you 're forced to buy a brand new computer ? I think so . Anyway , I really hope they will do something to fix this . A new version or some patches , something ! I have been waiting impatiently since I first found out about The Sims 2 to have it and spend countless hours playing , just to find out my less than 2 year old Mac is not good enough for it ! Grrrr ...
 I love adventure games as in Myst , Riven ect . I should have read reviews on this game before buying it though -LRB- if there had been more than 2 at the time -RRB- . I did n't care for the comic book/childish type characters . I also do n't have a degree in horticulture and chemistry needed to play . I grew very tired of mixing chemicals and also plants , holding on to inventory items -LRB- 3 pages -RRB- and reading subtitles which come later in the game when you learn to speak Seleneze . I played 3/4 of the game but grew bored with the story and inventory nonsense . I gave this at least 1 star for gamers under the age of 12 -LRB- with the help of an adult or 3 -RRB- . Oh , and if one more Selenite threw up on me , I was going to trash the game .
 The puzzles are so stupid . The story is good , that is why it got 2 stars , but it 's wasted on the dumb puzzles . I could n't even figure out how to finish this game . This game is exactly like Mysterious Island and Echo in its menu and game play . It takes WAY too long to figure out which items go with which . And going back and forth , back and forth got right on my last nerve . This game is frustrating , not entertaining .
 One of the worst games I played in recent years . We picked this up over burnout with the expectation that it would satisfy . It had the look of the twisted metal series . It 's need for speed meets twisted metal and it sucked at both attempts . After unlocking everything only to find about 5 cars to choose from and a worse selection of maps made for one god awful reck of a game . Forget you ever heard if this game and get burnout instead !
 Burnout just destroyed all the chances of me ever being satisfied with car games , but come on this game was garbage
 Let me start off by saying that I am lousy at driving games when using the hand controller that 's why I bought a Microsoft Xbox wheel . This is the first driving type game that I could not get to function with the wheel . Even games that do n't say they are compatible with the wheel will usually work fairly well . I could mot get Full Auto to respond at all , it wo n't respond to any of the buttons even the start button . It 's kind of strange because the wheel is basically a modified hand controller , I guess the game somehow senses it 's not.Anyway , it 's probably a fun game just do n't try to use it with a wheel controller .
 The graphics a pretty nice . The game play is average ; the driving and steering are too easy however . Unless you are brand new to racers I would suggest Burnout Revenge , or Flat Out Ultimate Carnage . The game was o.k. , but I was not too impressed .
 I was never much of a Gottlieb fan when trolling the arcade with a fat pocketful of quarters . I found their machines to be an exercise in frustration , with their lazy board angles , weak kickbacks , and exceptionally wide spaces between flippers . When the machines were in anything but tip-top condition -LRB- which very few actually were -RRB- , frustration could easily lead to a smoldering anger as the balls seemed to naturally be drawn to the gutters while you had nothing to respond with except anemic flippers and a bruised hip to send the offending machine smashing against the back wall . `` The Gottlieb Collection '' by Crave Entertainment not only has helped me relive these unfortunate experiences of a misspent youth , they have compounded these frustrations by providing a product so full of glitches that I have relegated it to the back of my video game collection . It 's all there in unfortunate detail ; the anemic flippers , sleepy kickbacks , and quarter-cheating gutters that had me steering clear of these devious machines in the arcade . As if this was n't enough , Crave has magnanimously added virtual balls that magically pass through flippers , bumpers , and targets along with becoming eternally ensconced in holes that will not release even after a tilt , forcing you to reset the game . These are only a few examples of why beta testing is so important before releasing a product for retail . I gazed at my Playstation 2 in wonderment as the multiball feature in `` Tee 'd Off '' was reduced to a sputtering , frame-skipping , inaccurate mess . It had served me so well during all of the GTA mayhem ... was the processor finally on its last legs ? Did anyone at Crave Entertainment double check the game coding before sending the DVD out ? It is a shame , because the emulations really do show a potential for fun . I only ask that I be given a semblance of body english without an over eager tilt -LRB- the way these machines truly are played in the arcade -RRB- , and for the flippers and bumpers to become solid once again.I would pass on this collection , but by all means , purchase `` The Williams Collection '' , also by Crave Entertainment . They seemed to have learned from their mistakes and released an exceptional product , one which has me lofting high the `` Crave Entertainment '' banner and reliving the golden age of pinball once again .
 I would give it zero stars or even negative stars if I could . Will not even play on my top of the line new Dell . Sid should be ashamed of this mess !
 This game has so many bugs that most of the people I know can not play it ! I will never buy another game from Firaxis . Civilization had a great reputation , and Civ 4 has ruined that forever ! Google around and read the hundreds , perhaps thousands , of complaints relating to this game . Save yourself 50 bucks and do n't buy it , or if you really must try it , get a used copy from eBay or some other place ... there 's lots of guys trying to sell it and recoup some of their money . What a sham !
 I have to agree with all the negative reviews . I have a powerful machine , 3gh Intel processor , 1 gig ram , 256 mb geforce fx 5500 graphics card with the latest drivers . It runs -LRB- and plays -RRB- great for about 50 turns . But as more of the map is exposed it runs more and more slowly and eventually crashes . The game is fun , I enjoyed it as long as it ran . But I should have waited about 6 mo 's for the patches .
 Big fan of CIV games up through CIV III . This version focused on animation and a introduced a clutsier interface . Game action slowed down , complexity up , and its harder to tell what my empire is doing.I finally just stopped playing it , the fun just is n't there anymore . A strategic game does not need fancier 3-D animation .
 I love the CIV series , each CIV improved and provided another level of enjoyment . This CIV we also see a lot of improvements ... even in places where I thought the game could not be improved . BUT ... . this game software is very unstable and keeps crashing . If you do n't have a high end computer with above the recommend hardware requirements DO N'T BUY and stick with your CIV3
 `` Deformed , unfinished , sent before my timeInto this breathing world scarce half made up '' -- Shakespeare Richard III , Act 1 , Scene 1
 As a huge fan of Civ II and Civ III , I was excited to get this -LRB- on sale no less -RRB- - and then horrified that I could n't play it.I have two pretty decent computers . For one , I added a new video card specifically for this game . I still have n't got it to work on either one , and both are well above the minimum requirements for the game.Here 's the rundown of problems : - Could n't install the version of DirectX that they include on the disk . Normally this would n't be a problem -LRB- you can get it free online -RRB- ... BUT this particular version had game-specific files that are necessary for the game to start up.-I pulled those files off the disk manually and dumped them into the proper folder , solving that problem . HOWEVER , I then had issues with the video card - this game does have quite a few problems with ATI cards , which MANY computers have.-I went online to try to troubleshoot these issues . The game 's official website has a little bit of help , which I understand does solve some peoples ' problems . Not mine , unfortunately . Eventually , I got the game to start up ... but there were serious video problems , rendering the game nearly unplayable.-One minor problem
 Do not believe the glowing praise of corporate shills - the marketing of this game is based on deception.First , scroll up and look at the two pictures next to the game description ; see that detailed little city ? In actuality , when you play the game , this city will be smaller than a postage stamp on your screen . Wonders and buildings will appear on the map ? Sure they will , but they will be a quarter the size of your units , and so small as to lose all character . That is what has progressively happened to this series
 ... Wait for the patch and its going to be a large one . This game is full of bugs that will make the game crash or freeze your PC . Minimum requirements are not the cause . One bug that I 'll give to the programmers . When you take a city and have troops waiting on a square to get a settler over , if a friendly Civ comes over and puts down a city . The city name will be something like `` TXT_CITY_NAME_BELOX '' i.e the code has not been beta tested . Is this why I giving it a bad rating ? NO . I could live with little bugs but the crashing and freezing is almost every turn once you get in the later stages of the game.Overall
 For every good review you read , you must realise this game has major problems . I am running the followingAMD 4000 +1 gb PC 3200 ram low latencys-ata hard driveNvidia 6800 ultra 256mb graphics cardThe game is still too slow , and if I ca n't run it who can ? Yes I have the game turned up on full graphics but my computer should be able to handle this easily . To top it all off , i was given the world map and suddenly the overload of information crashed the game on the next turn , followed by the fact I can no longer load any of the saved games of that session , it just crashes . Also please make a note of the hardware I am using , the wonder movies are jerky , the sound cuts out for 70 % of the movie . I can play doom 3 perfectly but I ca n't play CIV IV
 I loved Civ I , II , and III . I have a loaded Dell XPS which is less than 1 year old , and I can not get this game to run . The error I get is as follows
 This game may or not be good . It crashes non stop and tech support is non existant.I build gaming computers on the side for extra $ $ $ trust me , my machine can handle any game I throw at it ... except this one.Do yourself a favor and do not buy this game untill they release some patches to fix the serious issues this game has .
 Like most of you I play Civ since 1992 and I was very excited to start today with Civ IV.Sadly , most of the bad comments I have read before are right.I have a ATI graphic cards and it is simply impossile to see the main map , instead I just have a black screen with cities and units ... I will not expand on the long list of bugs I have already faced , you read that before : -LRB- I bought the game today and I KNOW there is nothing I can do about it , I will bring it back to the shop tomorow and wait for an updated version . So disapointed .
 I had this game running perfectly for two weeks and got a lot of enjoyment out of it . But then , stupid me , I had to go and download the latest ATI drivers and update my Radeon 9600 . Now the game crashes.Only after the fact did I find out that tons of other people are having problems with the new drivers.I 've rolled back , cleaned , and re-installed older drivers all to no avail thus far . Worst part is , I ca n't remember the previous driver version I had when the game was working properly.Darn you Civ Makers !!! These bugs are ridiculous !!!
 Have you ever had one of those dreams where you were trying to run in quicksand ? Or trying to run while stuck in mud , or in waist-high water ? That 's exactly what trying to play Civ IV is like.It 's as much fun as prior editions of Civ , but not more . Essentially what they 've done is bog the game down with excessive cutesy-pie 3D graphics , rather than advancing the gameplay . And I 'm getting really sick of Leonard Nimoy 's voice-over . The game has never actually crashed or locked up on my computer , as it has for others . -LRB- My computer exceeds Civ IV 's requirements . -RRB- But after twenty or thirty minutes of gameplay , when the map gets more complicated and more and more stuff gets built by the various civilizations , it gets so bog slow that I generally bail out and surf the internet instead . We had better get word of a patch very , very soon.Perhaps it will take a class action lawsuit to get game software companies from releasing unfinished titles such as this one . Are n't they , like , * ahem * , taking our money and giving us a broken product ? Any attorneys in the audience ?
 After Alpha Centauri and Civ 3 , I was hoping to get back to the pure fun that were Civ 1 & 2 . I ca n't really put my finger on it , but it did n't happen.Can ' t quite put my finger on it ? Of course , there are the bugs . Lots and lots of them . This is just a badly packaged and tested game - I bought it on day 1 and the editor did n't bother to put up a support page for this game till about 4 or 5 days later - after various game sites had pages and pages of bug reports.But even looking past the bugs -LRB- not an easy thing to disregard , believe me -RRB- , the game just is n't that much fun . The end game still involves drawn out slugging matches with guys who should know better . There is still much micro-managing to be done , because the AI does n't impress by the way it manages terrain improvements . The vaunted zoom feature ? You quickly figure out that zooming too close is useless . Use the wide angle and you ca n't really see what is happening , so it is about as useful as the world minimap . So , you are left with basically the same ol' Civ , a bit more spruced up.I played 5 or 6 games , but then lost interest . Been there , done that . With less bugs . I am hoping that the Python + XML scripting capabilities will result in good mods coming out.Part of my problem is that I find the development vs. warfare split distracting - I would rather play a wargame -LRB- like Rome Total War -RRB- or a game which included a lot less fighting and focussed more on development . Doing both just does n't thrill me that much anymore.Along with religion , the other decent addition was the unit experience and specialization model which rocks . And the encyclopedia was much better integrated this time .
 I 've had Civ IV since shortly after it came out but I 'm still playing CivIII . This is not an improvement on version III , it 's pretty much a whole new game that is n't anywhere near as good as III is . Yeh , it 's got pretty pictures compared to III , but who needs them in this kind of game . It 's not looks - it 's Strategy !! The tech tree is now incomprehensible . It has elements of a fantasy game -LRB- the animals -RRB- . But the worst thing is the lack of a real editor . The `` World Builder '' is available at any time during a game . With Civ III you lived with what you had in the way of resources , units , etc. , once the game started . With this turkey you can go in at any time and add units , resources , whatever . Losing is n't possible anymore . That pretty much spoils it for me .
 The new features are fun . However , game play is TEDIOUS . The game takes forever to load -LRB- if it loads at all -RRB- . Once laoded , each turn takes forever . The graphics are such that moving around the screen takes forever and the AIs take forever to complete thier turn . The time between turns is so long that its easy to get VERY bored with this game VERY fast.Then there are the Wonders movies which , for some reason , often cause my comptuer to crash.Civ 4 is a clear failure . Wait until Civ 5 when hopefully some of the problems will be fixed . That is if this franchise survives beyond this disaster .
 i picked up the last copy of this from my local bestbuy and its already off my hands . why ? because it only took a few hours for me to go all the way through the game . some people have complained that it was too much micromanagement , but i felt it was really the opposite ... a superficial game lacking any meaningful depth or strategy on the level of something truly great like medieval
 If this game was at all playable , it would rate 5 stars . However , as other reviewers have noted , at best this is BETA software . I have a fairly powerful system , well in excess of the recommended requirements , and CIV 4 crashes constantly after I reach the 1800 's . The game is completly unplayable ! Save yourself a headache and wait for patches . Until then , I 'll be playing Civ 3 .
 I have been a fan of CIV games since CIV I. I have n't been able to play Civ 4 because the wold map is black . Checking CIV forums you will notice many other problems with different system configurations . Even with those that exceed the min requirements . Check the CIV forums first.Moreover , customer support is non existant . I have sent emails , checked the web page , and called tech support . Nobody shows up.Very disapointing . 2K Games needs to work harder to solve the many issues CIV 4 has . Wait at least 2-3 months .
 Well I was able to get the game to run at a reasonable clip . FYI I have a 3GHz P4 Dell with a NVidia FX5200 -LRB- PCI -RRB- . By downgrading my NVidia drivers from 85 to 78.1 , then installing `` RIVATuner '' and overclocking my card , I can get the game to run reasonably well from start to end -LRB- not to the finish of the game , since it did n't hold my interest long enough to play that long -RRB- , with FPS never getting below 10 and frequently in the 15-20 range.At those frame rates , the game is moderately fluid , although I would like to play it at 40FPS some day -LRB- after a patch ? -RRB- . Having said that , I 'm still dissappointed . The graphics are detailed , but to me it just clutters the screen and takes away from game play . I set my workers to auto because it 's just too much of a hassle finding them all the time . I 'm sure I 'll get used to the clutter , but right now it is distracting.The best feature of Civ3Conq is still there - cultural borders , and has been improved with the AI 's newfound respect for them . Hardly a paradigm shift , and I also , like others here , would have preferred less effort on graphics and more effort on AI and diplomacy . I 'm sure the 8,000 forms of governments and religions add alot to the game for those paying attention , but I guess I 'm not sophisticated enough to appreciate the subtlety.Maybe its because I 'm getting older , but when CIV1 came out , I averaged 3 hours of sleep per night for 6 months , ended a long term relationship with a live-in because of it , and almost lost my job . After playing CivIV for 4 hours , I started wondering if I should mow the lawn . At some point a game becomes more effort than it is worth - I would say that 's the case here . -------------------- old review follows ------------------------- The fact that this is unplayable in its present form should n't really have surprised me . I think back to Civ3 , PTW , C3C and remember that , that series pretty much sucked until Rhye 's mod pack came along -LRB- faster gameplay , better AI , etc. . -RRB- Let me say that Civ4 installed and played on all four of my computers , ranging from Athlon 1.2 MHz up to both P4 3GHz and Athlon 3GHz machines . All machines had at least an nVidia FX5200 card with 128MB ram and 512M system RAM.However , on all four machines , the FPS went from 12 - 23 FPS on the first turn , down to 1-2 FPS by the end of the 10th turn - this on standard to huge maps . In short , because of the lag the game is unplayable . Note that during the intro scenes the FPS is typically around 70FPS for my better systems.I tried all of the patching -LRB- PakBuild -RRB- , and tweaking -LRB- RIVAtuner , NVHardpageSE -RRB- and messing with the virtual memory settings and background apps and . ini files - none of which made a beans worth of difference.SO , much like what happened with Civ3 , I 'll put this back in the closet until sometime next fall , at which time there will have been 2 or 3 patches , and Rhye will have issued a modpack that speeds up and improves the gameplay.I wo n't be holding my breath for Civ V.
 I have two very different PC setups , one a commercial build -LRB- Gateway -RRB- and the other a more high-end custom-built gaming/video rendering PC . I ca n't run the game at all on the high-end machine , and it crashes constantly on the other.I was very excited when the package arrived yesterday , but it 's already shelved until the first patch . It had better be big ... Edit
 The game itself is a lot of fun ; I think the rest of the reviews have covered that very well.I 'm running it on a two-year-old Presario with a new , midrange GeForce video card and 1.5 GB of memory . The game 's a little sluggish even on the `` low '' graphics setting , especially when scrolling around the map . This is a little bit annoying , but does n't affect gameplay that much.Unfortunately , the game crashes CONSTANTLY after the world starts filling up with cities . The crashes are pretty bad -- dumped back to Windows , which chugs and chugs for several minutes as it tries to clean up Civ 's mess . On my machine , I 'm lucky if I can play three turns in a row after 1850 or so without having to restart the game.A couple of minor irritations with my copy of the presell edition : The two CDs are labeled DISC 1 - INSTALL and DISC 2 - PLAY , but you actually have to have the INSTALL disc in , not the PLAY disc , when you start the game.Also , the giant , often very useful technology-tree chart that came with my -LRB- English-language -RRB- edition of the game is printed entirely in French .
 Please be VERY VERY care before buying this.The Minimum specs are NOT enough to run this game . You need a truely powerful beast.Go over to any of the CIV Forums and you will see just how many 100 's of people are having with this game.Wait a month a least for a couple of patches to be released.This release is a rushed and shambolic disgrace .
 Ordered 2 games , both did n't work on 2 different brand new computers . Tried downloading the patch , then just gave up.They should be ashamed to release this game .
 Please , please , please do not buy this game ! Firaxis has released a game that is only good on certain high end -LRB- T & L -RRB- video game cards . It has absolutely no intention of patching or reworking it for everyone else . Do not throw your good hard earned money away !!! Teach Firaxis a lesson for being so mercenary !
 I bought this game a few weeks before Thanksgiving and have not been able to complete a game at any of the more advanced levels since . THIS GAME IS UNPLAYABLE.This version was rushed to market , is full of bugs and glitches , and will only deliver FRUSTRATION , not fun . If you are confused by some of these reviews , check out any of the Civilization fan sites and read the message boards : -- http://www.civfanatics.com/ -- http://www.1bcciv.com/ -- http://www.apolyton.net/In addition to explaining the fun of the Civilization franchise , they clearly discuss why you should NOT buy this version and wait for Firaxis and 2K to come out with a complete product.My machine is a Pentium 4 , 3.3 GHz , 1024 MB RAM -LRB- 76 % unutilized -RRB- , GeForce 6600 , 256 RAM , 40 GB free on C
 I pre-ordered this game like many other people . When I found it on my doorstep I was so excited to install and lpay the game ! I got it installed after a couple minor glitches and started to play . I should mention , I have a fairly high end gaming machine . Even with graphics set to their lowest settings the graphics lag so bad I can hardly move the mouse . In addition , the game randomly crashes to desktop ! There are massive memory leaks , after 15 minutes of trying to play , my page file was at over 2.4 Gigs and cimbing.This game should not have been released as it is . Does the ability of the internet to be able to patch games give developers the license to release games that are incomplete and * UNPLAYABLE * ? I thank Firaxis and Take2 for the money I will save from not buying games in the future until they have been proven to work . No more pre-ordering from me .
 First off , if this were a `` normal '' game , I 'd probably give it three stars . But this is supposed to be the successor to the Civilization games , with the original Civ 1 being one of the best computer games that has existed . Because of it 's aspirations , and because it fails to meet them so badly , it 's getting one star.There are a lot of good ideas in the game , but ultimately they 're compromised by the poor implementation of everything else . And every bit of game play is plagued by extremely bad performance , even on a fairly high end machine that runs every other game around with no problems at all.For an example of the performance , start up a new custom game . It sits and spins for about a minute , then it says it 's done . But then it sits for at least three or four minutes on that screen without moving . Finally it displays a prompt asking to play , and you click on that and then you wait another minute or two.Likewise , loading a game takes forever and ever and ever ... I also have a big gripe about barbarians . If you do n't turn them completely off , they are persistent and annoying even on the easier levels . That might be OK , but your units no longer level up for defeating barbarians beyond a couple of levels , so you do n't even get rewarded for fighting them off continually.There 's also supposed to -LSB- roll over -RSB- help on all the screens , but it 's missing on the configuration screens . And they 're not explained at all in the manual , it just says to -LSB- roll over -RSB- them to see what they do . So you have to experiment and hope that you can figure them out . There are also a couple of adviser screens with the same problem - icons across the top with no explanation and no -LSB- roll over -RSB- help.I went to their web site to see if they had a forum or other help explaining all these things , or maybe a patch . But you ca n't access the web site without Flash in your browser . I 'm on a satellite hookup with limited download capacity per day , so I have to leave Flash off to keep from going over my capacity . So I ca n't access the web site at all - most companies provide another way to get to their content , not everyone has or wants Flash.To summarize , I 'm very disappointed and I 'm very annoyed . It seems like the publisher rushed this out for Christmas without really testing or balancing things , and without finishing a lot of things either . It does n't stand up to the its predecessors , and I 'm surprised Sid Meier would let them put his name on it .
 As many other reviews say , even though it has been released , this game is NOT DONE YET . I 'm one of the lucky ones who does n't get crashes , but : Half of the hover tips do n't exist and the only documentation for these options says only `` for information , read the hover tips '' . The box saying how much hurrying production would cost only shows on the zoomed-out view.The network code is trash . If ONE PERSON IN A GAME is firewalled , nobody else can join -LRB- or rejoin after a crash -RRB- unless that person leaves . They promised a `` persistent turn-based server named ` Pitboss ' '' but cut it at the last minute for a gamespy lobby -LRB- which scrolls faster than one can click and has no ignore button for spamming idiots -RRB- . On a high-end system with graphics all the way down , it 's SLOW SLOW SLOW . I lose a minimum of 10 seconds per turn to computer chugging , and on the settings most people use in multiplayer there 's only 30-60 seconds per turn.In short , DO NOT BUY THIS until 1 -RRB- a patch is released and 2 -RRB- people say the patch works . This has obviously been rushed to be on the shelves for the holidays and needs another 1-3 months before it is ready for release .
 As I mentioned in my review for Civ3 , I 've been playing civilization in one form or another since the original game came out . Every new edition has something about it that is enjoyable , and something that you miss from previous versions.On the whole , Civ 4 has many new and enjoyable features . Animations are nice , game play is balanced , and the AI is very good when compared to previous versions . In-game movies are back when you build a wonder , there are many options for simplifying or complicating game play based on your personal preference , and Leonard Nemoy does many of the voices on the game . New civics model lets you customize your government more than in past ones -LRB- want a government filled with god-fearing Christian communists ? You can do it ! -RRB- , and the introduction of religion allows for some interesting subtleties ... a fleet of missionaries can be as powerful , in the long run , as a fleet of battleships . When the game plays , it is a pure joy.However , like many other reviews have noted , playing the game is an exercise in frustration . While some folks seem to have no problems , other folks have nothing but problems . My experience has been to load it on three separate machines , one with NVIDA video card , one with ATI , and one with Intel . Intel did n't work at all , really , but it should be noted that the machine barely met minimum specs . The other two machines did very well , although they were well above minimum specs with 128MB video cards , 1Gig RAM , and dual 3.2 GHz and 3.0 GHz processors respectfully . Also , OS was Win XP SP2 and Win XP media respectfully . Both machines had late game crashes to desktop that got worse as game complexity increased -LRB- increased number of cities , increased land improvements , increased visible map , etc -RRB- , to where crashes were reliably -LRB- occurring on maps greater than standard size -RRB- every turn . Smaller maps improved performance -LRB- up to 4-5 turns before crashes -RRB- but still crashed.All of which brings us to the take home point . Gone are the days of solid testing before a release . Understandably , games are more complex , and home computer systems provide a nearly infinite range of configurations , so a perfect game on release will probably never happen , especially when one throws in business concerns . The sin here is not that the game is full of bugs -- as noted , this is really to be expected anymore . The unforgivable sin here is the total lack of customer support -LRB- or failing that just a bit of empathy ... heck , I 'd settle for just a bit of respect to their customers -RRB- by 2K games . Again , as noted in this review and on many web sites , this aspect is totally lacking . Given the aforementioned conclusion that any game should be expected to ship with bugs , the expectation is that the customer service and support folks would be there for the people that spent their hard earned money on their yet-to-be fixed game.Bottom line , save your money until the patch is out for this and all future 2K games . You ca n't trust the company to do right by you . However , once the patch is out , by all means buy this game !
 I understand that support received over 5000 calls the first day that this game was release . I can well believe it from the chatter in the support forums . Even with top of the range PC 's and Graphic cards , this game may not work and/or be sluggish . A fix was released -LRB- 1.0.9 -RRB- late in November that at least resolved some of the black screen issues.My overall issue with the game is the extremely heavy reliance on graphics . This is a turn based game . There really is no need for all the enhanced graphics . I have set all my graphics options on low and it is still graphic heavy . I mean , do we really need to see the white rapids of the small rivers in a game like Civilization?As others have stated , it is extremely buggy and was obviously rushed into the stores for the Christmas season . Download the demo and make sure it works on the intended PC before you buy it . . and certainly do not purchase as a gift unless you first have access to the intended PC.Update
 Someone mentioned the words `` class action suit '' in reference to this abominably bug-infested pupae of a game , and while I 'd attest that that 's going perhaps too far , I can second the sentiment , and assert myself that a `` recall '' might be in order.Imagine , if you will , waiting for your dream vehicle , and while driving it home , it conks out . You call the dealer , and get no word of support or repair being forthcoming , and then are given -LRB- through secondary sources on the web -RRB- some arcanely detailed directions as to how repair your vehicle using spit and chickenwire . It is only when it conks out yet again that you realize the thing is a lemon.The gameplay -- in between hard crashes , reboots , and meltdowns on my slightly above spec computer -- is brillant and addictive as ever . However , this product is defective , and the technical problems will drive you to frustration . I actually got it to work and have played two whole games -- maybe a total of 9 hours -- since getting it two weeks ago . The rest has been spent in repairing what it has done to my computer 's memory or fiddling with reboots to get it to work . Ther ehas benn almost zeronsupport or acknowledgement of all these problems from the producers . Supposedly there will be a patch and all will be better ? For now , it inevitably crashes and creates much woe . I avoided all the video card problems other users are having , but trust me they are many.I hear it works perfectly for some . Lucky them . Will you be one ???
 I enjoyed CIV 3 . This new released promised to be an improvement . It was n't . It has more bugs than a low rent apartment in South Omaha . I trien several times but was unable to play much more than 10 turns before it either slowed to an angonizing pace or totally tied up my computer requiring rebooting . I feel that I wasted my money . to be fair , I wuld have contacted the ortignating company to lodge a complaint or ask for help , but it was not clear how this could be done .
 I am a Civilization fanatic . I play Civ III a couple of hours each day , as I did with Civ I and Civ II . I also own several expansion packages for Civ . I really looked forward to this new release.When it arrived -LRB- advertised as working on Windows ME -RRB- , we installed it and then proceeded to try playing it . Problem after problem occured , but we continued modifying our PC until finally we finally ran into a problem with the video graphics card . Nowhere was it ever mentioned that a new graphics card was required . The systems requirements have been revised to do so since I bought it , but NO MENTION was made back then . If it was made to be run on Windows ME , it should be capable of running with graphics cards from that era or it should be clearly stated otherwise - not something a customer has to dig out for himself . I have heard that 40 % of people have encountered some problem that stops them from playing right out of the box . That 's disgusting . I am out the purchase price unless I buy a new system for this one game . Maybe they should hire somebody who cares about their customers to manage the next project .
 I pre-ordered this game as I used to be a big fan when I was younger , however they moved away from the simple strategy to big graphicsI can be easily entertained with simple strategy but graphics are pointless in my opinion if the strategy is boringthis game has no strategy involved just better graphicsit annoyed me so much when I bought it because I wasted all my time with it to begin with because of all the problems with the game play and savingCiv 2 is still a more interesting game to me than civ 3 and civ 4 combinedca n't get enough of the world war 2 scenario
 I 'll say it right now - Civ 4 is BOOORRRRRRING !!!! While the game appears to run smoother on my comptuer than on those of others in this forum , I have to say that even when teh game is up and running it is boring . The AIs take forever to complete their turn . So basically game play is 10 % actual play and 90 % sitting around and getting bored . Bring a good book!Then there are the many bugs . I say Civ runs smooter on my computer than others with the - er being the operative . It still crashes often when the Wonders movie plays . Also , it takes forever to load - if it loads at all . It also takes forever to close.The game clearly was not adequately Beta-tested . Its pretty bad that Firaxis is basically asking people to pay $ 50 for the right to Beta-test it . Do n't be another sucker ! If Firaxis were smart , they 'd issue a money back offer beacuse of all the bugs . Otherwise , I do not expect them to survive this bomb .
 Do n't be fooled . Civilization used to be a great , low-needs game that could run on every system.Bugs are galore , landscapes and leaders wo n't render , and wonder movies will crash the game.Make sure you have a souped-up desktop and CHECK THE RECOMMENDED REQUIREMENTS . Horrible job educating people about this.Other than that , the gameplay is immersive , soundtrack is sweet , and love the new features . If only the developers and distributors were a little more conscientious in educating the consumer about the system requirements ...
 This version of Civilization is n't all that different from the last version , with two exceptions : -LSB- 1 -RSB- they added lots of religion -LSB- 2 -RSB- they made this version virtually unrunnable.This version is so graphics top-heavy that you simply wo n't be able to play large maps all the way through without great difficulty . Fortunately a crude patch has been written that makes the game playable , but Firaxis seems to be ignoring the author . Not a good sign when a software company releases software that does n't work and then refuses to talk with someone who can help.Civ III is by far more enjoyable as the game can flow -LRB- no delays from lag and no crashing . . -RRB- . As for this version , wait until they clean up their act AND it 's on the bargain rack . It 's not worth the price or frustration to buy it any sooner .
 This game was hyped from the get go ... Look at the first post , well before it was released.I received the game which locked up as it has major problems with ATI video cards.Also , with my new alienware laptop where the inital load movie plays it jumps and pops like pop corn.It 's like this game wasnt even play tested . Very disappointed.Don ' t buy this game until a patch is released !
 If you buy this , do not expect it to work , even with current patches . I have played and enjoyed all of the other Civilization games and I ca n't believe that they would do this to longtime Civ fans . They should have waited to release it when it was actually ready . Do n't pay to beta test ... buyers beware !!
 Before I purchased this installment of Civilization , I looked at the requirements . The box says minimum of 256MB . WRONG !!! The readme that is tucked away wants a minimum of 512MB . NICE !! Do n't believe that 512MB will get you anywhere but problems . Turn off the fly-ins and Wonder movies and it runs ok at the initial stages of the game . However , I have run into so many problems in the end game stages , that I 'm on here writing a review !!! And by the way , my current game has 40 turns left and I 'm stuck again , because now , when I end my turn , the game either crashes -LRB- BECAUSE IT RUNS OUT OF MEMORY -RRB- or after about 2 or 3 minutes of the hard drive spinning , I regain control again only to have a mystery `` layer '' appear and slow the game to a snail 's pace . This mystery layer turns the map orange and green . I 'm sure its trying to show me something `` important '' , but I DID N'T REQUEST THE DATA.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME if you have less than 512MB of RAM . Even then , good luck . Civ3 was sooooooo much better .
 Purchased the game for xmas -- opened it up to find two copies of disk 1 , no copies of disk 2 . Analyzed them both and they are the same disk ! 2kGames is of little help , their support does n't account for this -- amidst several problems with installation -- and their 800 number is inoperable .
 big civ fan , but not so much with this version . i dont have any problems running the game . graphics are nice . i enjoyed the new combat animations , except for armored vehicles , which looked cartoonish . unit promotions were a nice touch . there is way too much going on to keep up with and the game does not keep you informed of whats happening very well . theres a small text box that reads off world events , that you 'll ignore or miss 90 % of whats happening . as one person stated , micromanaging is a pain at best . the biggest gripe is that the game has an entirley different feel from all other installments , but that stems from inovations to the game . overall a few of the new features were nice , but this game is a step down from civ3 , at least for me . i forced myself to complete one game . my suggestion is buy the game and have a go at it , you might like it , but there 's always ebay .
 I am blown away by the number of positive reviews I 've been seeing about this game . I am starting to wonder if we 're all talking about the same product.I ca n't say I actually know anything about how the game plays because I have never been able to get the program to load on my computer . I have a brand new AMD 64 processor and a Radeon 9600 256 mb video card . -LRB- Note to the previous reviewer who actually got the game to work with older ATI drivers ; that sure did n't work for me . -RRB- After spending about 10 hours over two evenings installing , uninstalling , reinstalling drivers , patches , DirectX 9.0 c about ten times , loading every update available for XP , and the game itself , and following every instruction from 2K to the letter , I 've given up.This game simply does not work.I 'm pretty much at the point that I do n't care if Fraxis comes out with a patch to fix the problems or not . It 's clear to me someone got greedy and rushed this product out about four months too early to take advantage of Christmas shoppers . My advise would be to wait awhile before you buy this title to see if the bugs get fixed or not.Civ IV is on my list all right ; my RETURN list .
 I 've played and loved all 3 of previous Civ games , but I definitely no gamer because I do n't have time . I saw this new release and quickly snapped it up , but when I tried to run it on my laptop -LRB- which is a Dell Inspiron only a bit older than 1 year old -RRB- I discovered all the terrain was black . I soon found out online that supposedly my video card was outdated and that I would have to buy a new card if I wanted to run the game . Since I 'm a student , I simply ca n't afford $ 100 after I already dropped $ 50 for the game.It makes me angry that the designers made the game with so many bells and whistles so average gamers like myself could n't even play it on their normal laptops . The beauty of the Civ series was its design and strategy , not its graphics . But apparently in today 's x-box world , a simple strategy game wo n't do . So if you have a normal computer that is n't brand new , beware . Do n't waste your 50 dollars .
 This is a great game when it works . Unfortunately I can only play for a few minutes at a time before being dropped to the desktop.My specs are far superior than the required and yet it still does n't work . I 've been hung up on by their tech support ` hold queue ' 12 + times and have been waiting 2 weeks for a reply to my email tech support request.Don ' t buy this game until they release a patch -LRB- and hopefully it works -RRB- or simply do n't purchase it at all . Had I not opened the box , it would already have been returned.Video is horrible & sound is as choppy as a turntable playing on a tugboat.This release is a disgrace to the Civilization name.AMD Athlon 642 GB PC3200 DDR256 MB FX5700SBAudigy2 5.1
 I read the plans , listened to the hype , read the reviews , viewed the screenshots , etc. for at least a year leading up to the release date . I preordered more than a month before release . Then I got to wait almost three weeks until I received it thanks to Amazon 's shipping queue.I 'm one of the lucky ones . The game installed and ran out of the box . Slower than molasses in January once you get 1/2 -2 / 3 through the game , but it ran.Then came the patch . While I could run the game without the patch , the patch also addresses some gameplay bugs which I did want to fix . Could n't update through the game interface because of my firewall . D/Led patch from -LSB- ... -RSB- but it would n't install . The attempt wiped out the . exe file and I spent about five hours trying to uninstall and reinstall the game . Then had to D/L patch again and muck around with settings to get it to install . Do not waste your time trying to contact 2K Games for help . Sid is out on a game-promotion tour and Firaxis and 2K are so busy making sure all the official game review sites are giving Civ IV a top rating that they do n't seem to be taking calls and emails only received a canned response.Result ? Still some serious gameplay issues/bugs . While saved games load much faster now , the game still has serious memory leaks and lags out badly as bafore . Now the game crashes on occasion even though it did n't before the patch . And all this for a game that is nowhere near as fun as Civ III Conquests running the Rise and Rule mod!Religion is a joke . While it seems counterintuitive , the way it plays out is the more religions you have , the better off you are . The early game is a little more than a race to found the most religions.It takes forever to build anything in the early game yet research seems to clip right along . 3-D graphics add nothing positive to gameplay . In fact the `` camera '' pans and zooms in an often pointless manner . If they had stuck with the old-style graphics , I would wager few people would have system problems with the game . It might also be the cause of the memory leak issue.The manual is huge but basically worthless . Critical information -LRB- such as how to upgrade obsolete units -RRB- is not included . There are , of course , the standard proofreading problems in both the written manual and the Civilopedia.While I thought it was far too easy to achieve a cultural victory in Civ III , it is darn-near impossible in Civ IV . I have yet to get ONE city up to `` Legendary '' let alone the three required . Requiring three cities for a cultural victory also means you can not have a cultural victory if you play One City Challenge . Conquest can also be a challenge since many of the AI civs refuse to fight . Domination is hurt because rapid early expansion is curtailed by the length of time it takes to build anything in the early game and the fact that even on a huge map there are * always * AI civs starting within a couple city-radii of my starting point.There are faint glimmers of hope in this game . Polluted tiles from population/buildings have been eliminated . Creating a `` civics mix '' is a nice touch although religion needs to be tweaked -LRB- see above -RRB- . If Firaxis/2K spend another year or so 1 -RRB- listening to and communicating with customers 2 -RRB- cleaning up the code and 3 -RRB- balancing some of the gameplay issues , they could have a good game . Until then , caveat emptor .
 This is the biggest disappointment I 've had with a computer game that I can ever remember . If you 're reading this , you 've probably been looking forward to Civ IV also . Well , the publisher obviously rushed it out the door before it was done.The biggest issue is that it 's slow even on a nearly new top of the spec machine . And turning down the graphics details , etc. , does n't do all that much to help . The graphics are n't that great anyway , everything is a little fuzzy even on the highest setting.Then there are a lot of minor , but very annoying , things that did n't get done . Throughout the manual it says to `` roll over '' things to get help . But most of the help system apparently was n't completed , because there 's no rollover help.It says to press Escape to get out of screens . But it does n't work on several of them , you have to find the exit button and press it . And the exit button is in a different place on every screen - no consistency at all.And then there 's the web site - I went to try to see if there was any help or patches , but it wo n't let you in if you do n't have Flash . Some of us do n't want or ca n't use Flash - if you do n't provide us an alternative , then you 're shutting out a lot of people.I 'd suggest skipping this game until either the price drops twenty bucks or they get some major patches out the door -LRB- and let you into their web site to get them -RRB- .
 I ca n't say a lot more than what has already been said . My sincere hope was that Civ IV would be an evolution of Civ III , but they have tampered too much with the good , made some bad choices , and some downright ugly changes.The good
 I love Civilization . I 've been playing the game since it 's first release . I was hoping , however , that the slowness of the engine would be resolved . It has n't . Molassas in January in the Artic would run faster.In addition , there were issues with my video card . I have a GeForce FX 5700 and experienced the video issues described with ATI cards . I would think that QA at the developers would have resolved these issues before release . Indeed , I have to restart my computer after playing the game . This seems excessive.I can not recommend this game until these issues are addressed .
 There are so many bugs in this game that I do n't know where to begin . I meet all of the system requirements , yet I get no faces , a black map and $ 50 wasted ! There had better be a few patches appearing shortly at Civ4 website ! I hope this is a huge public relations nightmare for this company .
 I am a computer programmer , and this game makes me sick . I have never seen such a piece of trash thrown into a box and sold to people . I think the game itself is pretty interesting , but what does it matter since I ca n't play a game all the way through ? Once I get to the 1800s or so , the game crashes every 2 or 3 turns . Firaxis and 2k Games -LRB- the companies responsible for this piece of garbage -RRB- should be ashamed of themselves . I want my $ 50 back until you finish beta testing !
 I have been playing civilization for years , I enjoy playing it , however CIV IV has so may problems ... Firaxis and Sid Meier should be ashamed of collecting money for a game that does not work ... PLEASE check the message boards of fans of the civilation series . I am so dissapointed in this game , knowing how much fun it could be ... I am a hard-core gamer for years and play many other games with my premium cpu with a premium graphic card . This game does not work correctly and the developers know it ... Myself and many hundreds of gamers have the same problems , -LRB- ... -RRB- They made an update available , that does not address any of the problems that this game has ... Truly dissapointing and sad , I only hope I can play this game one day the way I played civilization III . Also , the Tech Support for this game is non-existent . DO NOT BUY , UNTIL GAME IS FIXED ... Check the message boards listed above to find out if it ever gets fixed , or if you can get your hard earned money back ... DO NOT BUY
 I wish I 'd known BEFORE I bought this game that it would n't work with any Intel graphics cards . If you have an Intel 82852/82855 GM/GME graphics controller , you get the infamous floating eyeballs and black , unplayable map . Simply flushing $ 50 down the toilet is quicker and involves a lot less fruitless clicking and tweaking.I 've been playing Civ avidly since the first version , had been looking forward to a new Civ for months , and I 'm very frustrated . Why on earth set the hardware requirements so high ? I 've never played any of the Civ series for graphics or sound ; it was always the gameplay that kept me playing over and over . So now I ca n't enjoy that gameplay because of all the whiz-bang graphics nonsense that I do n't care much about anyway.I guess I 'll break out Colonization yet again and enjoy its chunky pixels and delightful gameplay . Maybe the authors of this lemon should do the same .
 Now , obviously not everybody is going to have technical difficulties with this product . However , I have a slightly older desktop computer that , when playing , produces a black map and all of the `` advisors '' in the game are gross floating eyeballs and mouths . The map problem , however , renders the game unplayable.So I installed the game on my virtually new laptop ; P4 3.06 GHz , 768 MB RAM , ATI Radeon 9000 ; etc. . This yielded new problems such that the main menu to begin the game does n't even load and , before I re-installed my video card driver , could n't even get past the load screen . I 've worked with many others on fan sites with similar and other problems . I 'm sure the game is wonderful if it works -LRB- hence why I refuse to give it only 1 star -- but I ca n't honestly rate it higher since I ca n't play it -RRB- . Until a patch is released , I recommend waiting to purchase if you can stand it . Neither of my two computers could play it . No reason to waste your money until you are more guaranteed the ability to actually play it . Check out other Civ IV fansites to see the many other problems that exist .
 I am a Sid Meier geek . I love Civ and all previous versions of it . I also play Pirates . I was so excited , as were previous reviewers , when I received this game , I ripped it open in anticipation . It installed fine , no glitches there . but I was never able to play it . I own a nice computer that exceeded the system requirements . I called `` technical support '' , what a joke that was . After being disconnected 4 times , I finally got a human who told me to try a fix that had nothing to do with my problem . After 5 hours of applying that fix , the game still would not work . I am returning my copy and it breaks my heart .
 I have loved the Civ franchise since it came out , and I am sure this game is great for those few people that can play the game . Do n't think that the problems you are hearing about are isolated events . There are many bugs in this game , and it is not guaranteed to work even if you have the recommended system requirements . I meet all the requirements , and I have downloaded the patch , and it is still unplayable . You are taking the risk of buying a $ 50 paperweight if you buy this game . I have never had a worse experience with a game . Do n't waste your time and money on this product ; it is most likely going to dissapoint . I for one am sending mine back to 2K games with a nice letter telling them how great a game company they are . Please do n't think I am just one bitter owner of this game , there really is a lot of problems with this game . Read the forums , do n't read the reviews by gaming websites .
 This game is one absolute , unmitigated catastrophe . It 's a total mess and a waste of $ 50 . Do n't believe the other reviews -- they 're probably written by the developers . I have been a huge Civ fan since 1992 , and trust me , if you 're a true blue Civ fan -- or even if you 're not -- this game will disappoint you . Why ? Where do I begin ... First , the game was , without a doubt , not ready for publication . It 's completely riddled with bugs , typos , missing graphics , and broken help file links . Let 's put it this way -- the game comes with two CDs , and they 're mislabeled ! One says `` Install '' the other says `` Play '' but they 're reversed ! The play CD is the install CD and vice versa . Do n't believe it ? Firaxis has admitted it . So right when you take the game out of the box things start off bad.Then there 's the issue of getting the game to play . Probably half the people who 've purchased it ca n't get it to play . Civ forums have literally thousands of posts from people looking for help . Firaxis support is nonexistant . They 've stopped answering the phones and answering email . I have three top-of-the-line computers , and the game will play on only one of them.Then , if you get the game to play , you 'll wish you had n't . First , the game makers tried to wow their audience with a `` rich , interactive '' 3D world that ranks right up there with , oh , Warcraft 3 . The graphics demand a high-end video card but are completely ho-hum . What 's worse is the graphics make the game play `` floaty '' . Remember how Pac Man in the Atari version of Pac Man kind of floated through the maze ? That 's what this game reminds me of . You do n't have precise control of the game camera . Move your mouse slightly to the left , and the game starts to scroll to the left ... slightly to the right , to the right . If you scroll your mouse up to click on the menus , the camera scrolls way to the top of the map all of a sudden so your looking on the polar cap!What 's more , if you 've gotten your fill of Civ 3 , this game will not do anything to renew the franchise for you . Same game . Same gameplay -- except slower and harder to control . They threw in a couple new civs , a couple new techs , a couple new ways to govern , and that 's it . Basically a mod to Civ 3 with crappy supposed-to-be-state-of-the-art-but-not graphics.Oh did I mention the animals ? You know in Warcraft 3 or Age of Empires how you have wandering animals ? Now you have them in Civ . They serve absolutely no purpose but to kill your scouts that you 've set the auto-explore . And of course , the scouts who are auto-exploring do nothing to avoid them . They just walk up on them and get killed . Hurray ! Now I have to build another scout and waste another 8 turns ! What a great way to speed up the game!The interface is junk , too . Gone are the cool , clear , bright dialog boxes with your friendly advisors popping up to tell you you 've discovered a new tech or that your treasury is running low . Now the game throws up a dark dialog box that covers up almost the entire screen with the name of the tech you discovered at the top , the stuff that tech opens up to you at bottom , and a bunch of wasted space in between . Oh ! And Leonard Nimoy reads some totally irrelevant quote from the Bible or the Illiad that 's somehow related to the tech you 've discovered . DUMB!Oh , and then they have these superfluous cut scenes of wonders getting built . You build a wonder , and the game interrupts the action to try to show you a cheesy little movie of the pyramids being built . Uh , hello ? Cut scenes make sense in a game with a story , but not a turn based game!Beyond the bugs , hangups , crashes , pointlessly bloated graphics , frustrating interface , broken links in the Civilopedia , opponent leaders who are nothing more than eyes and teeth -LRB- yes , you read that right -- the leaders do n't have faces on many systems -- just eyes and teeth -RRB- , mislabeled CDs , absent tech support , and slow , floaty gameplay , what you 're left with is n't even a fun game . It 's a bore . It 's totally slow . In Civ3 I often deliberately turned off animations to get on with the action and strategy . In Civ4 , the whole thing hinges on the stupid animations , and as a result , the game just drags.In short , this game has a completely amateurish , unfinished feel to it . It 's worthless . Nothing redeeming about it except , maybe , the manual . On a scale from 1 to 10 , I 'd give this game a 0 . Do n't buy it -- trust me .
 Unless you want to disappoint someone , DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME AS A 2005 HOLIDAY GIFT . While the game tantalizes you with the amazing graphics and gameplay - IT SIMPLY DOES NOT WORK.Two different PCs . On one PC the game runs unbearably slow - taking 45-60 minutes to process a turn . On the other PC , the game crashes frequently . And good luck trying to reach someone at tech support . A search of online gaming forums show that I 'm not alone.This game was rushed to reach store shelves by the holidays . I believe that they will fix these gameplay bugs eventually . But as of this writing , you would be making a TERRIBLE MISTAKE to buy this game .
 I 've had this on my wish list forever and only just got it off Marketplace . The graphics are super lame and the game play is so-so . I guess I just wanted classic Tetris only with Touch Screen and this is not it . The Tower puzzle in Touch mode is OK but the rest is sort of boring and lame . It was so retro and lacking any innovation as well as the classic mode , I thought I might have been shipped a knock off .
 When i recived this game i tried to load in my DS and game would not come up it was D.O.A.I had wrote the company for a RMA # and Amazon gave me a full refund . I was very happy deling with Amazon .
 The game does not work in the Nintendo Dsi , but it works in the Nintendo DS . I called Nintendo when I got it and they told me that the game was not made by Nintendo and some one is copying games and selling them . Becacafull this do n't happen to you . Nitendo also said that the new DSi will only play game that Nintendo make not copys to try to stop people from doing this . My game also came New >
 I have never received this item and Amazon said they would help . If you have to buy from Sunshine , do not . This is the first time I have ever had a problem with Amazon , but we do n't forget .
 The Tetris game purchased was for a child with a Traumatic Brain Injury and highly reccommeneded for people with TBI.However the game we received from Amazon which was sold as new unused , acttually is used and worn out from use . Even after contacting the retailer from Amazon I have heard nothing back.So I am very disatisfied with my recent Amazon purchase .
 When I received the game it would not work . I contacted the seller and they told me to send it back , which I did on May 14 , 2009 . Now the seller will not answer my emails . I have no game and I 'm out the money .6 / 8/2009
 it didnt work ! I am still looking for ine that works I had one enjoyed playing it now i want another one /
 Unfortunately , the game I received does not work ... Pity , I love Tetris and would never have killed it.After the Nintendo DS warning screen ... I touched it to continue and ... it turns a ghostly white . The poor game is dead and I am in limbo awaiting the seller on AMAZON to determine what to do.I purchased it used and chose a seller who had a `` great '' reputation and who stated it was in `` like new '' condition.Now , I wait for their determination , I do not like this kind of customer service . Will keep you all posted !
 What more can I say it is probably a great way for kids to have fun and exercise . However my kids never got the priviledge because it would not work . Bought this for my two sons on Christmas , put batteries in plugged it up , however nothing more than a plaid screen appeared frozen . I guess the statement of you get what you pay for is true . Unfortunately this product was not free , lol !
 Great concept , but the mat slides all over the floor , pretty much no matter what you do . This basically ruins the game .
 This Star Wars video game is so awesome ! Level 1
 This game was a very fast , easy , boring game . It was n't fun because most of the game was clips from the Star Wars movies . The only reason I gave it two stars was because it would show some excitment to young begining players .
 VMU games are the worst thing ever . I dont know why I thought this would be a good idea to buy because its garbage . It features grade school quality acting . Maybe you could consider it to be one of those so bad its good kinda things . In that case 11 thumbs up .
 I should know better than to buy games that are movie tie-ins but this one looked like it was fun.Whats good ? ... well . . you can be Jack Sparrow and the graphics are pretty decent.Whats bad ? Camera angles are quirky , the game is too dark and you need to play in a very dark room to see , there are no items to look for , you just go from level to level hacking and slashing.no matter how good the movie is , this is my last tie in game .
 Based on the gameplay alone , this is probably the most fun hockey game on the market . The controls for offensive and defensive situations are great , and the goaltending and fighting controls are better than it 's EA rival . The color is vibrant , the gameplay is smooth , and the soundtrack is one of the best I 've ever heard for a video game -LRB- I went as far as to by Dozer 's most recent album after hearing their song on this game . -RRB- However , if you get into this game on a long-term basis , its magic begins to end . I did a few simulations to the end of the season and if the computer had my team win the Stanley Cup , I ended up getting a near $ 7M bonus towards purchasing player 's contracts for the next season . However , when I decided to play the game out and win the Cup myself , the bonus I received was for $ 500K ... a far cry from what I could have earned had I let the game play for me.After you draft new players , you have to go and manually change the name . Otherwise , bugs begin to appear . If you run simulations with an above-average team , expect them to post an under .500 recrod by the time it 's said and done.All and all , if you 're looking for a game you and your friends can play and enjoy , this is it . But if you 're looking for a game that you can really get into in regards to a deep franchise mode , there 's unfortunately no current hockey title on the market I can really recommend for you .
 I have to agree with other posters , but felt necessary to warn others . The game is fun , when you can actually get it to do what you want . We all know what a good hockey game is supposed to be like , so I will just highlight the problems .1 . The game has some serious freezing issues ! Please see the NHL2k forums on their website if you do n't believe me . After 2-3 games in season mode , following the game it will freeze up , losing the results of the game you played . The only way to get around it is to SIM a game . Who wants to SIM a whole season ?!?! 2 . The slide bars adjusting everything from penalties , rules , and anything else have to be slid to either extreme to see any real differences .3 . A menu system designed by S&M ; guru . It takes like 20 clicks deep to find the one thing you were looking for . It gets easier , but takes like 5-10 minutes just to adjust settings before each game .4 . Multiple save files . You have to save your profile , settings , rosters , and seasons all seperately , thus having to reload each one prior to a game as well . Again , time consuming to get to a game .5 . Fighting is horrible . Seriously , Blades of Steel has a better fighting engine .6 . The commentary , although insightful at times with hockey trivia , is sleep inducing . I 've gotten to the point where I turn it off completely just to make it feel like I am at hockey game and not a book reading .7 . Checking/injuries/penalties balance . If there is one , I have n't found it . You can do some pretty bone crushing checks -LRB- including making a player go head over heels ! -RRB- but a penalty probably wo n't be called unless you have the slide bar almost to the max and then every little thing is called . Injuries happen on routine checks more often than big ones .8 . Edit Lines . What hockey game player does n't want to edit his/hers lines ? Editing is n't too hard , but is buggy . For instance , you have a roster of approx 40 players , but can only dress 20 and scratch 3 to a game . But you have to click on EACH player to see if they are dressed , scratched , or in the minors . Tedious . Then everytime a player gets hurt , you do n't know if he is back unless you check his personal screen EACH game prior to setting your lines . Plus after an injury , my player stayed in the game -LRB- ???? -RRB- , but when I tried to ulter my lines during the game in response to his injury -LRB- he was listed as injured on my edit lines screen still -RRB- the computer stated that I had ` roster violations ' by not having enough players dressed and/or scratched . It was a Catch-22 and I was stuck in the screen b/c trying to exit resulted in a warning forcing me to re-edit , but then trying to re-edit resulted in the warning . I had to push reset !!! 9 . When reviewing rosters and free agents , there is NO way to sort by player name ; although the designers allow everything down to shoe size practically to be sorted . This results in very tedious roster updating , which should be done b/c the roster is only current as of approximately August 2006 before the end of free agent signing .10 . The minigames are just filler . There appears to have been a lot of time and creativity spent on the minigames , of which there are at least 25 I would say , however , most are pretty silly and feel like they come down more to luck than any actual skill or fun .11 . The instructional booklet . This is one of the worst instructional booklets I have used . It 's long , about 50 pages , but tells you NOTHING about the game . It repeats lots of controls , but tells you nothing about all the other menus in the game and even what the different options available . For instance , 25 pages are dedicated to the different types of controls , but not one paragraph on the different types of strategies and/or setups available for your team . A simple one or two sentece description would have been helpful for example to differentiate between a 1-2-2 defense strategy versus blueline or zone . To a very seasoned hockey player those are simple , but to new gamers , which I 'm not , but neither a seasoned hockey player , a simple statement would help know what to choose for customization .
 This game is really slow . There is hardly any turbo and the gameplay stinks . Pond hockey mode is cool but it gets old . This game is very easy and the fighting is bad . The goalies lie down and make the same save every time . Then the goalies make too many hand passes . Do n't waste your money .
 First off I would love to ask the developers why this game was delayed a month !? I have been loyal to 2K since their first hockey offering and I waited patiently until this year . I went out and bought NHL 07 , was promptly disappointed , sold that game and waited for this . What a waste.NHL 2K7 is virtually unchanged since last year barring some minor menus alterations and updated rosters . I can not find anything that could make a month delay understandable . This game could have easily come out in June . Whats worse about the delay is that the game appears to be unfinished or at least poorly tested.The gameplay of 2K7 is almost identical to 2K6 and it is the best part of the game . Although on higher levels the game deteriorates into a hitting bonanza and what is up with penalties !?!? One of the great things about 2K hockey was the slide bars to slowly adjust the game in all aspects but for some reason I could not get the penalties right . Either I would get 20 penalties a game on one setting or none at all on slightly lower scales . I still am struggling to get the bars even so you get nice parity.Fighting still stinks . It 's a joke really and should n't even be here if that is all they can do with it . Hockey players do n't turn around in the middle of a fight . EA 's fighting system was much more interesting.The on the fly coaching is great . I loved this feature and it is still here which is a plus . However the other strategy features are n't always responsive . For instance the pressure meters or the face off setups do n't always resond to your input . just a frustrating thing.The biggest gripe I have with this game is just the simple menu navigation . Is it entirely neccessary to have 8,000 menu 's to navigate but when you traverse them all you still ca n't find what you want . The text and color schemes wear on the eyes and become hard to read after a while . Menus take a while getting used to as well.Plus in Franchise mode I have noticed some major annoying features . One , changing your teams playing strategy requires you to adjust it during each game . I am sure there is a save function somewhere in all those menus but I have n't found it . In the Franchise screnes there is no way to save your strategy setups and I find myself having to do it before each game . Also everytime a player is hurt or removed from your roster the computer resets your lines to the asinine defaults . I have the Auto-fill and auto-coach features off but the game is programmed to mandate that all lines must be full so if a player is removed it will reset . What an annoyance when you completely change all of your lines from 5on5 to PP and PK lines , etc then have them all reset and have to set them over again . A simple save lines function would be very easy and super nice.Some other glaring omissions . No salary cap ? EA had the cap in play and it was nice to keep up with the NHL but here there is only the budget which can easily be manipulated . The deke 's have pretty much been removed from the game making gameplay a little more bland , and lastly the feature of allowing teams to offer bonus incentives to players in their contract is useless . Incentives never seem to have any impact on whether a player will sign with you or not.The franchise mode in 2K7 is fairly neat with it 's minor league team however much of all the bells and whistles are quickly identified as cotton candy features . What does this mean ? Well for the most part most of the franchise feautres have no bearing on anything other than distracting you into thinking you are managing your team . But the reality is your coaching staff , contract offers , minor league team , etc really do n't do anything . You can take the worst coaches , never have your players practice , ignore the chemistry meters , etc and the game is n't really any different . Also the game rarely rewards you with much when you do participate in these things . EA 's franchise mode is far more in depth and complete compared to this.Sadly though even though I do n't care for this game gameplay wise it still is better than EA 's . NHL 07 had the worst gameplay I have ever seen in a hockey game so I am stuck with 2K7 this year.Next year I hope these developers actually put some meat in this shell of a decent hockey game . Sadly seeing as how this game has n't changed at all for the past 4 years I doubt it .
 This is a fun game that is spoiled by only a few minor in-game problems and one major glitch . I am only writing this to let people know about possible glitches in the game that detract from gameplay and to comment on aspects of the game that I have really noticed to be good or bad.before i mentioned the negative , i will say that the settings are extensive and offer a lot of customization towards the game you play , so if you like a lot of fights and hits , you can change the slides to make the game more physical ; or if one type of penalty is aggravating the snot out of you , you can pretty much turn it off -LRB- lower the frequency its called -RRB- . Now the negative . The aforementioned fights . . well . . they are quite lame . They just do n't feel like a hockey fight , especially since every fight ends up the same way . . you both fall down . It gets monotonous.Though the major bad item , the one that made me write this review ; is freezing glitches . The game -LRB- for me -RRB- freezes up numerous times after my games and prevents me from saving my season . Keep that in mind if you are thinking of buying this game . There are other freezing glitches in the game as well , but you 'd have to browse 2KSports forums on their website to get a feel for how prevalent they are throughout the game.I can not compare this game to NHL 07 though if I can not find a way to avoid the freezing glitches ; I will get my hockey fix with that title .
 Honestly I ca n't say much for a game that has a theme that 's been done so many times before and yet still neglects to provide any real variation . The only variation is in the characters which are not all that much different other than thier color and that does n't score too many points in my book . I think this genre has hit a creative wall . If you are planning on buying this title , makes sure you buy it USED so you do n't feel like such a waste .
 I got ATV Rally at a thrift store for $ 2 , and it was not worth it . The game is a learning game , where players try to please the 3 nagging characters ! 1st , you have to sign in with your name , age , and ATV class . But if you pick the `` wrong '' one , it wo n't let you continue ! But it does n't matter anyways because they all look and feel the same ! After that , you have to put on all of your gear , put on the parts to an ATV , and check off the `` golden rules . '' The game is very unrealistic , and it is even missing a part when you put on all of the parts to the ATV ! Then you have to check off the 6 `` golden rules . '' Which are 6 unofficial rules about ATV 's . Finally , you get to the game , but it is not what I expected at all . The ATV 1st of all controls very stiff . And some times , it 's hard to keep control of it ! You do have 6 trails to ride on , but there not very exciting at all as they have no jumps , no obstacles , and no other riders ! At the beginning of every trail there is a street that you have to cross . If you do n't stop and look both ways , then you hear an unrealistic car crash sound ! It 's very ironic that there are streets to cross at the beginning of EVERY trail ! The graphics in the game are terrible . This game was made in 2001 , and it looks NOTHING like other video games at the time . The backgrounds and trails are very pixolated , and the ATV and your rider does n't even look 3D ! It looks more like sharp polygons , and it barely moves , so you ca n't really call it 3D ! It 's like an allusion that makes it look 3D ! Every single time you just barely ride off of the small skinny trail , the 3 annoying characters complain about it and tell you things like , `` Stay on the trail . '' and `` Get back on the trail ! '' If you go `` too fast '' they also scold you ! You do n't go fast to begin with , and they deduct points off ! See , every 2 seconds points get added toward your goal off 60 points . But if you barely go off the trail , go too fast , do n't shift your weight back when you are going down a hill , and you do n't shift your weight forward when you are going up !!! If you do somehow manage to get 60 points , then you earn a patch for that trail . But honestly , it 's hard to earn 60 points and enjoy the game at the same time . The game is very easy when you do what the 3 characters tell you to do . But like I said , the control of the ATV can get slippery at times so it 's honestly hard to stay on the trail ! The annoying voices , the terrible non-3D graphics , the limitations you have in the game , and the too much attention to saftey , makes this game virtually unplayable ! DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !!! You are much rather off buying a great ATV game like the ATV Off Road Fury series , on Playstation 1 and 2 , Prue on Playstation 3 , or even the MX VS ATV series . If you see it , do n't buy it .
 I thought this was a cd but it ended up being a game . I did not realize it when i purchased it . I have not played it because i am not interested in playing a game . The item description could have been more clear to avoid misunderstanding
 The format of the switch is great , and it is too bad that -LRB- at least through component cables -RRB- it is not compatible with the Wii . That 's because it loses video sync on extremely bright signals , like the Wii 's pure-white menu.It also appears to blow-out the highlights of DVD video sources , and loses sync on over-bright video signals from DVD as well.So basically , I am returning this unit and trying to find something that does not interfere with my component imagery .
 For the most part , this product does what it says , however , during certain parts of movies the screen get this weird effect where a large black rectangle moves from the bottom to the top of the screen . It seems to happen where the screen changes drastically from dark to bright lighting , but I have n't nailed it down . It REALLY ruined the experience of the movies we were watching . However , it 's the only product out there that does this at this price point . It was unacceptable to us though , and it is now sitting in storage . I do n't want to resell it to someone , because it really is not something people should be using until they fix that problem .
 The picture Quality looks bad , so I got better A/V cables to connect the dam thing to the T.V , which seemed to work the cable they send you is garbage . Also with the Selector my Time Warner cable works fine and looks descent now that I added better wires . I plugged my PS3 and Xbox 360 into it and they look fine but no sound comes out I am still trying to figure out the problem , I even plugged it into the port where i have the Time Warner Cable is which I know works fine , but still no sound .
 I ordered this hunk of garbage based on the misleading product description , only to discover that the thing has a grand total of 3 optical digital audio inputs.I guess they do n't expect that we 'd want to listen to anything from the other two component video inputs.The lack of audio inputs for the other 40 % of the inputs renders the device worthless to me . Hope I can spare you the wasted time purchasing and then instantly returning one .
 This product never worked for me but i do admit that the company was very good in answering my emails and giving me advice on what to do to fix it . They even offered a full refund if I could n't get it working . They have excellent customer service
 Sorry for the late review , it was missing a wire to connect it to the PS2 to the T.v. set , so I had to re-order another gun from someone that had the wire , it would have been alright for the price if it had the wire , I need to read more correctly next time , when it said gun only , I thought probably it came with the wires to as well.Nicole ...
 It doesnt work-you can hear the gun shoot but there are no crosshairs . very disappointed .
 I 'm a huge fan of Kingdom Hearts . But this game is such a let down . The card system puts me to sleep . It 's incredibly annoying . I do n't like cards . Any type of cards . But I love Kingdom Hearts . Unfortunately , cards ruined it . I 'm looking forwards to Kingdom Hearts 2 . I do n't think I 'll ever finish playing Chain of Memories though . Too boring .
 bad graphics even for a gba game , controlls that are not very responsive , and a card battle system that sucks and is hard to use , I 'll stick with the first two on the ps2 that are goodThis review may only legally be shown directly on Amazon.com
 Card Battle !? UGH ! Horrible!Poor quality game . They ruined the quality of the original game.I only have it because I love the original and am a collector , and need complete series ...
 Not sure if we like this game or not as we ordered on on November 19th , and as of today , December 23rd it has not shipped . This has happened to me before with pre-ordered stuff so I would be really cautious if you want something for a gift when you order from Amazon . In reading the other reviews it looks like this has happened to other people . Better buy it at the store , so you can be sure you get it when you need it . I thought over a month was plenty of time to receive it , but I guess I was wrong .
 I got this game expecting it to have a battle system like Kingdom Hearts . I was greatly disappointed and angry . Whoever came up with this battle system should be fired . It 's terrible . You fight alone and you have stupid cards that need to be `` reloaded . '' Everytime you reload , the reload period is longer . I spent ten minutes knocking Hades 's health down by one quarter and while I was reloading he managed to heal it . I 'm thankful I only rented this pathetic game . -LRB- By the way , I 'm not Aaron Johnson , this is my father 's account -RRB-
 Ok , let 's be honest - this game is being marketed as a continuation of Square Enix 's Final Fantasy series for GBA . At least in my area they are playing up the Square Enix name in the ads . That being said , this is not Final Fantasy , it is a Yu-gi-oh rip-off . I do n't think that alone is a bad thing , but it would help in the advertising if they would say - IF YOU LIKE YU-GI-OH , YOU WILL LOVE KH
 I 've been excited about Kingdom Hearts ever since i heard about its release . There was no question whether or not i would buy it but it was a huge mistake . This game let me down in so many ways .1 . graphics - Most enemies movements are made from only 3 frames of movement . I ca n't remember the last time a game 's artists were so lazy . The animation looks very choppy and is painful to look at . Could the backgrounds be anymore dull ? Every room is exactly the same .2 . targeting system - This is especially frustating when it comes to the bosses . Most of the time , Sora will be chopping away at a little flame in the corner or an object off in the distance while enemies relentlessly pounds him to death . Instead of helping , this detracts from the overall playability of the game . Most of the time , you are battling the targetting system and not the enemies .3 . Useless and corny dialogue - Do we really want to hear Aladdin whine and Beast feel sorry for himself ? I sure do n't .4 . Only two CG sequeences - Go to the Kindom Hearts website and you can see all the CG that is in this game.Basically , do n't buy this game . You are not missing much .
 Kingdom Hearts mixes the world of Final Fantasy and Disney which apparently , everyone loves . I mildly enjoyed the games on PS2 so I decided to go ahead and pick this puppy up as well . For those of you who thought the PS2 counterparts got pretty repetitive or monotonous in some parts ... the GBA version is even moreso . The fighting system is changed up a bit , and instead of just button mashing , you 're left with cards . You can mix your cards for different attacks or , just button mash . I 'll admit , the `` card system '' took a little getting used to but after I became comfortable with it ... I decided I did n't like it at all . Why mess with the original structure of the game ? Well I 'll tell you why , it 's because this incarnation does n't offer much in terms of story or gameplay . Yes , it takes place between KH1 and 2 but you 're not gon na miss a beat if you just skip over this one.The best aspects of the PS2 versions -LRB- upgrading your character , feasting your eyes on Disney characters and worlds -RRB- is pretty much gone here . Due to graphical limitations , all the worlds are limited to rooms ... that just slightly resemble the world they 're in . The only thing you can upgrade this time around is your health , how many cards you can carry and the cards themselves . I do n't know about you , but for me , that was about as exciting as sticking my head in an oven . The story is nothing to swoon over either , as all these characters talk about are memories -LRB- and yeah , I 'm pretty sure they come from your brain , not your heart -RRB- . I was n't the greatest fan of the PS2 Kingdom Hearts games . I thought they were just `` okay '' so perhaps this is n't my cup of tea . It 's a little fun to hear all the familiar themes and even to lay the smackdown on some heartless , but that all wears off quickly . For all you die hard fans out there , go ahead and give this one a go , I 'm fairly confident you wont be disappointed . As for any other average gamer ... just keep walkin ' ...
 Abandon that glimmer of hope now . I did n't , and I tarnished my view of both the GBA and the Kingdom Hearts franchise . I love Kingdom Hearts 1 and 2 . They 're two of my favorite games of all time , but this GBA turd is n't worthy of anyone 's time . Yeah , theres a couple storyline gaps filled in , but a real fan can read a story description online . The card based system DOES ruin the game . The rest of it would be alright , but they attempted to add a new dimension on the KH fighting system and it just turns out annoying . Avoid this game .
 The game has a far inferior battle system compared to its predecessor and is mostly just random fights in a series of repetetive maps . The GBA version has none of the exploring that made KH a lot of fun .
 Well , It 's OK . I think that the best part is the card battling system . you have a deck of cards . Each card has a value from 0-9 . Enemies also have and use cards for attacks , the same way you do . When you use a card while someone else is , the card with the higher value succeeds and the lower valued card is `` broken '' and the user is stunned . that 's probably the most interesting part of the game . The rest is kind of boring . The awesome graphics that have been advertised on the site only occur a few select times and look pixelated . Another down in this game is that all the rooms in the game follow a random predefined structure , but still have different colors . -LRB- in English
 This game seems like it has it all , especially because of all of the rave reviews and good graphics , but all the stages seem the same . The card system is REALLY bad . This game is not anything . The only hard part is the bosses , which take forever to beat . They are the only thing that brings lenghth to the game . I played kingdom hearts for PS2 , and it was so superior . I usually write positive things about games , and when I write a boo review I often include positive things . Here they are : Pretty good graphics , but do n't be fooled.That is it . Please , consider this before buying the game .
 How do you review a product that has not yet been released ? Of what value is it ?
 namine and nainme are the most evil sisters on the universes of all galaxies and clutter out there !!!! perferred the fan versionb but i hate nainme !!!
 I dont like namine . In fact the game would be better if SHE was n't inturuppting it . That weirdo dark side of rIKU LIKES her but the normal side do n't in that way . She is purer evil and i CAN make spiteful comments on her if I want to . I hear Shes not in kingdom hearts 2 , I will be pleased if shes not there , plus shes a rubbish drawer , oh and I am not jealous I am even debating shes not in kingdom hearts ! WHOS WITH ME ON THIS ONE I 'D LIKE TO SEE MY REVIEW AS HELPFUL ABOUT THIS FREAK CALLED NAMINE !!!!!!
 On `` Bad Decision '' , come on nobody can make a reivew like that . Your point is somewhat biased . You should atleast play the game . and know the game boy advance is not stupid , I have one and I am 16 , but then again I hardly play it . This `` Kid 's Review '' was written without an arguement and without facts to back up your poorly put together review . And beating the first game does n't prove anything , besides this game leads into the next game . One last thing I have not played it either , but I will be buying it soon , so my review really is not a review , this just argues your point .
 this game sucks and its only good if your a kingdom hearts fan -LRB- or a live action tcg style fan ? -RRB- overall this fills a couple story gaps that arent that important but if you want this game and you also want kingdom hearts 2 wait for kingdom hearts 2
 This game is O.K. . One of the good things is that it picks up right where KH1 left of , on the road after they caught up with Pluto . One of the bad things is that you have to use a card system that totaly sucks . Plus there are no new worlds except for Twilight Town . there might be on or two more but i ca n't remember . this game is totaly about sora 's memory . all you ever do is go to the worlds that he remembers . The `` Unknown '' Organization is about the only new thing in the entire game . At the end of the game you have to fight this hard guy from the Organization . After you beat the Sora part of the game you get to play as Riku . But the only cool thing about that is you can jump higher . the only thing that you do is go backwards through the worlds that you went through with sora . King Mickey is in the Riku Version though . The only reason I would recommend this game is because I think it links KH1 and KH2 together .
 I was filled with promise that a Punisher game was finally coming out on a gaming console . To be honest , I was prepared to purchase the game before I even played it because of the fact that it is based off of the Punisher franchise that is owned by Marvel Comics . At the very least because I am a comic book collector , I had to give the game a try . I can admit now that I would have really been upset if I purchased this game before I played it . Marvel and the game developers messed up making this a 3rd person game , it shoudl have been more like a 1st person shooter like Halo . Actually , Halo is a little more than a 1st person shooter , but enough on that . After playing this game for several hours , I can honestly say that Red Faction on PS2 was much more enjoyable than the Punisher on X-box and that is shame . The game play mechanics are really bad , and the aiming and over the shoulder view is horrible too . Rent this game for sure , but do n't buy it or you will be sorry and left with a $ 50 game that is worth $ 10 of your time.It really is a shame that such a bad game was put out on the market . I am sure I 'm not the only true comic book fan who was left wondering where in the world did they dig up the concept of this game . It is as if they threw a bunch of comic book stories together . There is so much more to Frank Castle than just shooting bad guys , read the comic book if you do n't believe me!The most recent Punisher movie was okay . This video game truly STINKS ! And the comic book is awesome , so take your $ 50 and invest in the comic book , you will enjoy it much better .
 Item 1 on this page refers to a gave , not a video . tsk , tsk.I will choose a levelm using the stars.The movie was enjoyable . The second time I tried to play it , alli got was `` DISK ERROR . '' cHEAP COPY ?
 This game is essentially a Max Payne 2 clone , or perhaps `` Xerox '' is a better term , as it loses much of the greatness.Much was made about the violence of this game . Allow me to say the violence was vastly overrated . There 's actually very little blood in the game . You typically just shoot a guy and move on without much gore at all . Occasionally you get to do one of the scripted torture scenes , and while these are entertaining -LRB- chroming a guy 's head was a standout -RRB- , they are rare . 95 % of the time you have the same four dull methods of torture.The levels are absurd . The first level is the longest string of apartments you 'll ever see . No attempt was made to make the level realistic , it 's just a ton of identical apartment rooms strung together as one long chain . You move linearly through them with absolutely no variation in eye candy or tactics . Typically the levels are very cramped and leave little room to strafe let alone change attack methods.Later levels find guys above and below you . Picking them off feels less like a joy and more like a chore . I ca n't put my finger on it , but it just is n't fun.Three of us rented this one weekend . We fought over who got to play it first , and the guy that paid took the honor . He played for the first two levels as we watched . He turned and asked if we wanted a turn , and we declined . Watching him took all the fun out of it . It was just boring to watch . He laughed , and said he was sick of it anyway.If watching a game for half an hour convinces you not to play it , well , it says a lot about the game . Avoid this one .
 So it looks like Majesco decided to finally rerelease the GameGear hardware . Unfortunately , I do n't think too many people are going to care . First of all there are no new games coming out for the system . The back-lit screen is nice , but it eats batteries -LRB- 6 AA 's last around 3 or 4 hours -RRB- . And the physical size of the unit is absolutely huge . About the only good thing the system has going for it is the low price . But even with the low price I still do n't believe it is worth the price of admission . The money would be better suited going towards a GameBoy Color -LRB- or a GameBoy Advance later on this year -RRB- . The GameGear was n't worth the money when it launched 9 years ago , and it still is n't today .
 I bought one when they came out , and they were better than the gameboy and gameboy color , but not gameboy advance.The GBA has a sharper screen , much better graphics and sound.It is smaller and more comfortable , takes less batteries and lasts longer on those batteries . Also I do n't know of any game gear games that are 3 and 4 player capable , so you could n't -LRB- and certianly never will in the future -RRB- , play awesome multiplayer games like Mario Kart , Mario Advance , Advance Wars , Doom , and the new Zelda game with 4 player support -LRB- I forgot the name of it . -RRB- It really makes no sense why anyone would want one of these nowadays , unless your really poor and ghetto ...
 I HAVE READ MANY REVIEWS ON THE GAME GEAR AND I AM DISGUSTED WITH THE REVIEWERS WHO DID N'T DO ANY RESEARCH -LRB- ALL OF THEM -RRB- . THEY INSIST THAT IT IS SOOOO MUCH BETTER THAN THE GAME BOY ADVANCE . THE GAME GEAR IS TOO BIG TO EVEN FIT IN YOUR POCKET . IT IS REALLY BULKY . SURE , THE BACK LIT SCREEN IS NICE , BUT THAT ADDS TO THE SIZE AND WEIGHT OF THE SYSTEM . IT ALSO TAKES 6 AA BATTERIES AND DRAINS THEM EXTREMELY FAST . THE GAME BOY ADVANCE RUNS ON 2 AA BATTERIES AND LAST 15 HOURS . THE REVIEWS STATE THAT THE GBA IS THE SAME AS THE GAME BOY COLOR AND THE GAME GEAR IS A BETTER SYSTEM . WELL , HERE ARE SOME EYE OPENERS FOR YOU : > > > THE GAME GEAR CAN DISPLAY 4,096 DIFFERENT COLORS , 32 AT ANY TIME . THE GAME BOY ADVANCE CAN DISPLAY 32,000 COLORS , 511 AT ANY TIME . THAT IS MORE THAN A 25,000 COLOR DIFFERENCE . > > > THE GAME BOY ADVANCE IS 4 TIMES AS POWERFUL AS A GAME BOY COLOR AND 2 TIMES MORE POWERFUL THAN A SUPER NINTENDO . > > > THE GBA CAN DISPLAY 128 MOVING OBJECTS AT ONCE . LETS LEE A GAME GEAR DO THAT ... HOPEFULLY YOU HAVE READ THIS REVIEW AND MAKE THE RIGHT CHOICE .
 DONT GET IT !! It is wayyy too big . I mean I love Sega and all and i was very disapointed with this . Get the GBA if you want portable gaming . First off this is very heavy and it eats 6 AA batteries !!!
 Game Gear is old and it ` s so cheap because it is really old . Game Boy is better . Do not get GG it is old and you ca n`t find them in Toys R Us . I evan look . Back then when GG was new it was probably expensive like GB and their games were Rip Offs too ! Do n`t get GG get Game Boy advance . It ` s graphics are 32 bit and GG is 8 bit . Game Gear stuff is not available in stores ` cause it ` s soooooo old ! It takes and drains 6 batteries so fast is probably why the screen is fat as the Sega Genesis system and the screen lights and it probably needs tons of batteries . GG gives splits on your hands because it ` s rough plastic . So GG is not really all that cool as it seem , so get a Game Boy Advance . I ca n`t beleive it ` s games are clones of the Sega Genesis , so that makes it even more uncooler . GG is not my kind of video game system , I would prefere GBA .
 Even when it was the only color game system out there , Game Gear was n't worth it . Back then it was expensive , ate batteries and had a limited selection of game titles . Now a days it 's simply outmatched by GBA . Forget this dinosaur , unless you 're looking to play a certain Game Gear - only title .
 I 've owned one for almost two years . This item might seem appealing but finding games for it is n't easy , the screen is easily scratched or damaged . I would rather spend my money on a GameBoy Advanced which I have . I am much happier with Nintendo then Sega . BTW Sega will be phasing out ALL there gear no market ... Have Game gear , sorry to hear it .
 It 's the worst game system in the world . I just got a GAMEBOY ADVANCE . It 's much better . GAME GEAR is a loser !!!!!!!!
 I HATE THIS HUMUNGUOS HANDHELD SYSTEM . GAMEBOY AND GAMEBOY ADVANCE IS WAY BETTER , IWOULD KNOW BECUASE I HAVE ONE.THIS ONE COST TOO MUCH.IT DRAINS THE 6 YOU HAVE TOO PUT IN WAY TOO FAST.GBA LASTS 15 HOURS OF GAMEPLAY.GAME GEAR HAS -LRB- ... -RRB- GAMES.AND THEIR SO OLD YOU CANT FIND THEM ANYMORE.GBA HAS BETTER GRAPHICS MORE COLOR , BETTER SOUND EASIER HANDELING , AND ONLY TAKES TWO BATTERIES.SO DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS GHETTO GEAR , CUASE YUOLL PROBABLY END UP SELLING IT ANYWAY .
 Of the many portable game systems that have been made , the Game Gear failed to amount to much . For starters , it 's large , fairly heavy and requires six AA batteries -LRB- which it will eat in about 5 hours . -RRB- Almost all of its games are conversions from the Sega Master System , and they feel tired and lazy . There are some great games for the system such as Shining Force and Sonic , but most of them are very forgettable.I find the Gamegear to be near the very bottom of the portable systems totem pole -LRB- really only the Game.com is worse . -RRB- There are more worthy systems available .
 I think the Game Boy Advance SP is much better.I ca n't belive the SGG weighs 7 pounds.Plus the GBASP has much much better graphics.Right now I am 10 but in about 25 days I will turn 11 . Now I 'll list the differinces.SGG has about 4,000 colors total , and GBASP has 32,000 colors total.Did I ever mention that GBASP only weighs 5 ounces.So that is why the GBASP is much better.PS.And the GBASP has much more games to choose from .
 Game Gear is a thing of the past . This console is OLD FASHIONED . It was released in 1991 and you can tell . It is big , only has two buttons . Game Boy Advance tops it by far . It is light , and the games are easy to get hold of at low prices BRAND NEW !! In my opinion , stick with the new things , at least littluns can use them !!
 I bought one when they came out , and they were better than the gameboy and gameboy color , but not gameboy advance.The GBA has a sharper screen , much better graphics and sound.It is smaller and more comfortable , takes less batteries and lasts longer on those batteries . Also I do n't know of any game gear games that are 3 and 4 player capable , so you could n't -LRB- and certianly never will in the future -RRB- , play awesome multiplayer games like Mario Kart , Mario Advance , Advance Wars , Doom , and the new Zelda game with 4 player support -LRB- I forgot the name of it . -RRB- It really makes no sense why anyone would want one of these nowadays , unless your really poor and ghetto ...
 ... Backlit screen . With the screen being backlit you can see it a lot easier then you can the gba . If there is one reason I woudle n't recommend the advance is the hard to see screen , however the disadvantage for the lit screen is that it sucks batterys down like there is no tommorow . Also the screen color changes whenever I tilt my game gear making it hard to see ... ... there are no new games coming out for it . On top of it most games on the game gear are mediocre at best . ...
 This version of the GameGear is good , but not as good as the original , Here is a list :1 -RRB- The LCD screen is not quite as sharp as the original GameGear2 -RRB- It does not support the TV Tuner adapter . -LRB- You get audio but no picture -RRB- 3 -RRB- The case is not as studery & the brightness control is hard to turn.So if you have never used a GameGear before & want an inexpensive portable game system , than go ahead . If you want to replace a warn out , broken , lost one , than this would be an inexpensive alternative . But if you have the TV Tuner , and LOVE the classic game gear than you sould either look for a used classic one or get your 's repaired .
 I bought this memory card when i bought Final Fantasy IX . It was the first time I used the card and my FFIX data was the only thing saved on the card . After 11 hours of gameplay I tried to load my game only to find that the data was corrupt and my saved game unrecoverable . If you want to be able to load your games I recommend a Sony memory card . It costs a few dollars more but I have never had one fail on me . I used the same one for 3 years and it never failed I used this one and it failed on the first time . Oh , and the storage case broke out of the box .
 I had only one game saved on this Card . Final Fantasy IX . I had five blocks of gameplay saved , only one was not corrupted . It quite frankly ... . I had a friend try another game on it . Of course that file too was corrupted . Not worth the cost , and I am writing to the manufacturer demanding my money back .
 Thanks to this shoddy product , almost twenty hours of Final Fantasy IX gameplay went out the window . Nothing else really puts a nice look on your face like a ` data corrupted ' error . Do n't by this card .
 Advert says works for all Gameboys including Gameboy Advance ; unfortunately , does NOT work with Gameboy Advance SP , just as another reviewer noted . Misleading advertising .
 This cable would n't link 2 Gameboy Advanced SP playing the same Pokemon game . I had to purchase a different Nintendo brand cable at Target and all worked fine with that cable . Not sure if the particular cable I got from Amazon was defective or if all the cables have a faulty design , but I just had to throw mine away , it was useless .
 This product does not connect 2 Gameboy Advanced SP games of like kind . Unfortunately it is of no use to me .
 Got the link cable in a small envelope . Came with the cable in a small plastic bag . Hooked it up to a Gameboy Color and Gameboy Advance and it did n't work . I do n't know if the product was wrong , or the thing just does n't work ? I would n't suggest getting this product .
 It says it works for game boy but it looks like a GBA cable . At least have it right and not falsely advertised . Not pleased at all .
 I got it a week later and the thing does n't work . I have Red and Blue Versions and GBA 's and it does n't read the cable . However they sent me a replacement that worked immediately for no charge so I do n't have a grudge since they 're honest .
 so when i got the link cable in the mail the first day i tried it it didnt work . but i shipped the product back and after a claim , was rembursed .
 Do n't really care about this game . Did not really play much of it because now with Sierra/Vivendi so concerned about the game being pirated , they not only have a key system in place , but also securom 7 and blacklisting of all emulators . I bought the game and imaged the dvd onto my hard drive so i would not have to deal with physical media . Anyone who has ever been at a lan party knows all too well how cd 's / dvd 's either get lost or broken at events like a lan party . Part of the reason i like to image the disc so i do n't have to worry about what happens to the disc . This bit has now gone too far and I will never buy any vivendi/sierrra game again
 My brother gave me rave reviews of this game . I will admit , it was fun when the game actually works . The problem is , the manufacturers of F.E.A.R. installed anti-emulator software with the game . I made it about halfway through and the next time I went to fire up F.E.A.R. , there was an error that said the game can not play . I did a little research and found the anti-pirate software will no longer run my legitimate copy of this game that I bought used from Amazon . What a load of _____ . So I uninstalled the game , reinstalled it , and downloaded another copy of the 1.08 patch . The same error popped up when I restarted my PC . All this hassle and the game will no longer run . Once again , I uninstalled/reinstalled , hoping that the retail version 1.0 will work . No such luck . The game crashed as it loaded my saved game . What gives ? Way to punish the gamer .
 THIS GAME SUCK 'S ! YOU CA N'T UNDERSTAND IT AND IT DO N'T HAVE GOOD GRAPHICS . I AM SO MAD I BOUGHT THIS GAME . I WO N'T WAIST MY MONEY ON ANY MORE GAMES UNLESS THEY GET A 4 OR ABOVE RATING ! AND I WAS DISAPPOINTED BECAUSE I ALWAYS PLAY TETRIS SINCE I WAS LITTLE ! AND IT NEVER GETS BORING . BUT THIS ONE DOES AFTER TRYING TO PLAY IT THREE TIMES I WAS UPSET AND DONE .
 So I bought the new 250GB PS3 and was wanting a stand for it to help with the clutter - I own a Wii and a Xbox 360 as well . So I purchased this and it turned out that it was too big for the PS3 . I was so scared that with just one accidental bump or just maybe a little rocking motion from opening and closing the PS3 , that this thing would just topple right over . Instead , I put my Xbox360 in it . It was sturdy to begin with but I actually like it in this . There is still a bit of room but I 'm not worried about it falling over at all .
 There 's Suduko , math -LRB- fill in missing # or symbol -RRB- , jumbled letters , memory -LRB- fill in the cells with the correct symbols -RRB- , colorex -LRB- push the blocks so the same colors ones are together -RRB- , fill in the letter to complete the word , count expert -LRB- count how man symbols go in/out of the brain -RRB- & that 's about it.It starts you at pre-school -LRB- obviously easy -RRB- & you get more points for the faster you go & then it levels you up as you succeed . But this is nowhere near the graphics or fun of Big Brain Academy , Brain Spa or Brain Challenge . There was no sound either , menu options are easy to understand as well as a help during play , etc. I DL a free 60 minute trial from Reflexive com , I checked for virus using Avast anti-virus & did n't get a warning . I also use Spybot & Ad-aware .
 Once again this Is why I hope the MMORPG world will pull their over inflated heads out of their butts . It is absolutly idiotic that sony is going to charge you 50 some dollars for the box price of EQ , plus extra for the Expansions , Half of which add new zones and monsters that about 60 % of the player community will never see unless they have no life . I admit they have made an effort to make some updates and help with some major problems in EQ , but overall , EQ is still the same old boring Hamster wheel level grind that it always was . NOW that said It is even more idiotic that they are STILL going to charge you $ 40 buck for just 3 months of their old crappy game , -LRB- which once again , is the same old crap warmed over with a few spices on top . STOP THINKING THAT EQ IS THE ONLY GAME IN TOWN FOLKS . They are the biggest fish in a tiny fish bowl of american MMORPGS . At their best they have around 460,000 subscribers , and it is declining , because there are many other mmorpgs that are much more fun , and cheaper . Example
 I bought this game set for my son . He is 8 . He found one game , Incredibles , very violent and lots of punching and shooting . He got into it for about 5 minutes and then put in another more challenging game that actually used a brain cell to work . Next the NEMO game was very dissapointing . He barely touched it because it was so childish -LRB- he said so -RRB- . Should these two games be packaged together ? Anyway , it is our first Gameboy product and it was not as exciting as we expected it to be overall .
 There are two games loaded in one but one the Nemo game works so I was a negative with the saying two game in one
 We purchased this for my son 's 6th birthday . Luckily we bought it used at Game Stop and were able to immediately return it for another game . There is A LOT of reading very tiny print , words like disinfectant , parasite , infection , and ointment . Definitely not for the younger child . Even for the older it was very repetitive and a little boring .
 This game is too difficult for a 6 year old . It has to be read , and there are words like `` dehydrated '' that most 6 year olds ca n't read or do n't know . The game is also not intuitive .
 I got this game from game stop played it for 5 minutes and decided it was unbelievably stupid and wanted to sell it . I found out that the game is for little kids 8 and under.This game is so not educational.A game thats educational isnt like this one . A few days later I put on ebay it sold in less then 3 hours please do not buy this game .
 I 'm a software engineer , and despite my background , 3 different computers , video driver updates on all , I can not get this to run . The company 's website provides no contact information and is of almost no help.My daughter is extremely disappointed . After hours of work on this , so am I. Avoid at all costs .
 My daughter loves this toy and has played it a lot since Christmas . Today , she said `` Mom , someone named their cat Giggly-o . '' Is n't that funny ? I asked how it was spelled . . yep , it was spelled more like something else - gigolo .
 We received Pet Vet this past Christmas . Like the software engineer that also could not get this running on his three machines , we could n't get it to run on our three machines . We have the latest patches and video card updates , new machines and old machines . My wife teaches phd classes in computer science . I do AutoCAd work . We contacted the company and received no response . We spent a lot of time trying to get this to work . My daughter was very excited and is now disapointed . I would recommend that you avoid this product .
 I 've played and enjoyed the older versions of Doom on PCs . I was REALLY looking forward to this Apple version . What a disappointment ! After loading and opening Doom on an IMac , Mac OS X -LRB- version 10.5.8 -RRB- 2.4 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo Processor w/4 GB 667 MHz DDR2 SDRAM , my screen went black and nothing I could do would cancel it . Short of unplugging the computer , I could n't shut it off ! An Apple rep got it running and after a few minutes of play at home , I realized there was no speech . Finally that was fixed and then , there was a download that was available and after the download I had no speech again . I deleted everything I could find on the computer that pertained to Doom and occasionally look at at the Doom box on my desk in regret . I wo n't go through the frustration again ! Do I need to say I DO NOT recommend DOOM 3 !!!
 The Mac version seems to freeze constantly at some point during the game . Game is a thriller , but if you ca n't play it , what is the point .
 All pc/mac software I have purchased through Amazon will not run on my iMac . It throws up a message that the power mac is no longer supported which makes no sense since my iMac is an intel based system .
 Its a nice game but every time someone attacks you it becomes soooo slow so u got killed every time ! its so frustrating to play this game !!!!
 I personally have decided to switch to the Mac from th PC to save space . I got rid of My Pc network and just have an Imac 20 '' 2.0 Ghz , a 1.25 ghz mac mini , and I still keep my homebuilt PC around for when I need it . I have tried playing this game both on the mac mini an the imac G5 . First I would like to mention I do n't know how people got good performance on the mac mini , or let me refrase that , got this game to work at all on the mac mini ! You can not play this game on the Mac Mini I tried , there is no way . People who say this game plays well on the mac mini are smoking something . This game does not even play that well on my new G5 2.0 ghz imac ! My homebuilt 3.0 ghz plays this game about twice as fast as the imac does . I still had my old 1.7 ghz celeron processor that I used before I upgraded my pc to 3.0 ghz laying around on my desk . So for kicks I decided to put in the 1.7 ghz celeron back into my pc . Even with the slower 1.7 ghz celeron the pc is about twice as fast as the imac even when it is clocked 300mhz slower ! Both systems have a 128mb video card . The pc has a 128mb Geforce 6600 GT Extreme and the Imac has a 128 mb Radeon 9600 . If you plan on getting decent performance out of this game at ultra high resolutions and maximum detail settings I suggest you play this game on a dual G5 power mac.I am not impressed at all with doom 3 . My main purpose of doom 3 like the quake serious is for benchmarking purposes only . I found the game boring , unorigonal , lighting was to dark . I know its suppose to be dark , but come on it should n't be to the extent it ruins the game . All this game is about is shooting monsters up . Traveling in a linear fashion from scene to scene . Players kill all the monsters in one rom and then moving on to the next till they all have been destroyed . What a silly game . The only reason this game gets such godly reviews is because the graphics are supposedly the best , however I thought EQ 2 had a lot better graphics just my opinion . So I would recommend this game to anyone who just cares about graphics and little about the actual game .
 On the box it is printed XP compatible . But it is not . I tried XP compatibility wizard . But it still does not work.The seller `` Best Bet sales '' did not refund .
 If your computer runs Vista , you may want to pass up this software . We tried installing it on our computer and it does n't work . I tried several different compatibility settings without luck .
 As much as my daughter liked this software initially , she quickly fell out of love with it as it does n't have longevity . I guess most science software ca n't but I still feel like it was n't worth the cost when I could have went to a few free webpages for interactive science programs . I also think this software is for 6-9 , not 7-11yrs old . I do n't think I would recommend it unless your child has no access to the internet .
 When I purchased this item , I thought , what a great deal.My son gets it , plugs it in , and it works fine for about 3 days!First buttons start poppin off then the joystick control breaks . I think it was made poorly !
 i buy the wrong controller i want the wireless controller
 The wire that connected to the ps2 and the slime did not fit into the slime , rendering it useless . As this was a birthday present , it can not be returned . We are very disappointed with the craftsmanship of this item .
 This game was amazing . But the company is going out of business or scrapping the game . Either way the servers are scheduled to go offline . DO NOT BUY IT .
 I got to play the game for several days and had a real good time with it so do n't base everything on the demo . This will be a 4 star game for me BUT ... never should have been released with as many issues as ppl are having so give it a month or two then buy it . I ca n't even play it til they fix the bug that wont let me and many others even sign in .
 This is not even close to Diablo 2 . By the time you get to level 10 , you have seen all there is to see in terms of graphic tiles -LRB- gray or beige -RRB- , mob models -LRB- forgettable -RRB- , weapon effects -LRB- see mob models -RRB- , and level design -LRB- linear city ruins , linear tunnel ruins -RRB- . I have completed 4 Acts in the game , and they all look and play the same , with the same mobs.As on online game , it is an utter failure . There 's no feel of community , in the least . By default the chat window is hidden , so if another players im 's you , you wo n't even see it . The chat window -LRB- the entire UI , actually -RRB- is huge . The towns are empty ; players drop by for a few seconds to vendor drops and take off again.This would be OK as a standalone game , and I 'd give it 3 stars in that mode , but only one as a MMORPG . Frankly , I just do not see how they can justify charging $ 10 a month for this game , which has a fraction of the complexity and content of real MMO 's .
 I enjoyed playing this game in single player mode right up until the final battle . At that point the game developed a glitch and I ca n't find tech support help to resolve it . I checked it 'd forums and see a number of people have a similar problem . I 'm sorry , but for $ 50 , I expect to be able have a good killfest right up to the end .
 DO NOT purchase this software . It is filled with game-crashing , system-stopping bugs . I have a great , fully updated system and it still crashes all the time . If you do n't believe me , do a Google search of `` Hellgate London bugs '' ... you 'll find plenty to read.SAVE YOUR MONEY AND TIME ! RUN !
 I had waited months for this game to come out ... and when it did I sorta wish it never had . At least then I could remain blissfully ignorant of the quality -LRB- or lack there of -RRB- of this game . I put about 15 hours into the game hoping it would improve , but the game play was so repetitive and lackluster that I decided enough was enough.I admit the concept was good and the potential was there , but in the end , for me , it was extremely boring . A big waste of $ 50 .
 While it does have some things that hint at its origins in terms of the same people who made Diablo 2 , it 's NOT anywhere near a Diablo caliber game . The gameplay is bland , boring , and a grind . Overall , it has neat graphics , so-so gameplay , and absolutely nothing to make it memorable or interesting . The only thing it had going for it was an association with Diablo/Blizzard , and that is all for naught . Do n't buy this game , you can do much much better .
 Dear Flagship Studios , When I buy a game , it is because I want to be able to install it and play it . This seems simple but you must have forgotten because what I 've done instead is install it and spend 5 hours trying to figure out why it does n't work even though my system exceeds minimum requirements.A game should function out of the box . Period . I am in Iraq , so downloading a slew of fix-it patches on a super slow military network is not going to happen . This has proven to be an immensely frustrating experience for me as I was very much looking forward to this game . Next time do a bit more Quality Assurance , mmmkay ?
 first of , stop by their official forums and browse the tech support section . this game , even now allmost a year after release is plagued with problems.i have a Radeon HD 4870 , 4G ram , intel core 2 duo processor , SATA raid , I can run the game on full graphics modes with no lag , but textures are missing , i ca n't deconstuct an item , random crashes.I 'm forced to lower settings to low in order to play the game , which makes everything look crappy.I can run Oblivion full settings smooth as butter , this goat of a game , no.Tech Support over at hellgate forums consists of two things1 . -RRB- They want your dxdiag output2 . -RRB- they tell you to uninstall/reinstall your video drivers and the game , even when you explain that EVERYTHING works fine except for hellgateAlso check Google for `` Flagship Studios '' and see what the company itself has been doing . They 've laid off most of the developers , it 's a bad situation.They 've taken away the option to ` subscribe ' to premium service b/c they simply ca n't support it .
 Game works ok since last patch , however news is that the company that wrote the game layed off most of the staff and is looking for new financing . Not a good sign . They are no longer accepting new customer accounts for bonus content , and those who already signed up and were paying are no longer being charged . Just a quick heads up before you buy a game that may not have a server to play on . Save your cash for now until they figure it out !!! 07-28-08 .
 In a word ; BORING . Too much effort spent on lighting effects such as weapon flash or demon attacks and too little time on the environment . The levels are so similar that they quickly become tedious , so much grey , grey , grey everywhere . The way the NPCs jump and jerk around -LRB- bugs in their pants ? -RRB- when you 're interacting with them is irritating . Also because of a game flaw they can be in two places at the same time and remain after their dead with one NPC superimposed on another . All this time spent to develope the game with so little to show for it . Certainly not the worst game ever but do n't pay more than $ 15 . The story line ? Hmm , not sure of what to say there , confusing ? All the weak parts of Diablo with little of the good.Diablo 2
 When the game works , it 's at its best fun and exciting and at it 's worst entertaining . The key phrase is when the game works.This game is littered with bugs . The development team is trying to fix them , but it seems that when they fix one , something else breaks . It 's painfully apparent this game was released too early , so if you 're considering it my suggestion would be to wait at least until March and check the game 's forums to see if there are still major problems .
 It has been announced that the online servers for the North American and European versions of this game will be going offline after January 31 , 2009 . If you buy this game , you will be left with nothing but a VERY unstable Single-Player version . You have been warned !
 I really wanted to like this game . I honestly did . I like FPS games and Diablo II is my favorite game of all time . Surely any integration of the two would be gold , right ? No dice ... The missions are repetitive . You think they might get better later in the game but it does n't happen . You are once again hunting for a bunch of a certain kind of monster or one boss monster.The scenery/tile sets are repetitive . You think they might get better later in the game but it does n't happen . Level 2 of an area will be exactly the same as Level 1 . You can be at the 6th station and enter an area and be like , `` wait , have n't I been here before ? '' . The items do n't get interesting . The item database is also rather small compared with other real RPGs.The game is still buggy . Even with the latest patch , you can frequently generate a map where the path to where you need to go is blocked by randomly generated objects . Also , if you `` get stuck '' trying squeeze between things , you automatically get transported back to the beginning of the area . These were 2 major bugs that provided unnecessary frustration . I know I ca n't fault the game too much for bugs since they exist with every game . However , combined with all the other flaws , this game just feels like there was n't any real effort put into making it . Even the graphics do n't justify the system requirements.The only good thing this game has going for it is the sound . The combination of action sounds , ambient sounds , and music make for an eerie atmosphere reminiscent of Diablo I.The Single-Player experience is just too tedious to finish.The game somewhat redeems itself with the multi-player community but this can be true for any game and does n't really reflect on the merits of Hellgate
 I was very optimistic that the Diablo guys would make a great game . Oh well . I got this game on release day . I have patch .5 PROS : Lots of itemsLots of item upgrades availableLots of character combosSome awesome weapon functionsGreat audioGreat ideaCONS : It 's unfinished , and rushed to release.Many bugs
 So I get the game and go to the website to sign up and see a post that basically they were going out of business . So I wait a day or so and they shut down the forums . I returned the game .
 Deleting all of the negative reviews will not save this game . The setting is boring , the game play is ok . I wonder if they managed to fix all of the bugs . But i do n't care to find out as i stopped playing it after lvl 20 as every single map looks the same and the game kept randomly crashing .
 This game was plagued by horrible bugs from the get go . Terrible game play , terrible storyline , terrible interface , poor online server support . Then Flagship Studios got into a mess with their finances , and now as of January 31st , 2009 , the online servers will be gone . You basically wo n't be able to play the game online anymore , so it 's just the horribly supported single player version . Which kind of destroys the whole point of a multiplayer online game.The few redeeming features of great graphics , a potentially engaging storyline that just falls short , and some unique character classes are n't enough to make up for the utter failure of Flagship to find a focus for this game . It drifts aimlessly otherwise.I unfortunately own a copy of this game , and it is currently in the trash heap .
 I 'm not sure what happened to all the reviews for this game , but let me repost what I had before.DO NOT BUY IT.I know the cheap price and epic marketing blurbs -LRB- a Hell rift opens up in a future London ? Awesome ! -RRB- make it seem like a great purchase , but do not be tempted . Even at this point , almost a year after the premiere , this game is pure failure.The mechanics are bad . The graphics are clunky . The online service -LRB- ha ha -RRB- is spotty and gimped.Best of all , the developer is out of business . That 's right , this game was so awesome that it spurred Flagship Studios right out of operation .
 I played the demo before ordering it . It was basic , but seemed promising.That was a lie.The story is bland ... basically a long string of cliches thrown together . It makes the absolute least sense of any game I have ever played . You 'll run around through so-called `` random '' areas endlessly , doing the same tired quests theoretically to defend the human race . `` For the living . '' Yeah . Anyway , despite being `` random '' every area seems to be one of about 4 different areas . Sure , the corridors are in different places . Who cares ? It 's the same thing . And the `` random '' placement of objectives means , more often than not , if you have to find 6 access terminals or something ... they 'll all spawn back-to-back in the middle of a road . WTF?If you have Vista and/or an 8800 , the game is * horribly * unstable , even after more than 2 months live and several patches . Out of memory crashes , constantly -LRB- have 2 gigs of RAM ... no issues in a dozen other FAR prettier games -RRB- . The graphics are far from great for the suffering , too . Doom 3 was dark , but at least pretty if you could see it . Hellgate ? Other than fairly imaginative enemies , there 's basically nothing to look at . DOS games have had better UIs , as well . The only thing that 's intuitive is crashing.The only good thing to say is the classes . There are several classes that play pretty differently . Marksman , which I played most by far , plays just like an FPS . But there are also melee and magic classes . Oh , and the minigame is * far * more fun than the actual game - except when you get stuck with a requirement that is seemingly impossible , such as looting swords which drop about 0.000001 % of the time for non-melee classes.All in all , if they paid * me * $ 10 a month to play this game , I think I 'd still take my business elsewhere .
 Hellgate
 There are just too many other games coming out right now that fulfill what you 're surely looking for in a video game right now . Hellgate should not be released at the moment . It 's only a few weeks after release and bugs and glitches that should have been resolved in beta are still present . Subscription vs Free Multiplayer is joke right now . Simply put , there is no reason to buy this game and there is no reason to pay a monthly fee for the additional features/gameplay . The game as it is :1 -RRB- Without a monthly fee , you are excluded from PVP play or the uppermost difficulty settings .2 -RRB- The game presents no challenge . With any character type the gameplay is anything but challening ; it feels like a walk in the park and you 're bored before you 're done with the 2nd act .3 -RRB- Quest information has charm very reminiscent of something Blizzard would produce , but the game in and of itself does not produce gameplay which corresponds with this creativeness . For those who have played World of Warcraft , you will be sorrily disappointed that no quests in this game require anything more than point and shoot -LRB- and even this is rewarded far too easily -RRB- . The game simply lacks depth . Imagine a first person shooter with a loosely bound plotline and undeveloped game world .4 -RRB- Depth of field
 On paper this should have been a genre classic ; the team taken straight from one of the most successful franchises of the late 90s , steeped in the atmosphere and gameplay of Diablo this should have been something very special indeed.Let 's get one thing straight right away ; this game is Diablo 3d . The gameplay is the same , the item system is the same , there are socketed weapons , the classes are the -LRB- thinly diguised -RRB- basic three from Diable 1 , Hellgate is Diablo . In 3d . And it does n't work.It does n't work because Diablo was always repetitive but it was ravishing ; for the late 90s Diablo 1 was a genuinely beautiful piece of artwork and the music stands on its own . The gameplay might have been something a chimp could master but you pressed on to see what came next , to actually see the game unfold . According to the designers of Hellgate : London , London consists of exactly one street . Over and over and over again . And one ruined official looking building . Over and over and over again . And I 'm sorry guys , but tube lines just are n't that interesting.In Hellgate I found myself pressing on for the story . This was n't entirely justified ; without giving away too many spoilers a major teaser from the trailers is brushed off without imagination or flair ; considering that this is the basis for a quest sequence its falling flat is doubly offensive . As for the main story arc , what happened guys run out of ideas ? The main story arc of HG : L does n't end , it just stops , like a driver suddenly realising he 's lost.Speaking of quests , Hellgate has -LRB- it claims , I did n't count -RRB- over 200 quests . And they are mostly errand boy stuff which contain a tedious amount of backtracking . It 's particularly annoying that you ca n't do them all in one block - the designers have seen to it you ca n't - completing a quest on one map will unlock another quest which will then send you back to the self same map you 've just hacked through . To be fair the maps in Diablo were n't that interesting ; once you 'd cleared them there was no urge to revisit ; in Hellgate , with its same handful of maps used over and over and over again , there 's even less.I do n't want to keep going on ; I could mention the voice acting , it 's competent , an attempt 's been made at humour . Unfortunately the same attempt at humour -LRB- from maybe a choice of 2 or 3 monologue choices -RRB- is made every single time you speak to an NPC , which means you will be hearing the same limp joke 40 50 or 100 times , Hellgate 's one true hell . Occasionally you wo n't hear vital story information ; the designers decided not to suspend action while you played story videos , so there you are trying to let the story tell itself and something sneaks up out of the dark and starts hitting you , forcing you to turn it off to retaliate . So you lose a large part of what little atmosphere the game has.There 's nothing wow about Hellgate ; everything it does other games do better and you 're left more or less wondering why someone felt it was needed in the marketplace . The graphics do n't wow , the gameplay , linear chimp clicking , certainly does n't wow ; it 's one of the most genuinely tedious games I 've played in years . The whole game has an air of ` ca n't be a ** ed ' ; ca n't be a ** ed to make decent maps , ca n't be bothered to think up decent stories for the side characters . In the end it 's been an attempt to hammer the Diablo game world into a pseudo-modern setting and it has n't worked . It 's been an attempt to hammer a blindingly successful 2d game into a 3d universe and it has n't worked . Frankly I 'd save your money and just dig out your old copy of Diablo ; remember the old girl in her heyday , not this lacklustre attempt at a comeback .
 It got me bored right after I played the first few minutes . Even though I 've wasted hours on it , I do n't want to continue to play it . One word to describe it is garbage .
 This game was developed by the team that brought us Diablo II . Unfortunately , it is a supposed MMO that feels way too much like Diablo II , and not necessarily in a good way . For being an MMO , there is really no reason to group as none of the classes really brings anything useful to other players . There is no healing or buffing that you expect out of an MMO , just mostly a hack and slash game much like Diablo II on Battle.net . The big difference is that this game gets very repetitive and tedious after a short while and just eats away at any enjoyment you may have had early on in the game . There is absolutely nothing new brought into this game and it starts to feel stale . Being an MMO , you would expect there to be added content and continuing development of the various classes , but being a free-to-play MMO , the lack of development shows .
 This game is fun , but does n't live up to the hype and its multiplayer features are lacking -LRB- at best -RRB- . Their subscription model does n't seem worth it , but the free play is n't bad . Definitely wait and see on this game .
 They deleted so many reviews to give this sorry excuse of a game a fresh start ? It was rank overall 2 stars out of 75 reviews ? Sad ...
 Looking at the `` Key Features '' list for the game , the following is claimed : `` The RPG Authority - Flagship Studios was founded by the core creators of Diablo , one of the biggest PC gaming franchises in history with over 13 million units sold worldwide - they are the first , last and only voice in the world of action RPGs . `` They 'll be the first to tell you they made Diablo , and they 'll be more than happy to rest on their laurels instead of trying to improve upon something they already made . This game plays exactly like Diablo with a few parts of World of Warcraft thrown in -LRB- the worst parts -RRB- . `` Beyond RPG - Experience new layers to the traditional hack-and-slash forumla by experiencing the action RPG from the first-person perspective and through nontraditional character classes and playstyles . `` Changing the viewpoint from which you play a game is not cruise control for innovative . The character classes are also not nontraditional , and neither are the playstyles . You have three choices which basically boil down to Warrior , Ranged Attacker , and Caster.Every skill in the game can be found in an earlier game in some almost-identical form , and if that fails , pick up an AD&D ; manual and browse through it . This is not innovation . `` Have it your way - Three unique factions with their own visual and gameplay style , offering something for every type of gamer , whether they prefer the longer-range blasts of the Hunter or want to get up close and personal with the Templar . `` 3 fairly distinct classes with 2 subclasses each , with several overlapping talents . Subclasses share gear for the most part , although other classes ca n't equip any of your class ' gear . `` Infinite Replayability - Dynamically generated levels , chance events and massive quantities of randomly created items makes for infinite replayability -- no two experiences will ever be the same and every game will be it 's own unique event . `` Infinitely replaying this game would indeed be hell . There 's roughly 5 types of stages with a special one thrown in every now and then . You 'll see subways , sewers , ambiguous city streets , underground facility , and ambiguous museum/building . The `` dynamic generation '' of levels is exceedingly pathetic , as once you get used to the game , you can generally navigate in a shorter amount of time than the level will take to load -LRB- did I mention the absurd loading times between every stage ? -RRB- . The quests themselves are incredibly unimaginitive and monotonous , and you 'll find yourself killing x number of demons or collecting x number of demon tonails -LRB- that hardly ever drop -RRB- . `` Mad Skills - Each faction has three character classes that contain a wide variety of skills and spells that are fully customizable . `` Mad boring skills . They lack the synergy bonuses that made you feel like you were n't wasting points in Diablo 2 , and are summarily unimpressive . There are also fewer per class than the classes in Diablo 2 had . `` London Calling - Explore post-apocalyptic London , even darker and gloomier than usual . From shattered cathedrals and landmarks to the ancient ruins buried beneath the shell of a once-great city , players will need to scour all of London in search of the unknown . `` So dark and gloomy that you have no idea what you 're looking at -- good thing they name the levels . `` Misery Loves Company - Do n't be a glory hog - fight online . Gather with friends or recruit strangers in Underground stations and venture out into mean streets of London together to erase the Demonic threat . `` And you 'll be plenty miserable playing this game . They have a whopping total of two realms , one for North America , and one for Europe , and unless you subscribe , good luck finding anyone to party with.Also , the chat interface is incredibly clunky , and you 'll be unable to figure out how to do anything more than whisper someone without asking someone -- the manual does n't cover how to use the various channels , and the tutoral does n't either . `` Hell Never Looked Better - HellGate
 That 's right , you read and click your way through all the Hellgate dialog just like the bad ol' days . This issue seems to be oddly overlooked in many official reviews so I thought I 'd lead with it -- having not been adequately warned myself . Frankly I think it should be written across the game box in 90 point text . The text should be red and flashing . They could use the money they saved on voice acting to install LEDs and a little watch battery so the flashing could warn more people.It 's 2007 and scrolling through endless text boxes should be a deal breaker for a $ 50 game , but here 's the rest of the bad news in case you still care : Hellgate plays like a raw Diablo stats engine stripped of everything that made the Diablo games engaging . The developers seemed to cut every corner they could
 It 's really only a complete game if you pay for full content and online play . And that 's the good news . The bad news is that Hellgate 's online play is administered by the incompetent Ping-0 , a division of Flagship Studios of San Francisco.So , do n't pay $ 40ish for the game , plus another $ 10/month * every * month -LRB- or , more likely , 52 bucks for each 6 month block -RRB- just to learn what I 'm willing to tell you for free
 This game is n't done - it was clearly pushed out the door before it was ready . I had really high hopes for this one , it 's got a heck of a pedigree but the developers do n't seem to have taken into account how games have evolved since Diablo . It 's got a lot of potential but it 's at early beta stage - no where near release ready . The mutliplayer elements in particular need a whole lot of work.On the up side the subscription is optional , so pick it up when it 's $ 30 or less , or 6 months from now , whichever comes first - might be worth it by then .
 The future of this game is doubtful . You may not be able to play it!From the Hellgate forums on 7/19/2008 : `` It is with deep regret that I must announce that Flagship Studios has laid off most employees . However , the core management and founding team members are still at Flagship . '' said Bill Roper , CEO of Flagship Studios . `` The past five years have been an incredible experience for us , but unfortunately , we could n't sustain the size of the company any longer . '' ... `` Due to the current situation , Flagship will not be taking any new subscribers for Hellgate
 I played the game completely through , and in the end , decided online play was worth a shot . Being an Engineer had many perks , many interesting flying drones to do half the work for me as I mercilessly slew thousands of demons , reminiscent of the good old Diablo 2 days.Something told me I would get more out of the game by logging in to the online server . But for some odd reason , the Hellgate London website would not run from any of my consoles.Hellgate London has no customer support or online play . That is , unless you 're a citizen of South Korea . So , if you love Hellgate London any more than I do , move to South Korea and apply for a citizenship.Do not buy this game . Sellers wo n't dare mention to game has no online support , all for good reason . They want money .
 I have been playing PC games for over 20 years now , and this is quite honestly one of the most disappointing videogames I have ever played . On it 's own merits , Hellgate would just be completely mediocre and dreadfully dull , but due to it 's infamous production history , developer troubles , and distinguished pedigree , the game manages to underwhelm at every possible facet of play.Now , thanks to a public IP struggle , and the recent layoffs of all the developers at Flagship Studios , even that pitifully substandard gaming experience is in jeopardy . Give this game a wide berth and just stay away .
 I never played Diablo much but I know this
 The levels are boring.The monsters are repetitive.The boss battles are a joke and not hard or memorable . I could n't even tell you what the names to the main bosses for each act were.Play the demo first so you know how bad the game is !
 I bought the game from target a week or so after it came out . And have n't touched it in maybe 7 months . Given that take this review with a grain of salt.The game out of the package can only be described by one phrase . Not complete . I have heard there have been large patches and updates . I do n't want to go too much into the details of the game upon release because it was so long ago , I just want to say . Try before you buy . Find a friend that has it and try it out , it has the potential for a great game but when i played it out of the box , it just was not there yet .
 Nowhere did I see that this game could only be played online . I will not play online games so this was a total waste of money . Should n't this be noted in the game discription ? To rate Hellgate London I ca n't really give it any stars although the rating was manditory to post a review .
 I 've never written a really bad review like this . There is always something worthwhile with these games . This one though is astonishing . It simply DOES NOT RUN ... ever . I envy those who have played through to tell the tale . But I have never had such a miserable install , so many bugs and patches that simply did not work.EA should be embarrassed . The error messages are simply too bizarre for words . This is 2007 for goodness sake . No one releases code this nasty anymore . The patching mechanism simply does not work . You are FORCED to create an account , otherwise you can not have access to support -LRB- but I already paid the $ 50 -RRB- . You can not download the patches , you have to use EAs miserable updater , which does not work , ever , on any computer . I was shocked at the amount of code/software quality issues I see on the Hellgate forums . I have NEVER seen anything like it before . It seems like a large percentage of people simply can not get the blasted software to work.Enough said . I never write reviews/commentary like this . I leave that to the naive 14 year olds who do n't know how the world works . But this time , I am seething with anger over this total waste of money and time .
 If you want a lot of headaches then buy this game outright . If you want to be smart about it download and try the demo first . Different people like different things , so you may love this game or hate it , gameplay-wise . What is not in dispute though is that the game is definitely buggy . That point has come through in review after review , so do you 're self a favor and install and play the demo first . I expect we 'll see a patch and a re-release of the demo in the near future , due to these issues . But testing your system out with the free demo will give you the `` heads-up '' as to whether or not the game will be stable enough with your drivers/system specifications .
 This is the buggiest piece of software I 've ever dealt with . When it runs , the game is some fun , and the graphics are OK -- not bad , but certainly nothing special , even with DX10 and all graphics options maxed . In terms of concept and gameplay , it is precisely Diablo 3 . But it is virtually unplayable due to all the bugs . It crashes to desktop , randomly locks up , and many quests are bugged , making them impossible to complete . Before buying this , have a look at the official game support forums for an idea of the problems people are having .
 I will confess that I did not play the full game , but instead played only about forty minutes of the free demo . I found it to be a little `` primitive '' actually , and some of the graphics looked every bit of nine years old . The gameplay had some silly contrivances , like putting a `` headstone '' down where you `` die '' each time . A much better game where you 're gang-rushed by enemies and have to use all your twitch-gamer reflexes is the first Painkiller.With so many other spectacular new games coming out now , like Call of Duty 4 and Crysis , I just ca n't see spending money or time on a game like Hellgate
 ... However , seeing that the company 's death had a LOT to do with the price-drop -LRB- Currently @ $ 3.88 -RRB- I 'll still hold off until this baby 's @ least $ 2.50-3 .00 before a purchase . . And I have prime membership to boot !
 Circa 2002 graphics and character models that look nothing like the quality in the cut-scene movies -LRB- think Unreal2 -RRB- ; you can only configure a few of the controls ; no voice acting on most dialog -LRB- you read and flip pages -RRB- ; boring linear levels that are not even atmospheric or spooky in 3rd person ; lame AI . I guess if you like fiddling with complicated character attributes and inventory this might be for you . This will be in the clearance $ 19.99 bin in about 2 months .
 Where do I start?For some reason , I got the impression this was a shooter.NOPEI 'll do the GOOD/BAD review.Installing : Uuugh . If you have Vista , prepare for one blocked attempt after another . It took MANY tries to find the patch to download and finally restart my computer and finally play.Opening : Good
 I was excited about this game until I played the demo . The graphics are good but overall game play is boring . Those of you that love Diablo 2 you will find this game lacking the intensity . Overall do n't waste your money , or try looking at Call of Duty 4 demo or TimeShift Demo . Those games are better FPS .
 Grabbed 2 copies for my wife and I on release day a year ago . We tried playing for about a month . The party functions were just horrible , most of the time we would both jump into the same zone only to not be able to see eachother . Atleast 2-3 bugs found a night with casual play.It might have been entertaining as a single player , but not for the $ 50 I paid for it.Now that they are shutting down the servers -LRB- which is true , I got the announcement from them -RRB- , it 's more of a fancy coaster if anything . You wo n't be able to download the patches and the single player game will be horrible without them .
 First of all let me say this is a fun game . If you liked Diablo 2 you 'll love how this game plays and feels . I got this the day it came out and I 've played every day pretty much since then.Pros : - Unique apocalyptic future setting but with demons -LRB- not too many games like that -RRB- - Very fun . Action Rpg with a lot of variety with ways to play . - Good graphics with settings maxed . -LRB- You 'll definitely need a high end computer though -RRB- Cons
 Well the online server is going down next year and the idiots never offered Lan support .
 Just to give potential buyer 's a head 's up , Flagship Studios gave pink slips to its entire development team and this game is now in a state of flux . The servers are still up as of 16 Jul 08 , but continuing content updates are now unknown . Might want to save your money until this situation resolves itself .
 This game had a shaky start but was one of the most fun games I 've ever played on-line . The single player game however left much to be desired and was barely worked on . This presents a large problem to the current game considering all American and European servers are now off-line leaving you with just about nothing to play . Only buy this game if you wish to play a shaky single player game with absolutely no support at all due to Flagship Studios mishandling their company budget and going bankrupt . That had nothing at all to do with the player base , the game was very popular quite often having around 50,000 people on-line at a time but evidently they pocketed the money and did nothing else with it and pulled the plug on the game way before they ever added much content to the game . I 'd still play the game today if they had not have simply pulled the plug on the game killing all their subscribers off in one blow .
 The online servers for this game have been shut down . The company that designed and supported this game is out of business . Very boring and repetive game anyway . No way to patch and there is no support for this game . Buy it at your own risk .
 So Blizzard has made more money off World Of Warcraft than any game in history and the former Diablo II team members who did not move over to work on World of Warcraft left to form ArenaNet and make Guild Wars -LRB- an excellent series of game I might add -RRB- , pretty much the rest of that team later left Blizzard to form Flagship Studios and to make their vision of what Diablo 3 should have been and that game is Hellgate
 I just bought this game yesterday and have not even began to examine this game in-depth , but I 'm already almost completely turned off . I installed the game and got to the menu screen with no problems , the irritation began when I started a new dynasty . Made it through the draft , staff signing , and training camp and was looking forward to the upcoming season . First things first , I had a couple players I wanted to add to my roster so I went to the trade screen and was immediately irked that I could not find player salary listings . This makes it almost entirely impossible to trade if either team is over the salary cap as player salaries on both ends of the trade need to be equal -LRB- or within 20 % -RRB- . It took me forever to get a trade completed that was equal , as you are offering blind . Moving on very irritated , I went to update my starting lineup to plug the holes that my trade had just created only to learn that the idiots at EA forgot to add the reorder rosters button into 2008 . You literally have to manually adjust the starting five before entering each game , but that does n't solve the issues if you sim games ... Anyway , highly irritated , I moved on to my first game , manually setting my starting 5 . Tipoff , game starts I 've got the ball hit Peja Stojakovic who is wide open on the perimeter for 3 . Missed , got the rebound , back out to Peja , missed , over and over again . I 've always been a good shooter in the NBA live series and by the time I exited the game , about half way through the 1st quarter , Peja had missed 10 straight 3s -LRB- most of them wide open ... -RRB- . Other problems in game were as listed in the other reviews . One player taking every shot , wild baseline fading while leaning left/right shots for 3 being drilled , awkward player movements , inaccurate game fatigue -LRB- Shaun Livingston about ready to drop dead from fatigue 6 minutes into the 1st quarter -RRB- , etc. . . Irritated beyond belief and amazed , I quickly checked NBA Live 's website for an update , `` there has to be an update for these problems , there must be ... '' , I said to myself , I was almost speachless when I found that there was not a single update to be had on NBA Live 2008 's website . Keep in mind that this is MONTHS after the games release . Sure , amateurs have thrown together workaround fixes , but these require downloading game modifiers and manually loading them into the game folder . EA really dropped the ball on this one . They have , in effect , released a half completed game and have failed to remedy the situation . Do EA employee 's even try out their junk before it 's released ? It took me 5 minutes to find fatal flaws in this game that make it well near unplayable as is -LRB- and retailing at 50-30 $ , this is a complete slap in the face -RRB- . With NBA Live 08 , EA is saying loud and clear that they do n't care about ripping off their loyal consumer base . I have bought EVERY NBA Live since 99 and have NEVER been so disapointed with the end product . When EA releases NBA Live 2009 , I 'm going to have serious reservations about buying , if I ever buy ...
 I have n't played the NBA Live series for a few years but this one turns out to be a disappointment . What I 'm saying is , it is not as realistic as before . In the game , the opposition 's offense concentrates almost on only one , or maybe two players . For instance , when I play against the Raptors , Chris Bosh would attempt like half of the team 's field goals . Other similar examples are Antawn Jamison and Gilbert Arenas in the Wizards , and Kobe Bryant in the Lakers . Often times half of the points scored by the opposing team are from only one player . I remember , in the previous versions , say 2003 or 2004 , the attack was more balanced.The opposing team also tends to make some very unbelievable shots , like off-balance/fade away from beyond the arc while I could miss layups . And players like Kobe , Lebron would just dunk , dunk and dunk and you could n't stop them no matter who you have in the paint . Maybe it 's me , but I 've been playing the game since 1998 with Tim Hardaway on the cover . I can say I 'm a pretty experienced player on this and these did n't happen.The biggest joke of the game is its simulation which is completely unrealistic . I opened a season mode and I checked the boxscores of the CPU-against-CPU matches . I was amazed how could the likes of Tim Duncan , Yao Ming , Pau Gasol and Shaq attempt like 5 to 10 3-pointers in a game and they actually made them as if they were Jason Kapono.I was completely turned off by the lack of realism in the game and I decided to only play a single match once in a while.Since I have n't been playing the game for 3 years , what I said above might not be new . But it certainly did n't happen 4 years ago .
 I bought '07 about eight months ago , loved it , but lost it last week . This was $ 10 at fry 's so I bought it . It is almost exactly the same game.Players : The biggest downside by far . First off , the ratings did n't change at all . Players like Brandon Roy , LaMarcus Aldridge , and David West , who were all rated in the low 70 's in '07 should have gone up at least 10 . But they have the exact same stats as before , as does just about everyone , even players like Steve Francis -LRB- 82 , has sucked for a few seasons now -RRB- and Jalen Rose -LRB- 71 , retired -RRB- . Also , rookies -LRB- half of whom are missing from the game -RRB- have completely messed up ratings . Alando Tucker is an 86 . Chris Paul is an 85 . About 15-20 rookies have messed up ratings like this , in the 80 's . That completely screws up dynasty mode if you do a fantasy draft . I had to edit about 150 players total -LRB- rookies plus vets with ridiculous ratings -RRB- and save the roster just to make dyansty mode not a total joke . It took about 3 hours . Another problem is that pictures were n't updated , which means rookies have no pictures . Not a huge deal , but still it shows how lazy they were in making this game.Gameplay : The same as ' 07 . Commentators say pretty much the same stuff , graphics have n't gotten any better . . sure , the graphics are n't bad , and the game is reasonably fun , but it 's a new game , should n't they have updated it more?The Good : I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 for the following reasons : - The music is absolutely amazing . Mostly underground/indie rap , I absolutely love just about every song.-Some decent new features . The FIBA tournament is alright , even if the players ratings on teams from other countries are stupid as can be.-It 's still kind of a fun game . It 's just about the same as ' 07 . Bottom line
 This game is a joke . Seriously . If you 're any kind of basketball fan , you ca n't seriously like this . First , they do n't adjust many of the player ratings from like 2005 . I own that game , too , and Carlos Boozer is still rated 73 , while Kirilenko is still rated 88 . Hmmmm . Plus , the collision detection is awful and the gameplay is just sloppy and frustrating.I used to be a huge fan , but Live has just gotten more and more insulting each year . Do yourself a favor and get NBA 2K9 if you want a good basketball PC game .
 I `` loved '' the live series . The best one was 2005 in my opinion . I still play 2005 with updated rosters and player ratings adjusted to current players ' abilities . The reason why I mention this is that none of the live series after 2005 really improve the game from 2005 , rather , the series gets worse every year . I wo n't re-list all the issues - I agree with almost all of them . EA will not make any patches , updates for the game because couple months after each live series is out , they are already finished making the next one simply chaning the number Live 08 to 09 , 09 to 10 etc. . The graphics , game physics , menus , system have not changed in a long time . Sure , it may look a lil better and players get flashy signature moves or `` zones '' where they are supposed to get `` hot '' and make lots of shots . None of these things matter unless the game is balanced and actually fun to play . This game has no substance , no replayable value . It gets very boring very fast plus it has all the issues other reviers had mentioned . They should just make one solid game and have users buy patches every year and maybe , update the graphics every 2-3 years . Do not waste your money on this piece of junk . I just gave mine away to my lil cousin.EA really needs to wake up . I 'm so glad the 2k9 came out . I wish EA made this game so that the users have complete freedom . Like changing rosters - if they ar n't going to give us roster updates , just at least give us freedom to change it easily . and you know what ? Try blocking shots in this game it feels like nothing . EA , please consider firing your current live team .
 I do n't even know where to begin with this game . First it was on sale for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- so I thought what the hey and bought it . Big mistake . The interface is a disaster with cuts of game footage in the background which looks like a bad MySpace page . Any roster or player editing is a pain because you have to individually click to get to the bottom of the player list . Like lets say your editing Clippers players , to get to the last player you have to click 11-12 times to get to the player you want to edit instead of scrolling which the game developers did not put in.Everything about this game is difficult , the developers did n't seem to put much thought into this game , perhaps because it was PC instead of concole.The gameplay itself is a joke , if you just want to play some arcade style basketball its ok but for the diehard fan its an absolute nightmare . Scrubs point guards getting 60 points a game just because they drive to the rim and score even though you have 3 big men guarding the basket . Modifying to make the game better is impossible and for the life of me I COULD NOT SAVE ANY GAMES !!!!!! The first thing they should 've done is make saving games as easy and effortless as possible.In short I am done with the NBA Live series , I will switch to the 2K9 series.Oh and the Gilbert Areanas cover with the horribly ugly uniform has got to be the worst nba game cover in the history of mankind . They would n't pull this kind of stuff for the Madden series . EA Sports treats the NBA Live series like a ugly stepchild .
 Do n't Buy this Game !!!! Do n't get me wrong - I bought this game originally a LONG time ago and LOVED it ! Good characters , story , puzzles . . the whole 9 yards ! When my disc got scratched a few years later I bought a new one ... BIG MISTAKE!Long story short , it does NOT work with most of today 's Windows Operating Systems ! -LRB- Not sure if it 's even Mac compatible -RRB- . I contacted the costumer support of the game company and they basically said Tough Luck ! It 's just NOT meant to play on today 's devices!If there is a way to get it to play , and I hope there is , let me know ! Just be careful if you have a Windows XP or newer operating system and you want to play this game!The Sacred Amulet -LRB- Jewel Case -RRB-
 Ok this game is NOT really fun at all.Its more of an educational game where you learn about ancient stuff.and the controls are all just piont and click.No action at all . Its the kind of game that shoud be in schools !!
 I really do n't expected this from a company like Konami , when i was received that product I put on test inmediately , and i realize that the game was hanging up , I try again several times , at thirty attempted , finally works . The graphics are really bad , like the times of Atari 2600 .
 I bought this for my daughter -LRB- whom is 4 -RRB- and I thought that we could do it together . It goes very fast and hard to follow . Maybe it was me ??? I would n't necessarily recommend it . We 'll keep trying though !!
 I purchased this product after reading many reviews on Amazon . We must be talking different languages . This product is not a good toy . I purchased it for Christmas for my 5 & 7 yo daughters . This product has no `` pros '' only `` cons '' . Here they are . 1 -RRB- Music
 It is just a piece of plastics , not mat ! So light that it got sticked on my foot . Very easy to slip when dancing . Threw it away on the first day .
 We usually love Dreamcatcher games , but were really disappointed in this one , the one reason being that it wo n't play on our PC . You can find absolutely no help for this problem . The only thing we could find out is that some PCs will play it and others wo n't . We have kept this game hoping that Dreamcatcher would make a patch for this game . I think they owe it to the many people who have spent their hard earned money on this game to find that they ca n't play it . Save your money !
 If you have Win Xp do not buy this game , game will crash is not stable in XP it will not be worth the trouble . If you already have it :--LRB- write an email to tech support describing your problem they will offer you a credit or you can exchange the game .
 I picked this game up because it was so cheap ... figured it would be worth a shot . Well , the system reqs stated that it was XP compatible , but , after loading the game I found that it would only crash every time I tried to click on the dsk-top icon . I unistalled/reinstalled it 3 or 4 times -LRB- using the ME , 98 , and 2000 options -RRB- , but got the same result . I even tried opening this game using XP 's own compatibility feature -LRB- for ME and 2000 titles -RRB- . Still nothing . I then went to Dreamcatcher 's website . No patches or updates ; hardly any tech support at all . I then went to the forums on Dreamcatcher 's adventure site and , lo and behold , I saw about 15 posts from other XP users who were having the exact same problem
 I tried playing this game twice and will probably never go back to it . The controls and the camera are very sloppy and amateurish . Pointing out ` cliche ' gameplay does n't make it any better ; it 's still fairly boring . Maybe later levels would be better but I just can not be bothered playing to them . I thought Hit 'n' Run a much better game .
 This game is fun and the humor is pretty good . There are references to the show itself , and I truly do enjoy Comic Book Guy 's numerous cliches.The problem with this game , as others have indicated in their reviews , is the gameplay . I 've never played a game where the camera angle is the biggest obstacle in the game , but that is the case here . It 's a struggle to get the view you need to accomplish certain tasks . Then when you do , it can change on you by itself while you are in the middle of some critical action.Bottom line , it 's a good game that could be great if the designers just cleaned up the gameplay . That 's always the most important part of any game .
 This game is fun at first for Simpson 's fans , but then it 's really overkill with the annoying anti intuitive `` puzzles '' thru-out the game . I really like games of this type that are simple , yet with variety . Also , the video angles are annoying & if you step out of place , you ca n't see where you 're trying to go !
 this game is too hard , so i took it back to gamestop , the camera does n't work good , so you ca n't manuver through the levels any good , and i do n't reccomend it , it was a huge let down . only lasted a few hours .
 The game plays like a Dreamcast title from early this decade . Terrible camera with sluggish , non-responsive controls and bad even for a PS2 graphics . Other than the vignettes between levels , there is nothing to recommend this game .
 For a video game that spends 90 % of it 's time making fun of video game cliches , this one has one more it could add to its list
 Just ambled my way through the first 2 episodes and this game is terrible . I am a huge Simpsons fan , not so much of a gamer -LRB- it 's 2011 and I still own only a PS2 -RRB- , but I do not appear alone in my frustration with this game . Suffers horribly from ledges that are too difficult to balance on and too easy to fall off of , requiring you to constantly attempt the same thing over and over . If it was n't for a youtube guide on this -LRB- played by someone who is himself audibly frustrated by the same obstacles while trying to play through the game -RRB- I 'd have never gotten through the first 2 levels . The first level is also just really lame . Homer has nothing to do but beat up some chocolate bunnies and climb some things . Camera angles are horrible throughout the game also . You can control the camera angle but even then it is frustratingly difficult to get the view you want so you can accomplish what you need to accomplish . There 's also this feature where Homer turns into a fat ball that rolls around and crushes stuff , it might be amusing except it is nearly impossible to control what you 're doing with Homer and where you 're going . Very disappointing game , I will be bringing it into Gamestop . I bought it used at Best Buy for $ 10 , we 'll have to see how much of that money was wasted when I inevitably sell the game for less .
 este juego es solo para fanaticos de la serie ya que es un mal juego , tiene malas graficas , los movimientos de los personajes son monotonos y pesados , el juego es muy corto y la camara es pesima .
 The camera angles & views for this game are absolutely terrible . They change on their own way too much -LRB- often mid jump -RRB- making it impossible to see what you are doing or where you are going.The controls for this game are horrible - they make game play unbelievable frustrating . You have to do the most meaningless tasks over and over again which completely drains the game of any fun.Also the story line is weak and hard to follow , you dont really know whats going on or what you are supposed to be doing and you get very little guidance.Bottomline
 Do n't buy these cards ! NCSoft has marked these cards as expired despite the claim that any NCSoft time card can be used to add time to any NCSoft game . Even if you claim that you used it in the past , it does n't work anymore . I suggest to be careful about older NCSoft time cards as well , since those may be expired too .
 In general the gameplay was fun , but it had many flaws.One issue being the fact that even though you back in time your ALWAYS in the same area , the architecture is differnt in each era but it still lacks alot . One other big dissapointment in the game is how incredibly short it was . Personally i think it was a waste of 10 dollars . this game had obvious potential but , its lack of gameplay and Creativity on some aspects really brought it down .
 EA Sports has pulled some bad stuff in the last while , but this one takes the cake . This is borderline false advertising.I bought this game after reading about the new features , i.e. the new advanced stickhandling , creating your own plays , and stellar graphics that appear on the TV advertisements . EA 's `` NHL '' franchise has been pretty bad for releasing products that are essentially the same thing only with updated rosters . Unfortunately , this has happened again despite the company 's claim to new features . I skipped NHLs 06 and 07 respectively because of this . I can say that short of a few small differences , the PC version of NHL 2008 is almost IDENTICAL to the PC version of NHL 2005 , the last one I owned.First of all , the new stickhandling feature does not exist for the PC , it appears that you have to purchase a PS2/XBox 360 `` Hybrid '' controller in order for this to happen . The `` create your own strategy '' is also nowhere to be found . Finally , the game 's graphics are literally the exact same as NHL 2005 . Beware
 I have played every version of this game back to NHL ' 97 . I hear the same kinds of complaints every year
 NHL 06 was one of the greatest computer games I 've ever played . The players were somewhat realistic , the game had its challenges , but most importantly , it was fun to play.NHL 07 was pretty much the same game as NHL 06 but with roster updates . It was still pretty fun to play but it would have been nice for EA to have made some more changes.NHL 08 is one of the worst games I 've ever played in my life . It 's like they took NHL 07 and took all of the fun out of it . All of the players play the same despite their skill level , the goalie covers the puck whenever it gets close to him , it 's really pathetic . I tried to give this game a chance but I just ended up selling it after about a week . I wish EA would just provide roster updates for NHL 07 or even 06 and let us play that instead of this embarrasment.This game is no fun at all , the keyboard configuration changed once again so all of the controls are different than what I 'm used to from last year . The only good thing about this game was the fact that they had pictures of pretty much all of the hockey players in the game , something that they did n't have in previous versions.That being said , I doubt I will be buying NHL 09 .
 NHL 08 is a game that could have been great but is marred by the complex controls . To control the players they asume that you have an advanced controller which I do not . The music is nice but the commentators annoying so I switched the language to russian which makes it more tollerable since I do not understand russian . The graphics are ok but feel recycled from earlier versions of the NHL series . I felt a bit disappointed by this and will see if NHL 09 does it any better . Not recommended . 2/5 .
 Every time they update the NHL game they change the menus around , make them harder to use and hide the game features and settings that you are used to using . NHL 2008 , sadly , was no exception to that rule . Also , the NHL games used to come with an instruction manual that actually provided useful information to help you navigate through their confusing menus , but this version has the shortest , most uninformative game manual I have ever seen.The game play is lamer than previous versions - the ai players will NOT go toward the net and get open for a pass no matter what you do and any time you try to pass to a player that is open for a decent scoring chance , the puck will inevitably go the wrong player - the one in the middle of the ice with 3 defensemen on him - either that or it will simply go back down the ice to your own end . It is also just about impossible to win a faceoff against the computer in this game . And the computer does n't pass the puck in the faceoff , it just takes the puck , skates past your defensemen and shoots it . Forget strategy - just wait for the opponent to win the faceoff , skate past your defensemen , shoot it on goal and then get the puck and skate end to end and shoot it.And the PowerPlay is useless in this game - I get more goals shorthanded than on the powerplay.The hybrid controls suck - change the settings to classic.Despite all of that I do play it alot because I love hockey . I actually like NHL 2003 a LOT better but thanks to switching to VISTA I can no longer play it ...
 Initially I was dissapointed in this game . The advertised features seem to have been either not included or poorly implemented on the PC version of this game . I have come to be even more dissapointed over time realizing what a great game this is but not being able to really enjoy it due to some easily fixable -LRB- but no answer from EA -RRB- issues.Purchased this game for my son for Christmas as he is a huge NHL fan and regularly plays NHL 06 on gamecube . HE could not wait for NHL 08 to come out . Since we own a WII and Gamecube , we were hoping for a WII version but EA dropped the ball and ignored WII users . So I thought , hey we can get the PC version . So , excitedly my son opens his gift , we load it up -LRB- no tech issues as I have the latest hardware -RRB- and wow , we are going to play NHL 08 including all his favorite players . `` Wait , dad where is my goalie ... I slightly press down on the direction button on the controller while moving my guy and it pulls my goalie ... how can I play '' `` I do n't know son . . lets go to options , these things are usually easily remappable ... hmmmm ... the program wo n't let us change anything to configure the controllers ... hmmmm . . usually games at least let you reconfigure to the controller you own ... let 's check for a solution on the web ... wow , lots of others are having this problem too ... EA MUST have addressed it if so many are experiencing it also ... I ca n't find any solution ... I guess you are out of luck son and ca n't play NHL 08 ... '' . Thanks to all the EA developers for leaving out that critical piece that would have made this game truly great . You made my Holiday truly `` special '' . Cons : - You are essentially forced to use a Logitech controller to play this game effectively . I purchased the latest XBox360 wireless controllers for windows -LRB- pretty much the new standard -RRB- and they are not supported by this game . Not only is it not supported , there is no way to remap the keys within the NHL 08 PC program to make it work . It sort of shows the controller remapping on the options screen but you cant change anything to make it work . This is a ajor oversight by EA and frankly shoddy work . If you want to really play the game , you will probably be buying a new controller . EA should have bundled a controller and charged more if they were going to make this a playable game . On my controller you can not really shoot correctly and you keep accidentially hitting the `` pull goalie '' function during gameplay due to the inability to turn off or remap that feature . Finding out you have no goalie on the ice -LRB- after the other team scores on the empty net -RRB- does not give you that warm and fuzzy feeling about this release . - No roster updates for PC version eventhough the console version have had this -LRB- why not ? -RRB- . For some reason -LRB- arrogance , do n't care , etc -RRB- EA will not officially offer and help or response to people would otherwise probably love the game because without these two issues , it is a great game . EA forums only offer a surly moderator who only knows enough to be of no help to anyone . Poor Custoer Service EA . And this from a game that is winning all sorts of `` Sports Game of the Year '' awards -LRB- they must have been reviewing the console versions -RRB- . Pros
 I received this as a gift for Christmas , like a tradition as I have for many years now.This year EA decided to severely limit the number of controllers this game will support . Now , my tried and true MS sidewinder can not be used effectively in the game . It seems most all controllers will be recognized and usable in the game , but you will be forced to use the games default controller mapping during gameplay.As per the EA Sports support pages/FAQ , there is no plan to address this issue . In fact , one reply from a Customer Service Tech stated , '' We 're surprised by the amount of people that do n't read the requirements '' . So make sure your mother in law knows what computer equipment you have before she buys you a gift !
 I have NHL 06 and now I have 08 . I can only find a couple of minimal differences between them .1 . It is much harder to score . The skill stick in 06 is n't there and the goalies do n't just lay on the ice like they did in 06.2 . The menu lookes different , but I think it is just the same . I have n't explored the AHL teams yet .3 . The game play is choppier . Do n't get me wrong , I have a new computer running on XP . I have a 2.80 GHz procceser and 1GB of RAM .4 . The boards say NHL 08 instead if 06.5 . The rosters are updated.In all I would reccomend you buying 06 or 07 . You might want to get this game , but only when it goes down in price to $ 10 or $ 15 . That is all it is really worth . You would think that after 2 years in the rate that tecnology is progressing , the graphics might inprove at the very least . But no , the gameplay get 's choppier instead . I am glad I got this as a gift and did n't spend my own money on it . EA is just putting in all their game devolopers into the Xbox 360 and Playstation 3 versions of the game . It 's pretty sad , that even though PC is considered part of the next gen consols this game is so uniproved .
 This product was just horrible in every respect.Start UpThis game does not install , but instead plays straight off the CD-ROM . I put the disk in the CD-ROM drive , and it spins away , but is n't read . I go online , and there is a feeble help section on the Atari/Humongous site , which basically tells me to update all of my drivers . I update all of the drivers -LRB- and I do mean all -RRB- and still the disk spins but is n't read . -LRB- And no other CD or CD-ROM gives me trouble . -RRB- But ... strangely , when I put the disk in the DVD drive sometimes the drive reads the disk , and sometimes it doesnt . Either way though , the game will not start up . But , when the DVD drive does read the disk , I am able to navigate through the disk , and double click the program file and start the game.Game PlayWe have several other versions of Backyard Baseball , and this one is just pathetic . Much worse both in terms of game play and graphics than versions 5 years older . And as if that was n't bad enough , the hitting is very hard to master , so that your child 's frustration level soon goes off the chart.Customer SupportEmailed customer support for help in getting the game to start up normally . Got an automated response that they were migrating their customer support and would be offline for some time . WHO MIGRATES THEIR CUSTOMER SUPPORT DURING THE HOLIDAY SEASON?Then when I do finally get a response from Atari it is to tell me that they no longer support the title and refer me to the Backyard Sports web site . Which has a meager Technical FAQ section , and no way to contact them for further assistance.This is absolutely the worst PC game and worst customer experience I have ever had in 20 + years of PC gaming .
 I 've played Backyard Baseball 2005 and it brought me hours of enjoyment . I played about 1 half a game in Backyard Baseball 2007 and it brought me instant pain . The controls are clumsy , the camera settings for the graphics are bad . It 's just not very playable or very much fun . Go back to Backyard Baseball 2005 and start over from there . I was extremely disapointed in Backyard Baseball 2007 . Albert you should know something about a product before putting your name on it . Play Backyard Baseball 2005 .
 Plainly put this product blatently sucks , sorry , I can almost always find something positive to say about a game but this is just a sorry excuse for a game.You can not play with a controller on PC ? What kind of baseball game does n't let you use a controller , I mean a baseball game is perfectly in sync with the layout on a controller , to use a mouse or keyboard to play is ludicrous . I 'm sure the other versions -LRB- PS2 , GBA -RRB- use controllers why the heck ca n't they incorporate that feature into PC?I love Backyard Baseball 2005 and only bought this to upgrade a bit , thinking they would have improved a few things , but no improvements whatsoever . The field is n't fully visible when you hit the ball , it 's near impossible to control fielders with a mouse , using the keyboard to hit a ball is a clunky interface at best , still no network support for multiplayer games ?? C'mon it 's BB 2007 not 1997 . And what is this business of playing the game direct off of CDROM ? That means updates/patches are never gon na happen , you ca n't patch a CD Disc , UGHHHH ! Pity to the peeps whose CD Rom drives poop out from whirring away for an hour to play this game.I wish I would have read the other reviews on amazon before I bought this stinker . Please listen to me , the only thing this game would be good for is a birthday present to a kid you do n't like very much
 Just got my game . As far as my PC is concerned , the CD is blank . All other CDs and games work fine . This is the second time I tried to purchase this game , the first one was from a used-book store . Both disk appear blank when opened in Windows Explorer . * sigh * Now I have a disappointed kid and I bet return is going to be a hassle . Anyone else had that problem ?
 The game would n't work on my Mac . I took it to the Genius Bar at the Apple store & they said my Mac was too advanced for the game . The producer of this should inform buyers that it does n't work on newer versions .
 This game had all the makings of a cool game , but they botched it . I 'm sorry to say I never made it past the 5th mission.Problems : Sound . It 's like the Sims . everyone talks in gibberish.Mission play has ONE combination that works . That is BAD . In each mission you get a few Ghosts that are pre-picked . BUT ... you have other ghosts you can buy , or when you rescue ghosts from houses , they join your team , and are selectablefor other missions . Now , I was hopping that I could accomplish a mission with ghosts of MY choosing . NOT.The computer chooses a few ghosts for your mission , but if you like another ghosts , because you LIKE him , youwill not be able to complete the mission . You NEED the ghosts that are `` Suggested '' . This sucks . Why buy a ghost , if you ca n't use him till the comp says so?There should be multiple ways of completing missions , and i have tried many things , I feel should work . They do n't . ONLY the right combination , and order , of choices will get you through.This game lasted a week for me , and that is only because I really wanted it to be fun.Graphics are cool .
 Do n't buy this game if your Mac is less than 5 years old ! It simply wo n't run on most Macs made after 2005 . I emailed Feral about the problem and they replied : '' ... unfortunately , this game is designed for Macs with PowerPC processors , and will run poorly on Intel processors . We are aware of the graphical problems with the more modern MACs , but unfortunately there is nothing that will be done about this issue due to the age of the game . I am sorry that I can not offer any more encouraging news . `` They are still happy to sell it to you at a reduced price , even though it wo n't work on your computer .
 The game worked through the ` create ' phase . When the map came up to start actually playing it was like someone sent an electric pulse to my computer that made it go haywire . I tried again and again but there was no luck playing this on my 24 '' iMac that I bought new in 2008 . Frustrating !!
 This looked fun and right up my alley . I wish my 24 '' iMac could handle it . I tried tuning the graphics low and everything else I could think of ... . it booted , loaded , then TRIED to play ... . but it 's too glitchy - I could n't even navigate the map . Be careful buying this one .
 The idea of this game is cool , BUT the gameplay is not too user friendly . I 'm still struggling with controls and comprehension . I may be slow or just not have the time to invest , but be prepared to spend time understanding gameplay.Personally , I only recommend this if you have too much free time and do n't have any other games . This game actually inspired me to return to my Playstation for gaming .
 nothing new or special . it really is quite the same as the other dbz games , my son played it 2-3 times , was disappointed and bored .
 I just do n't get it . The DBZ games have been hit and miss for as long as they 've been made , even in Japan on the Super Famicom , and that disappointing tradition continued into the Sony Playstation and the PS2 as game developers continued to display loudly that they have no idea what fans see in DBZ and are n't desperate enough to ask . That 's the only possible reason why so much DBZ stuff is trash.Still , up until Budokai Tenkaichi , it at least seemed like they were TRYING to get it right . Budokai 1 and 2 were mediocre at best , and Budokai 3 was good , but not perfect . Tenkaichi improved the flying engine no end , destroyed the fighting mechanics of the game and messily murdered the character variety by including umteen million characters that all have the exact same special moves.This game is new , but it 's still worse than either of those games , both of which I was already quite disappointed with , on a DBZ power level scale . Budokai 3 used experience gaining to enable character modifications in the game itself , and if those modifications were nowhere near as extreme as they were in the series , they were still better than in Tenkaichi , which tried to do the same thing with `` item fusions . '' DBZ has -LRB- if you 've ever watched the show or read the manga -RRB- had very little to do with items.No , DBZ is an anime and manga about characters who 've pushed the strength , speed and endurance of their bodies to cosmic levels over the course of a few decades -LRB- as it 's measured in the manga -RRB- using weights , training equipment , complex exercises and martial arts . At this level , they find themselves with the speed to seemingly teleport from place to place , and commanding bio-energies than give them the power to fly and destroy entire planets . As you might imagine , some of their fights are pretty spectacular.But the real meat of the DBZ storyline is n't about the fighting , but rather , about characters trembling in fear of one another 's strength , or training desperately for those last few ounces of power needed to defeat a particular foe . That 's why I consider Budokai 3 to be a fighting game success , but a DBZ failure . The changes in power level over the course of the game were toned down from the anime to make the matches more even , and possibly limit play time . It was , after all , a fighting game , not an RPG.That 's really the big problem with this game as well . It 's a fighting game , not an RPG . It does contain experience points -LRB- as well as a meter labeled `` BP '' -RRB- but neither really seems to do much aside from unlocking a few new special moves for each character . In DBZ -LRB- the anime , -RRB- Frieza -LRB- with a power level of 500 + thousand -RRB- fought Nail -LRB- with a power level of 42 thousand . -RRB- Naturally , Nail 's strongest attacks did no damage at all , and Frieza 's strength was so monstrous that he crippled Nail in just a few blows.But in Super DBZ , a character with a power level in the millions has only a slight advantage over a character with a power level of only 6 thousand , or even lower . Yes , I would like to see that changed , although the only way to really do it would be by making DBZ into an actual RPG.The concept is so enticing , in fact , of DBZ actually achieving its potential as a video game that I went to the trouble once of writing up design specs for how I 'd design it , but I wo n't do that here.Aside from that primary gripe of mine , there are also lesser gripes I have with this game . Compared with other DBZ games , this game is pathetically small . The flight engine is toned down from Tenkaichi , and there are fewer characters and fewer moves and transformations than in any other PS2 DBZ game as far as I can tell . As I said , small.So when so many other , better , bigger DBZ games have already been released , what hole did they expect this game to fill ? Certainly , it did n't fix the central problem that all other DBZ games have had up to this point , and it detracted from many other aspects of those games . What a disappointment . I 'm glad I always Rent Before Buying . This game is my perfect justification in that respect .
 This game sucked so badly its not even funny , the grahpic was terrible , the gameplay was terrible , not alot of characters , this was a pieace of s. . . , that needed to be flushed down the toilet but good thing i rented this game from block buster but wow this was horrible not even fun the graphic was so badly meesed up it was like a crocadile at a pieace of paper and spat it back out thats how bad it was , budokai1 was better then this pieace of ho ha this was the worst game i evered played .
 Driving simulations , thanks to today 's fast personal computers are very realistic ... but this is n't one of them . Total Immersion Racing -LRB- TIR -RRB- is a Mac/PC version of an arcade game and it looks like it and drives like it . Think PlayStation and you have the right idea . Try the free download demo version before you buy.For a much more realistic driving experience -LRB- a $ 55 - $ 100 USB steering wheel and pedals set really is a necessity -RRB- try $ 20 ` NASCAR Racing Season 2003 ' -LRB- NASCAR -RRB- or $ 30 ` F1 Championship Season 2000 ' -LRB- F1CS2K -RRB- . Do n't let the dates make you think these simulations are old-they refer to the tracks , cars and drivers from that year.NASCAR cars are big , heavy and powerful . The sim does an amazing job of modeling the feel of drifting and sliding ; you really can steer with throttle and weight shift . Instant replays are fun to watch , and the program even includes a limited editor so you can create your own movie with highlights using several different camera angles . The sound of the big V8s really adds to the fun , and for you hot-rodders out there you can tweak just about everything about the cars to try to scrape another .1 second off your lap time . Online racing against drivers on your LAN or around the world on the Web is also possible too . A downloadable demo is available free from various sites , but they 're huge at 100 + gigabytes , so unless you have DSL or cable modem just let Amazon sell you one . You 'll be glad you did.F1CS2K cars are small , light , very nimble and very fast . With a force feedback steering wheel you can feel the road better than with NASCAR , indeed you can even feel the rumble strips at the apex of a turn and the wheel gets loose when you 're briefly airborne over a rise . To drive fast you MUST practice , and the drivers ' school , which is very demanding , really helps improve your skill . F1CS2K is , in my opinion more realistic than NASCAR , but it 's also the hardest to drive well and thus-for my money-the more enjoyable . But I still drive NASCAR periodically , just because the big cars are fun in their own macho noisy way . Once you 're turning respectable laps on a Grand Prix track -LRB- my favorite is Spa in the mountains -RRB- try it again in the rain ! Very humbling even with the `` grip '' set-up . LAN and on-line racing also available with dozens of pre-established cars and set ups and thousands of possible combinations , as with NASCAR , if you want to tweak things yourself . You can save a loop of the last 20-120 minutes of driving at each track for instant replays depending on how much disk space you have -LRB- min . 500Mb but none required to drive -RRB- . Free download demo also available on the Web.My Logitech Momo Racing USB steering wheel and pedals set work very well with TIR , NASCAR , and F1CS2K . If you have an older , slower computer go for the NASCAR sim which has more ` low end ' graphics options . But with any G4 or G5 Mac both NASCAR and F1CS2K will bring you amazing graphics , realistic handling , lots of fun and , if you enjoy them as much as I do , hours of lost sleep.BTW , if you ever thought a couple of beers does n't effect your driving , have a couple and watch what happens to your lap times . Very sobering .
 I was really psycked getting this game . When I started playing i found out the graphics were n't as good as i expected . The pictures were very scratchy . Everyone said the running game was improved . Well they are wrong every attempt i cant get more than 1 yard . The game also has horrible commentating all of the commentators are delayed so they tlk befoore plays instead f present plays . The music wasalso horrible the music was continues playing a dumg long tune . This is a game no one should by not even rent it . If u want to play a good game play virtua Tennis
 NFL 2K1 is a fun game if you 're just looking for a good football simulation game with no basis in reality . The menus are quite intuitive , the learning curve is quick , and the player movement is pretty good . That being said , I can not believe that the NFL gave the approval for use of their player names and trademarks on this totally unauthentic effort . Some of the really obvious problems
 I can not express how disappointed I am with this game . I am almost tempted to go get back my copy of NFL2K . When I first played the game , I nearly cried at the graphics ! They 've taken a huge step back from last year , the players look too bulky . Not to mention that the game is loaded with clipping problems -LRB- players going thru each other -RRB- . The AI is also totally unbalanced . After a while it gets boring blowing out the computer 80-0 on Rookie so then u boost it to Pro . The computer scores a TD every friggin ' drive , on offence 90 % of your passes get dropped or intercepted . While the running game works well on Rookie , on Pro it feels exactly like playing last year 's game , the computer always buries u at the line of scrimmage . Well then what about the new modes ? Still no multi-season mode , no option to enter ur created teams and players in franchise mode either , and the game still takes up way too much space -LRB- 163 blocks -RRB- . I guess the only positive note about this game is the online mode , hence the extra star . However getting a lag-free game going is pretty rare . I for one , can not figure y this is suppose to be the best football game ever made . I guess I 'll have to hope for the best from Madden 2001 . Peace \ / !
 Due to the hype of other Dreamcast enthusiasts , I decided to purchase this game around 6 years ago . Unfortunately , to this day , I do not understand why so many claim this game as one of the systems shining titles.Six years ago was about the time many online games on the Dreamcast were being shut down for good . Since , as a whole , I was new to the online gaming scene at the time , I wanted to try all online Dreamcast games before it was to late . This led to my discovery and experiences with games such as Phantasy Star Online and Unreal Tournament . Both were HIGHLY addictive in their own special way and they were also well developed for the Dreamcast in terms of control AND performance ; online and off.On the other hand , this game was most certainly not . From the first time I played this game , and subsequent times after , only pure misery has followed.First the . . ughh , good parts.Since this game allows PC players to host games and dedicated servers , it is still TO THIS DAY one of a definite few titles that remains online on the Dreamcast . As a result of the PC link , there are also a couple `` mods '' that exist for the game when played online to . In addition , I will admit that it is graphically superior to many of the systems other previously online FPS 's and while not by any means fun , it does offer 4 player offline action . It also offers -LRB- iffy as you 'll read later -RRB- completely customizable controls.Sadly those are all the good parts I can think of -LRB- and I tried hard ! -RRB- , so now onto the bad.You have to get a keyboard and mouse to get any enjoyment out of it . For starters , I do n't like the statements people are making that interested parties NEED to invest in a keyboard and mouse to play this . Though the keyboard is certainly good for communication purposes , I have always felt the combination of it and a mouse do not belong on a game console . Furthermore , this statement is just giving an excuse to the developers of this game for poorly implemented controls and functionality.As I said previously , the controls are basically impossible to work with . Though I ca n't quite remember its layouts , UT had very good control configurations . In addition , there was a small hint of auto-aiming that made the game fluid to control ; I will gladly admit the Dreamcast controller was horribly suited to FPSs . This game however gives you 4 or 5 preset controller combinations that all feel bad and overly loose . There is no slight auto-aiming and you ca n't help but lose all control of your character when you become engaged in a firefight.To add to the package of horrible controls , the game also brings bad network functionality . Quake 3 ca n't even hold up with 37.5 % of Unreal 's maximum player count even if it 's games are hosted on a powerful dedicated server . I 'll admit 1 on 1 games run decent , but anything more is just a total lag fest which is totally unacceptable . Ugh , Unreal Tournament supported 8 players over dialup AND it ran BUTTERSMOOTH to boot . To this day I ca n't imagine any game-PC or Console - that was better performing over dialup and as horrible as it sounds , I wish this game would have lost it 's online functionality forever instead of Unreal.There are likely many other factors I may have missed going over in this review . Suffice to say , the subjects of control and network functionality are 2 things that count above all in an online FPS to ME and this game completely missed the mark in those areas.I still own this title since I have a hard time letting go of even my least prized games , but hear this now , it will NEVER hold a place in my heart as one of the best Dreamcast games ever .
 I bought this game hoping it would be like Unreal Tournament . When I first played it I liked it , it was very fast-paced and violent . But then I discovered -LRB- the next day -RRB- that the game was a complete waste of time for the following reasons .1 . The controls ar difficult .2 . The game is very difficult , even on `` easy `` 3 . Mindless deathmatching4.The pathetic weapons -LRB- the BFG became something ugly -RRB- 5 . Very lacking capture the falg games .6 . Small levels .7 . Poor music .8 . Bad attempt at combining the supernatural and technology .9 . Can not customize characters10.The final boss who can shoot you with a railgun from across the map while jumping ... If you plan on purchasing this title heed my warning , and ignore the little `` HOT BUY '' icon near the title .
 I played this game a LONG time ago -LRB- I do n't know what happened to it , and I do n't exactly care -RRB- and I hated it too the most extent . Multiplayer has some value , online is no longer available , and it 's much too hard to aim with the controller , dispite what that other guy said 4 years ago . The single-player is boring and repetitive , though the characters are plentiful , with several options of their appearance , though this hardly redeems this sad experiance . The levels are small , but the game does have a spectacular framerate , and no lag , even when I blast in every direction with the rocket launcher , and spin in circles looking at their smoketrails . Once again on the characters , they seem slightly cartoonish , and sometimes scary , but not in the OH GOD , SAVE ME !! way , but more of the demented , troubled mind sort of way -LRB- Anarchy creeped me out -RRB- . Overall , I 'm glad this game is somewhere I do n't know , and this is an absolutely horrible FPS and game experience . It has some fun -LRB- for about an hour -RRB- , the controls are bad , and clearly not meant for the standard controller , as alone right away their is n't even a fire button on the defult when using a controller . This game is a steal for free , but seeing as its not , try out Unreal Tournament which did a terrific job emulating a terrific FPS for the PC to the DC -LRB- UT2k4 is out by now though -RRB- . I have to say this again , this game was a waist of an hour , and it even lacks the core nescesities to earn a lowly two . Id give this game a 0.5 , but that is n't the rating scale . I give this pitiful shooter a one ... out of five .
 Quake for Dreamcast is a HUGE disappointment !!! The games has a useless , irrelevant single player on par with Outtrigger and since online in no longer available the game is all but virtually useless except if you have friends over.The game play is a little too fast and control on the controller -LRB- although it can be customised -RRB- is difficult . Aiming and tracking enemies becomes unbearably difficult with the controller and brings the game down more than anything else !! Nothing is more frustrating than trying to dodge and return fire through strifing , it is accomplished much easier in Outtrigger!Overall Quake Arena is a serious let down !! I have Quake 2 on my PC and enjoyed the single player missions which are in NO WAY found in Quake Arena ! I was really excited to get this game as I read all the over-hyped reviews on this site and others ... but my heart was broken by frustrating and frantic speeds coupled with annoying aiming or lack of aiming mechanism.I was first introduced to the genre through the multi-player Deathmatch of Rainbow 6
 I live in a rural area with only one ISP available and this has presented a BIG problem when attempting to play Quake III Arena online.If I lived in a city where I could get Sega.net or had other options for Internet access this game would probably be fantastic to play but the constant * Connection Interrupted * with my lowly rural ISP has left me highly frustrated with this game.Unfortunately this one is going on the `` sell '' pile . : - -LRB-
 At this very moment I am suffering from a terrible headache . I usually endure this type of pain when I am stressed out at work or when I encounter a stress enducing videogame . Yep , you guessed it , playing this game has steered me straight to my medicine cabinet . Let me begin by warning fun oriented gamers to avoid this nerve grating game at all cost . It is a hideously executed game filled with arduous task after task after task . I feel I 'm being punished each time I play this game . With Ecco , the only thing that matters is the stunningly gorgeous environments . Of course , this is inadequate . Where 's the fun of completing a long task or the reward of enduring a difficult challenge ? If you want to punish a child for a misdeed , force him to play this awful game . For those of you brave enough to withstand Ecco , I advise you to buy a hint book , otherwise DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME WITH THIS ONE .
 This game has great graphics , great underwater AI , and Ecco is just like a real dolphin , but this game is TOO puzzling . I only managed to get past the first level . I regret buying it . Do n't buy it .
 This game is for 7 + years , it says violence on the box , but there really is none . It 's basically like a board game , with one or 2 players . The graphics are okay . . and it has a couple of fun mini games on the board . The only one I hate is the one where you have to play a dinosaur and fight another player . This game pops up way too much on the screen and gets really boring after a while . Other then that you get to match dinosaur bones , retrieve things and shoot dinosaurs to get their DNA , since the lab was destroyed and the scientists need more . So I think it 's a fun game . . except that one mini game where you fight a dinosaur one on one with another player or a computer player pops up WAY too much . . and I just think that part is really stupid because none of the other games pop up that much , and the other ones are funner .
 Well , What can I say ? The graphics are the reason one star is up there . The plot is alright . But the name should be Dangerless Zone.Pros : Graphics.Storyline.Great 2-playerCons : Lack of exitement.Lousy dino replications.Storyline.Lousy 1-playerThe AI is appaling . `` looks like you are stuck in the mud . '' is one example . you ca n't herd velociraptors , so why make it a square on this virtual game board ? how can someone survive being eaten by a T-Rex ? in this you can survive falling of a cliff from 200 ' into a waterfall without a bruise .
 I bought this game from half.com and opened it thinking it would be similar to Sonic Adventure . I started to play and noticed the graphics were pretty good , but also noticed that half of the time I was looking at loadup screens and that I could n't win and beat Angel Island . I also noticed my opposing characters always got the best cards and also the best forcejewels even at the easiest setting . The mini-games were OK , but the battles and mini-events were boring and aggrevating . I gave up on it and now trying to trade it for a better Dreamcast Game . If Sonic Team made Sonic Shuffle it WOULD be the best party game in the land.Also if the loadup screens were n't as long it also would improve the game . The graphics and control were the upsides . Overall I would rate 1 out of 5 .
 Do not buy this . I am going right out and saying it . Mabye if you really want to , rent it . the mini games are fun , and are the only redeeming value , every other time you will be bored or frustrated . the graphics are neat , with the cell shading techniques . Also , the load times are not so bad , but every time you do something else besides play the board game , you undergo 2 long load times . -LRB- eg , you land on a mini game , it loads , you play it , it loads again -RRB- all in all , i expected more in a mario party spin-offp . s - i do not even own a N64 so dont think i am biased to it
 I used to think that there would never be a bigger mistake than Sonic Labyrinth . Sonic Shuffle showed me I could be wrong . If you like cel-shading , you might like the art here , but the characters look too flat compared to their surroundings . The music is not Sonicy at all but it does fit the overall mood of the game
 i played this game for a good 30 minutes before i gave up . this is -LSB- the same as -RSB- mario party , but it is much worse . i loved mario party so i was eager to give this one a shot . thhe adventure mode is so boring . it is like playing a board game for that has nothing going on except for the occasional mini game . they werent unique or interesting either . pass this one by folks .
 I read reviews before buying this game and thought it might be fun . Boy was I wrong . What sold me was the possibility of finally playing a Sonic game with more than one person at a time . There is no action in this game . It 's basically a child 's poker game . Slow and boring . I wish I could return it , but you all know the ... return policy . If you like playing cards , buy someplaying cards . If you like playing video games , do n't buy this game .
 I 'm gon na get this out of the way right now
 This is a very bad game . The loading is slow , it 's corny , and it 's a Mario Party wannabe . I think they made it trying to take some of the business of Mario Party and they did a bad job making it . In fact the only reason i got it is because it came with the Dreamcast . I am going to sell it as soon as possible . I advise you not to get this game it is a huge dissapointment .
 At first , i thought this game would be good ... My aunt and i were shopping for my b-day present , when all of a sudden i saw a sonic game . and you'all no how cool sonic is . But wait ... . this game is a copy of Mario Party 1 +2 . Now c'mon , sega 's copying nintendo now ??? This game looks good , but it really isnt . You probably think that my review is bad , but , if u buy this game you 'll see what i mean .
 Before I wanted this , I expected this to be a fun , entertaining experience . Instead , I got this
 Rent Mario Party instead -- nuf said . No , really ?!! Do n't have an N64 , well rent that as well just to play MP 1-3 , Zelda MofM and that neat ole Bond shooter . This game has horrible load times , boring games , an AI that 'd win games against the Pentagon 's computers because it cheats , and a general ` nintendo ' rip off feel . Leaves a horrible taste in your mouth for Sonic games . Thank the game gods that Sonic Advenutre 2 is out and redeems the Sonic series . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I rented this game with some of my friends mostly because I think Sonic is really cool and I thought this game would also be . I could n't believe it ! Besides this game being Mario Party with different characters it has a huge learning curve . I will explain ... Sonic Shuffle is basically a board game in which you get cards that have numbers from 1-6 & S -LRB- S is a random number from 1-7 -RRB- in which you use to defeat enemies and screw up your oponents . A gem is placed somewhere on the board and it is a race to the jewel ... as soon as you reach the jewel you have to face an enemie that defends the gem and if defeated you win the gem . The learning curve is not knowing where to go . The computer knows exactly which way to go , and even shortcuts to the gem ! I 'm not saying I am a sore loser but they could atleast make it an easier learning curve AND not have putten a N64 game onto a 128-bit system -LRB- mario party -RRB- . If you are looking for a fun party game , look else where and see what other 4-player games they have out for Sega Dreamcast . Good luck shopping/browsing .
 Wow , what a let down . Having played and enjoyed both Mario party games on the N64 , I was looking forward to seeing what the dreamcast could do with a sonic board game . While Sonic and friends have never really reached the same level of character recognition as the Mario and Luigi crowd , I was hoping the graphic muscle of the DC would at least squeeze some light hearted fun out of Sonic Shuffle . What we found when we played for many hours last night was dissappointment and frustration . First , the graphics look just plain bad in my opinion . The opening shots and menus look promising but the actual game screens made me think I had seen better on the N64 . In particular , some of the environmental effects like water looked awful , like the animations were running about 4 frames per second . Very choppy and unpleasant to stare at while you are waiting for the computer players to take their turns . You ca n't turn them off by the way , so there is no such thing as short game . Between that and the long load times , you can expect to be spending alot of time just sitting around yawning.It 's the gameplay , stupid ! Even with lousy looks , this game could have emerged from the depths if it had good , engaging gameplay . Instead , this is an example of what NOT to do in a video game . Without going into great detail , I will say the the computer players cheat , the mini-games leave you with no control over your characters , and ultimately the complete random , unexplained nature of why and when things happen will make you feel like you are completely out of control of your character 's fate . You may as well just sit back and watch what happens , because nothing you can do will really effect anything . This game is one of the worst I have seen to come from the folks at SEGA , who recently have been putting out some fantastic games - Jet Grind Radio and Skies of Arcadia would make me buy my system all over again . I 'm thinking that maybe Sonic Shuffle was made by some sub-team of developers working in some broom closet in the basement of the Sega building . They should be fired or sent back to game design school .
 This game is nothing short of using the Sonic name in vain.The game essentially revolves around a board game that the Sonic characters play across to acheive goals and fulfill assignments . On their way they are accompanied by a very annoying and unhelpful and ` cute ' fairy , and the entire game wears off really fast.Skip this one .
 I was so hyped about this game but it is a total bustFirst , the game plot is soooo dumb . Second , there are sooo many times this game loades and it takes so fricken long . Third , remember playing Mario Party and playing Mini-Games every turn . Was n't that great ? Well in Sonic Shuffle its possible to play a whole game and play no mini-games , and when you do play a mini-game its sooo complicated and its not all that fun either . Fourth , the song is annoying.All in all , although i absolutely LOVE DREAMCAST , i am a huge Sonic fan , and a huge Mario Party fan , this game is a total BUST . BUMMER !
 I have Mario Party 1 and 2 and they came out befoe this.Sonic Shuffle is a mario party wannabe.The mini games stink on ice.And its pointless , all you do is pick a card and it walks by itself.If you wan na good sonic game get sonic adventure 2 . This has bad graphics and takes a long time to play .
 When I first read about Sonic Shuffle it got mixed reviews but since I was desperate for a new experience in gaming for the Dreamcast -LRB- the best system that never made it -RRB- I bought the game . I must say that it has sweet cel shading graphics and thats it ! This game is really uninspired and tedious ! My biggest gripe -LRB- among many -RRB- is that THE MULTIPLAYER GAMES ARE BORING , UNINSPIRED AND JUST PLAIN SUCK !!!!!!!!!!! I was origionally drawn to it by the boasts of many mulitplayer games but boy was I fooled ! There are probably three -LRB- if so much -RRB- of these games that are fun , trust me the mini ames are BAD !! One game puts three players in a frying pan and the fourth player gets to turn it and toss it as if they are making pancakes , WEAK SEGA , WEAK!DO NOT BUY THIS MESS !!! IT IS NOT FUN !!! TAILS IS THE MOST ANNOYING CHARACTER EVER CREATED I HATE THE WAY HE ALWAYS HAS TO CALL SONIC FOR EVERYTHING !!! SOMEONE AT SEGA SHOULD GET A CAREER CHANGE AND GO INTO LICKING ENVELOPES AT THHE POST OFFICE , A JOB THAT REQUIRES LITTLE THOUGHT BECAUSE HE OBVIOUSLY DID NOT HAVE ENOUGH TO PUT INTO SONIC SHUFFLE TO MAKE IT ORIGIONAL OR FUN !!
 I am a fan of Sonic the Hedgehog . I have been there for better and for worse -LRB- like when they added the super-annoying Amy Rose as a character -RRB- . I have always liked Sonic as a video game character.Nonetheless , this game is awful . First of all , the premise of this game is stolen from the game Mario Party . Cloned games can be alright , considering that the developers do n't rely too heavily on the origial game for inspiration and design . Sadly , the makers of Sonic Shuffle do exactly that -- they rely completely on the design of Mario Party to patent their game after . They make no attempt to hide the fact that they are copying off of Mario Pary.And when game developers create a clone , it should be equal or better than the original , or else , they 'll have to deal with the fact that not only did they not have the creativity to make their own game , but they could not even use the success of the game that was their predecessor to create a successful game in their own right . Sonic Shuffle is a textbook example of this.The game boards are pointless and poorly conceived . The story behind the game is uninspiring , and does not catch the imagination . The minigames are stupid , and not entertaining in the least.I would avoid this game at all costs , unless you want to give someone free money for a useless piece of software . Or maybe you could use the CD as a designer coaster or something .
 This is the worst game i have played and i own many dreamcast and pc games myself . It is very confusing and difficult to learn . I was very dissipointed with this title and encourage you straongly not to buy it .
 At first glance , one would say that this game looked fun , even though the `` one person on a mission against many who want you dead '' plot has been used many times before . I bought the game , and within 15 minutes , I was disgusted . Within 12 hours , it was returned to the shop where I purchased it -LRB- a record ! -RRB- . As previously stated , the plot is a bit jaded . However , some games can take an old formula and make it work , this one did not . A rescue mission on a train is a somewhat fresh premise , but running from car to car for unclear reasons gets very old VERY FAST . The A.I. of enemy commandos is borderline idiotic , and very predictable . The graphics are horridly grainy , and the sound is at best , so-so . Voice acting is bad , and overdone . However , the intro movies and cut scenes were pretty good , so I had to give two stars . If you want a `` man on a mission '' game , check out the Syphon Filter saga , or Metal Gear Solid . For the ultimate in `` covert ops '' , check out the Rainbow Six series -LRB- PC version -RRB- . If you want bad acting , get the original Resident Evil . If you want to waste time and money or expect a great action title , only to be let down hard , buy Covert Ops ...
 The game is a one timer . Best for rental . The action is ok the first time around but gets old.It isnt much of a challenge at all . Easily beaten in 6 hours.I found that the puzzles were simple and rather stupid . You run back and forth on a train you are trying to keep from making its destination , and , you always encounter a baddy in the same exact spot you met the first one you killed . The card keys are annoying to keep seperated and the game has terrible camera angles and graphics . The storyline also reminded me of Under Siege 2 . The background music is fairly displeasing -LRB- extremely annoying -RRB- . I sat there playing the game hoping it would evolve but it -LSB- did n't -RSB- . I dont mean to be angular , but i wish i hadnt bought it . This is just my opinion , but i suggest you take the advice . RENT FIRST . -LRB- cant find it , dont bother . -RRB-
 being a huge fan of resident evil and metal gear , i picked up this title as soon as it hit the shelf . and let me tell ya was i disapointed . lets see , whats wrong with this game ... first of all the camera angle is imposible . more often than not , you find yourself being shot at from enemies off screen . secondly the controls are difficult to get use to making it impossible to fight the later bosses . The graphics are good and the cg scene are pretty sweet but why could n't they animate the characters ' mouths moving as well . and one more thing the entire story takes place on a train . thats it ! the corridors are different for different sections but its the same layout . and it get repetitive real quick . You go to car 8 and find out you need something on car 1 , back and forth . There are a few minigames that are pretty neat , but i would n't spend ... for minigames . to put it succinctly , nuclear dawn turn out to be a major nuclear disaster no where near the caliber of resident evil or metal gear .
 I bought this thinking it would be something like Resident Evil but it turned out awful . The camera angle is often akward , and it seems like your going through the same train car the entire game . DO N'T BUY !
 I bought this game with the intention of enjoying a great espionage/covert thriller . Instead , I got a game that had horrible camera angles , clunky controls and a monotonous environment-It ai n't Syphon Filter , thats for sure-Save your money-I 'm trading this in for something else !
 This game should be rated mature it has violence , coarse language , sharp and sweary lerics , and too much barbies !!!!!!!!
 This game is pretty , and perhaps the multi-player modes are excellent , but I have to give it 2 stars for the terrible 1 player mode . The controls are confusing and often over-complicated . -LRB- To pass you have to first hit `` Y '' to view your teammates , then hit another button to pass to them . This is obviously extremely difficult in a quick run-and-shoot game . Nevermind , give and goes ! -RRB- Unfortunately , the game play still does n't correspond with reality . For instance , after playing tough defense for 23 seconds and trapping the other team 's center in the corner , he merely turns and drops in the three with 1 second left . Much to my chagrin , this play was repeated 8 or 9 times in a game . I could n't see any logic -LRB- or point -RRB- in trying to force the other team to take hurried or low-percentage shots . Their shooting percentage remains the same regardless of what I do.Also , the computer-controlled aspects of my team are terrible . When I take a shot , the other 4 guys just stand around without making any attempt to rebound . The defense is sloppy -LRB- kind of like the real NBA . -RRB- I 'll be struggling to keep the ball out on the perimeter , only to have one of my teammates stop covering his man -LRB- who of course is standing wide-open under the basket . -RRB- My team 's shooting percentage is sooo bad . My players routinely miss wide-open shots , sometimes right under the basket . Sometimes they refuse to shot the ball too . I press the shoot button repeatedly , only to have them stand there for 3 or 4 seconds , and then try to shoot -LRB- and by this point the entire other team is covering them . -RRB- And what are people talking about with the commentary ? The commentary is very frequently 2 or 3 sentences behind the play . Sometimes they even say everything twice in a row , which is amazingly annoying . Also , often what they say makes no sense , like `` That 's real trouble for him this early in the game '' with 20 seconds left in the 4th ! All in all , this game is more fun to watch then to play . If you are going to buy it , make sure to go online for opponents , because playing the computer is just toooo frustrating .
 When NBA2K came out last year , it was heralded as the greatest basketball game ever . With the release of NBA2K1 , now you hear everyone saying how average the first one was and how revolutionary 2K1 is . Well , save your money . While 2K was a piece of garbage that did n't take much to make better , 2K1 is a ways off from being the king of BB games.Besides the aforementioned shot clock problem , you are plagued with the biggest thing that really sucks the fun out of the game . Idiotic teammates . How stupid , you ask ? They set picks as you 're chasing after a PG slashing to the basket . Said PG will then score a layup as either
 I finally gave in . I had to see what the hype was all about . Being a very loyal EA sports gamer , I decided to give NBA 2k1 a whirl . I mean I did as much research as I could before I bought this game , magazines , internet sites , word of mouth , etc. . . It seemed like EVERYONE was in love with this game . I figured if everyone of those `` experts '' loved it , then I could n't go wrong could I ? I own a PSX , PS2 , N64 and a Dreamcast and I 've played almost every basketball game -LRB- pro and college -RRB- on every system so it would take a lot to impress me . Before I bought this game , I considered NBA Live 2000 on the PSX the best console basketball game . So , this is where I draw most of my comparisons . -LRB- Yes , I own Live 2001 , but I still think Live 2000 is better -RRB- Graphics
 These Sega Sports games all suffer from the same problem
 It is too boring and the dunks are stupid because it make lil people be able to dunk . Jus plain horrible
 Where do I begin ? I had been anticipating the release of NBA2K1 for over six months , and when I finally received the game from Amazon and fired it up , I saw a game that paled in comparison to its predecessor . Anybody who can honestly claim that NBA2K1 is a better game than the original NBA2K is clearly more interested in playing 2 on 2 street ball rather than simulating a full NBA game . It 's true that the street ball mode is relatively entertaining as a novelty experience , but the greatness of the original NBA2K laid in its awesome fast paced gameplay . NBA2K1 is a game that has been robbed of the intensity that made the original so fun to play . Granted NBA2K had its share of bugs such as
 It is too boring and the dunks are stupid because it make lil people be able to dunk . Jus plain horrible
 Hmmm , how can I break this game down ? How about pros and cons . PROS
 This game is horrible , I bought it for my son , he ca n't play it , I ca n't play it , his cousins ca n't play it . All we got was frustration and pretty bad graphics . Avoid this game at all costs , Jurassic park Genesis is a 1000 times better
 I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT FOR MY NINE YEAR OLD , WHO IS GONG INTO THE FOURTH GRADE . WHILE SETTING UP THE PROGRAM IN OUR COMPUTER , IT FROZE UP . WE COULD NOT GET THE PROGRAM TO WORK . AFTER ABOUT THIRTY MINUTES , I CALLED TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE . WHEN YOU CALL TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE , YOU GO THROUGH SOME PROMPTS AND THEN YOU 'RE TRANSFERED TO THE NEXT AVAILABLE OPERATOR . THE PHONE WILL RING TEN TIMES , THEN YOU 'RE PUT ON HOLD FOR ABOUT THIRTY SECONDS BEFORE YOU 'RE DISCONNECTED . I THOUGHT MAYBE I HAD A BAD CONNECTION OR SOMETHING , SO I TRIED THREE MORE TIMES - SAME THING HAPPENED EACH TIME ! I CALLED CUSTOMER SERVICE AND THEY TRANSFERED ME TO THE SAME NUMBER , WHERE IT ALL HAPPENED AGAIN !! I GUESS I 'M STUCK BECAUSE ONCE YOU BREAK THE SEAL ON SOFTWARE YOU CA N'T RETURN IT . I FOUND THE EXPERIENCE VERY UPSETTING AND MY LITTLE GIRL IS NOT HAPPY TO HAVE RECEIVED A GIFT THAT DID N'T WORK !!
 Just simply having a `` 3D video card '' is not enough . It has to be an AGP card -LRB- not a PCI , which means your motherboard better have an AGP slot -RRB- and the video card has to support AGP Texture Acceleration . Not all 8MB or larger AGP video cards do this . You may find yourself forking out -LSB- money -RSB- to an -LSB- store -RSB- -LRB- cheapest option -RRB- just to get a video card that will let you play the game . True , this will enable you to play other games that you normally would not have been able to play , but if your plan was just to buy your girl another Barbie game , you may be overstepping your hardware limits with this one .
 My 8 yr old daughter bought this game 'cause she 's a fan of Barbie . She ordered it and I did n't even pay much attention . Usually she handles all her new games herself , because she 's very smart . Yet this time she had problems and wanted me to help . I took a look at the game and found it totally Horrid ! The figures and graphics are as stupid as I 've never seen and the game has no intelligence at all , and there 's no help button nearby and you have to cancel out the game to read the only help
 We have both pet rescue and this , and I will not buy another Barbie software again . This was confusing that my boy genius 71/2 year old is having trouble with it . I am finding more and more Barbie items a rip off .
 The game starts out challengingly enough , where you learn the basic moves for Barbie . Then the game starts and it 's a snooze . Tokyo in particular was frustrating -- imagine a city with no one living in it -LRB- post apocolyptic ? -RRB- and no instructions for how to get around . You find yourself running down abandoned alleyways forever while an annoying Barbie voice says , `` Look , there 's a light on the second floor . '' Take it from me , there is no light on any second floor . In addition , any time Barbie has to do any running and jumping she must change into a winning little outfit to do so , which seems ludicrous but then again , it is a Barbie World .
 My granddaughter is almost eight years old and was thrilled when I got her this new game.She played it and after lots of frustration finally started to figure it out BUT my computer started acting up and the game had to be restarted twice.She got an error screen twice , that said something was missing , and it simply stopped.I was told it was Win XP compatable , when I bought it but NOT.what a waiste of money .
 This game is SHOCKINGLY bad . Where do I begin ? The graphics look like my CGA monitor circa-1988 , Barbie 's movement is herky-jerky , and half the time it crashes my PC . I do n't know how you could more surely waste your money . Do n't buy this abomination .
 My daughter received this game for Christmas . It worked fine for about a week ... in fact we actually completed the game . Then the game started messing up when we tried to play it again . I kept getting a `` runtime error '' everytime we tried to play the game . We uninstalled the game and tried to reinstall and could n't get it to even install the second time . Other people I know have had the same problem . Too bad , because it was a fun game when it worked . If you do n't have XP I would recommend it .
 I found that the cursor which controls Secret Agent Barbie 's movements will NOT work if you also have the Barbie Magic Genie Bottle software with the Genie Bottle connected . The `` solution '' -LRB- which works -RRB- provided by tech support requires that you turn off the computer and disconnect the Genie Bottle before turning the computer on and starting Secret Agent Barbie . Obviously , to play Barbie Magic Genie Bottle , you need to turn off the computer and reconnect the Bottle . This is really unacceptable , particularly when this `` conflict '' arises from the Barbie software/hardware itself , rather than from some third-party product .
 This game is as stupid as can be ! I 'm going to try to return it or at least change for a different game . It 's unbelievably stupid .
 Martian Gothic is a cheap `` Resident Evil '' clone set on a space station , and boy does it live up to the motto `` you get what you pay for '' ... There is so much wrong with this game , it 's hard to know where to start . I 'm not talking about bad graphics or script , becasue those are actually quite good . I 'm talking about sheer unplayability . Did anyone actually test this prior to release ? First off , the game features 3D character movement on top of static scenery and fixed camera angles , which looks ok , but on several occasions , the angle you see actually masks significant information like a branching corridor , a cupboard or shelf , or even a door ... which all but halts gameplay as you find yourself totally unaware of what to do next . Secondly , the puzzles are downright evil . There 's no way you would be able to work out unaided what you are expected to do in some circumstances , and the sheer amount of items the player finds in the space station or has to carry around is very wide ranging - people who have played it will surely recall the most confusing ones as the `` babybug '' , the map featuring ants on a rock in the MOOD chamber , the stone heart , the syringes , the two screwdrivers ... they all added up to one massive headache for me . Solving puzzles like these is not fun as far as I 'm concerned , there are absolutely no pointers as to what you should do . Plus some items are actually functionless throughout the whole game , which in the case of keys -LRB- I finished the game with unused keys still in my inventory -RRB- is downright misleading.Most worrying of all , there were several moments in the game where it simply did not work properly . Whether down to bugs or a faulty disc , I do n't know , but I remember times when the screen would go blank between camera angle changes and ... stay blank . The game would freeze and only a re-boot would restore my poor PSX . Furthermore , on some occasions , monsters would appear from nowhere , or not even register point blank hits -LRB- I 'm talking when they were SUPPOSED to , ok ! -RRB- . I have even read that the port over to the PSX from the PC version of the game missed out certain graphic effects that would otherwise have prompted the player to understand certain important points in the game - for example an invincible monster that had to be made vunerable before it could be killed was made in two different colours -LRB- before and after -RRB- in the PC version so that you could tell the difference - a luxury denied the humble PSX owner !! The bottom line is that these problems combined make the game darn near impossible to complete without endless patience , psychic powers or a very good walkthrough . Shame really , because somewhere in here is a good idea trying to get out . There are three playable characters in this adventure , and the gimmick is that they are all infected with some space disease that means instant death should they ever actually meet each other . So , much gameplay revolves around solving puzzles that can not be done by just one pair of hands ... how to get three people through this death trap filled with zombies and mutant monsters , all co-operating , yet without ever being in the same room , is actually a great idea for a game . The graphics and soundtrack are fine ... and the voices are very well done . I do n't have a problem with the concept of Martian Gothic . But it has too many problems with it that ruin all the other good points . If anyone ever re-released it with all the bugs removed it would be great fun to play and a worthy purchase . As it stands , it 's a total failure .
 awkward controls , lame plot , and horrible storyline ...
 This game was absolutely ridiculous . The graphics were horrible , sound was even more horrible .
 This game would be bad as a first generation playstation game but is very bad as a new game ! The graphics are like the first Twisted Metal and control is very bad . Your cars all handle differently from each other but have no precise handling like you expect in the year 2000 . Sounds are sub-par , your giant vehicle sounds like a little windup car and it makes a little sqeak when you should be burning a huge patch of rubber ! I had not played for very long when I began asking myself `` Is this 1994 and why am I playing this game ? '' There are so many other games of this genre that are so much more fun , with great controls and graphics that this is a total waste of your hard earned tenspot ! The only good thing was that my local store allowed me to trade it towards twisted metal 4 !
 I just got this today . It says you get nine games , but I only got five . And one of the Four Winds game keeps give me a Addon2vb.dll error , whatever that is.That leaves only four out of the nine that is supposed to be on the cd . The four games that work are fun . I enjoy them . The only negative I have about the games the four games that work is that graphics are not that sharp .
 For $ 10.00 this game is alright . I was n't expecting a lot for ten dollars . What I got was a standard chess game with lots of different boards , and some varying levels of difficulty . There is n't a heck of a lot more . Serious chess enthusiasts will not gain a lot here - no real analytical tools , nothing that will outright help you think about strategy . Beginners wo n't get a lot of help either . There are very easy levels , but not a lot of support for a novice.The graphics are pretty good , and if you like to just play a game of chess against a computer , buy it . Do n't expect anything out of the ordinary . If you are just killing time with a game of chess and do n't care too much about graphics , better to play for free online .
 Bought this game as a gift for my son . This game is unstable , appears to be an old `` DOS '' game . Interface is horrible - you really ca n't move the pieces in a visible manor . I would return it if it were n't such a hassle . My recommendation
 I found out the hard way that this does n't work on the HP jornada
 the controller arrived quickly , but when my son first tried to use it -LRB- on Christmas Day -RRB- the left trigger button on the back of the controller was non-functional . We tried to reset the controller , but nothing appears to work . NOW , we ca n't figure out how to contact Amazon to see about returning it -- and it looks like we ca n't return it anyway , because in order to use it you have to take it out of the packaging ... and the rules say that items can not be returned unless they 're unopened ... so we spent $ 40 for a piece of junk !!
 I bought two of these XBox controllers and either one of them worked two days after the kids started using them.Would not buy one again because I have no idea where to return them .
 Not worth the money you spend , software is slow to respond , teams are not mirrored in real life teams , player moves are awkward . Please invest your money wisely in better versions such as Electronic Arts FIFA2000 .
 The game slot doesnt open or close right , the system will not play DVDs and it overheats !
 This game could have been a good game 18 months ago , but now its flat . With the release of great games like Midnight Club 3 , Forza Motorsport , Gran Tourismo 4 , and Need For Speed Underground 2 , this game doesnt hold water . The biggest problem is paying for the races . Some are free but as you progress the free races get harder to find . And if you have to pay for the race funds start to get low because you also have to pay for damages . I have no problem needing to repair your car and having to pay for it , but this game has more focus on budgeting money instead of developing a car and racing it . You put a team together and can get drivers to drive for you . Personally I want to drive much less have someone drive for me . I have no problem getting a `` posse '' together , but I WAN NA DRIVE . The graphics are decent but not quite as good as Midnight Club 3 or Forza . There are just to many other racing games out there that offer just that little bit more to make a good game . Pass this game up for one of the other I have mentioned .
 If BubbaL is right and the cars go over 500mph , this is the dumbest game ever . Concider there has never been a production car that could go over 300 much and only a couple to ever handle 200mph to have `` street cars '' go that fast is a joke .
 Destroyer Command is incredibly buggy , obviously unfinished and the units completely lack any form of intelligence . What you are felt with is something which barely qualifies as a beta version . Ships will ram friendly vessels at will , enemy submarines are incapable of taking offensive * or * defensive action , being perfectly content to sail blissfully along at periscope depth waiting to be destroyed , and enemy ships often ignore the player entirely.Don ' t waste your money on this rubbish .
 Dreary . Overly complex . Poorly thought out . Poor , hard to read manual . The first training task asked you to go to the bottom of the page and observe the action buttons there . The action buttons were not there and only seemed to appear randomly . Graphics were poor quality . Counter-intuitive menus leading god knows where . Game software should be written to be run without a manual . This one needs a manual and a magnifying glass to read the small print . Once you go through all that trouble you will still not understand what they are talking about . Save your money this is junk .
 I have been waiting for a good World War II naval surface game , but with all the bugs I have experienced , I guess I still have to wait.On a side note , reporting bugs to the publisher is not an easy task ...
 Dreary . Overly complex . Poorly thought out . Poor , hard to read manual . The first training task asked you to go to the bottom of the page and observe the action buttons there . The action buttons were not there and only seemed to appear randomly . Graphics were poor quality . Counter-intuitive menus leading god knows where . Game software should be written to be run without a manual . This one needs a manual and a magnifying gass to read the small print . Once you go through all that trouble you will still not understand what they are talking about . Save your money this is junk .
 This game is as buggy as SH2 . Ubi soft has not even released the patch for SH2 . The AI in Destroyer Command and Silent Hunter 2 is so unrealistic it takes away from game play . Someone at Ubi soft should learn the proper way to write code for PC games . Save your money and buy from a company that has a track record and not a lot of hype and false promises .
 I 'm sorry but I 'm going to pass on Destroyer Command based upon the over-hyped and horribly buggy Silent Hunter 2 -LRB- both are designed by Ultimation -RRB- . Not only was SH2 buggy and over-hyped it had only something like 5 scenarios -LRB- and three or four tutorial scenarios -RRB- and a single linear -LRB- predictable -RRB- campaign.Pro 's and cons of SH2PRO
 I can not begin to express how poor this product is . Save your money and tell all your friends not to buy Destroyer Command.You will be mortified by the disgusting program that you find in the jewel case.One of the poorest products to come out this year . I feel Gamespot 's gracious 2.5 out of 10 rating is a gift.Destroyer Command is garbage !
 This is by far the worst basketball game I have ever played . I bought it in a bundle on eBay and having not played a basketball game for some years I thought I 'd try it out for $ 4.95 free shipping.Worst game ever . I could n't even shoot . I snapped the game in half . Cut my hand open 13 stitches.POS .
 this game is absolutely disgusting . DO not buy this game unless you love wasting your hard earned money . DO NOT BUY AT ALL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Maybe this game is hit or miss , but I ca n't stand it . I 'm not a fan of the new controls , as I find it awkward to use both sticks at the same time . Also the slower frame rate , like in Madden , makes it look choppy , though not as much as it affected Madden . As some others have mentioned , it 's impossible to hit anyone in the game and I find it so annoying that you either use the classic controls , which do n't feel complete , or the new controls which are horrible.The AI in this game is much better , but honestly , it even on Rookie I find myself taking 100 shots and still in close games , where the computer scores on 1/8 shots , which is ridiculous . You really have to use all of the controls , including the dekes and I ca n't stand it . I ca n't play the game enough to get used to a new system and wanted something more arcade-like , like NHL used to be . For those who want a sim , this might be great , but otherwise it , to be frank , sucks.I am never going to buy anything in the NHL series again . This game is too much of a sim and , with fewer controls , even more annoying then those games that use every button . The only thing that would have been worse would have been using that useless Sixaxis feature .
 Overall this game would be great , but EA has had some programming problems in this particular version of the game ... Pros
 This game is the pretty much the same since ' 06 . I wish these sports games would stop creating optional games like `` The Crown '' and focus more on off-season and in-season stuff . The player trading is just as dumb as '06 -LRB- the pc wo n't trade draft picks -RRB- . And why in the world wo n't NBA Live and Madden create conditional and future draft pick trading ??? The rookies are better in ' 08 , especially the second rounders that were n't even worth drafting in the previous versions . My recommendation
 this game to me is like live from last year ... it sucks ... . i played this using cfw but played only 1 quarter before i quit playing . i dont know why the other guy gave a 5 star review , because this game is horrific . . its exactly like live from last year , which i regrettable bought and played for about 10 games before i bought nba 07 from sony . that game played much better than live and i assume the same can be said about this years version . the graphics are choppy , the controls stink , and i took luol deng to the basket and instead of laying it up , he did a hook shot underneath ... pathetic game . . stay away from EA ... theyre going to go defunct as soon as they lose their madden license ... caveat emptor
 dont buy this game unless you just got a 1500 dollor gaming computer if not you wont be able to play because it needs way to many things to run like my computer wont run because it doesnt have a shader 3 i mean come on a shader 3 what is that any way so dont buy it
 my customer buys this product and he say 's this product does n't work , i have mailed it back yesterday can you check the problem please because , it is not working . and i have ordered the same product . because my customers are important for me . so i have returned it , can i get my money back . so i can pay up .
 I was unable to play this game because it requires a game computer with a processor of 3.0 MGH and a special video card .
 This game is a GTA clone in the end . Mercs will always be GTA like . I like the ability to hijack vehicles . I think this franchise is headed in the right direction in these ways . That said , this game is repetitive and a little boring . It is fun to nuke stuff , but that does n't make a great game . This game is buggy out the wazzoo and the interface is lacking both in-game and out . It feels like a beta , but it is for sure far from a quality where todays games should be.This game is a bad port from the PS3 and 360 versions . I wish that companies would at least try to develop their games better . NEVER pay more than $ 28 for this game . It 's only really worth $ 20 max , and I mean $ 20 should have been the release price.Shame on the developer .
 horrible graphics , lousy controls , you can find a better game online that is free!don ' t waste your money !
 This game is incredibly buggy and broken . The game stutters , crashes , and bsod 's more than frequently , assuming you can get the game to start . My copy of the game I got from gamestop couldnt even start , due to a ram error that states I have under 610mb of RAM . I actually have 2gb , and I have windows xp . Its up to you , but I dont think 50 bucks is worth a shiny coaster and a nice little box . Dont buy this game!Not to mention this game also ILLEGALLY installs SecuRom on your pc , without your consent , or even knowledge . SecuRom will slow down your pc , and run all processes through itself . It can be blocked with Kaspersky , or other advanced security clients , but the only true way to remove it is to wipe your hard drive .50 bucks for a broken , malware infected coaster . Not worth it !
 I spent 2 hours installing this on mine and my wife 's computer to play some co-op action -LRB- I bought two copies from a Download distributor -RRB- . So after I got it installed I discovered I could n't connect to the EA servers ... After some research I found out that EA took the servers down for this game in March , rendering it impossible as of now to play a game in co-op . There is no LAN option either.So out of my anger/disappointment I am writing this review , I usually do n't but the world must know , the world must know before we get The World In Flames ... That it is broken .
 Unless you have one of the top of the line video cards on your computer , do n't bother buying this game .
 This game is pure garbage . Glad I only paid a dollar and change plus a couple dollars shipping . I still want my money back , including shipping , Amazon . The game might not be defective , but the designers sure were!Got this game based on one reviewer who gave a VERY extensive review . Should have listened to the other reviewers . He claimed the graphics were phenomenal . Not the case . I have a GTX 280 and the graphics on this game are sub-par to say the least . It looks like it was designed for Windows 98 . In fact , the game plays like a Windows 95 game . The interface in the game menu is messy as hell . It looks like a noob photoshop student created it . Same goes for the in game graphics . Not even the cut scenes look good . Same company that did the GTA IV episodes ? Unbelievable ! The environment is NOT completely destructible . For one thing , you can shoot someone point blanks 6 times and they do n't even react let alone fall down and die . Characters are part of the environment , are n't they ? Many bushes , buildings and trees do not receive any damage . This is a 3rd-person shooter , not a FPS , by the way . Ammo is so darn easy to find it 's ridiculous . You ca n't drive and shoot either . Ever character just stands still waiting for you . There are no difficulty settings for this game .
 Had an issue with multilayer not working , and the game became repedative half way beating it
 Despite its super-dumb AI , unpolished gameplay , and many glitches , this game is a whole lot of fun to play . It 's addictive , especially in online co-op mode . A simple patch would do this game so much good . In many ways this game rivals GTA : IV , its just less polished.I have n't had any DRM or SecuRom issues yet . I could n't find any information on Pandemic Studios or EA 's websites about whether there is an install limit and if SecuRom is included on this game . It does say that you must register the game online before you can play it , which seems to be true.I meant to give it 3 stars , not 1 . Ca n't seem to change it.NOTE
 After waiting patiently for the release of this new edition of a game I truly used to cherish and tell all of my friends about , this is the worst -LRB- ... -RRB- letdown I have experienced since my mother died . And all I have to ask is `` Why in the heck would Sid have done this to us ? '' Good people , if you want to waste you time tinkering with an aggravating headache , fork out -LRB- money -RRB- on Civilization 3 . Otherwise , I 'd strongly advise keeping your investments in your 401 accounts . With sincerity and disappointment ; Jessica Williams
 FU Firaxis ! ... And have a shameful , broke Christmas ! Your public sentiments exactly ?!?! Would have been better off buying a Yoko Ono record !
 I am amazed , completely stunned , by the scope of the failure of this product . I expected SO much more from Firaxis ... Civilization has long been my favorite game , and the latest incarnation is clearly subpar , for all but complete newbies to the franchize.Let me see if I can count the most important ways this version sucks ... - Fixed resolution of graphics -LRB- my god , what 's up with this ? -RRB- - Gameplay logic that defies common sense -LRB- archers defeating tanks ?!? -RRB- - Complete lack of a micro-econ simulation - The sim is likely to end LONG before any modern day epoch is realized - There are no real changes from the original , just token improvements to the current tech tree - There are no advancements beyond the modern epoch - Scope and complexity of management sim takes DAYS/WEEKS of continuous gameplay to resolve ; who has whole WEEKS to play a single game expect some out-of-school teenager?I could go on ... but its just not worth it ... my advice is that everyone go back to the game `` Colonization '' -LRB- circa 1993 -RRB- which is far superior in just about every way to this Civ3 junk ... Sid ... hang your head in shame
 -LRB- ... -RRB- Firaxis ! ... I hope you have a shameful , broke Christmas !!! Your public sentiments exactly ?!?! I would have been better off buying a Yoko Ono record ! May your offices be your -LRB- ... -RRB-
 The recent trend seems to be that almost every developer feels his product can walk on water and regardless of bugs or gameplay issues ... releases it . This product is no exception ... in fact it helps cement the trend into almost a rule . Perhaps next year this game , after being patched and repatched , will live up to 1 % of the hype . Civilazation 3 from `` The Great Sid Meier '' , bah ... perhaps when he was innovative and spent time on his products ! This game is nothing but a testament to his ego and disdain for his customers . Avoid this product like the plague ... if you want a good CIV play experience pickup CIV II on discount ... you 'll wish you paid more for it , because it is what this game should have been .
 If you want to play with a cheating stupid computer , Civ3 is your best choiceI have played Civ 3 for about a damn week and found it fligging interesting
 I feel so disapointed about Sid 's civ3The computer keeps on cheating.Each round take a heck lot of time to complete.Corruption is enormous . A bug ???? Combat is so dump ! a strategic game ???? I feel so -LRB- ... -RRB- since I `` was '' a civ fan for 10 yearsSid , Give me a reason to buy civ4
 FU Firaxis ! ... And have a shameful , broke Christmas ! Your public sentiments exactly ?!?! Would have been better off buying a Yoko Ono record !
 If you want to play with a cheating stupid computer , Civ3 is your best choiceI have played Civ 3 for about a damn week and found it fligging interesting
 What a waste of money . The only thing in this that is better than civII is the borders , and the updated look . I 'm still on the easy level and cant see how the other levels are playable when in the easy level you cant even get to end of the science tree before the game is over . Unless you build more than 50 cities . With that number of cities each turn will take roughly 20 + minutes , much longer if your at war . The whole game is not playable without the govener function on . You will forget what you wanted to do on that turn because you will be getting your cities out of civl disorder ... The trade function is pointless , because no one will trade fairly . For example I was asked for three luxurys , two civ advances , and 130 gold per turn in excange for one luxury from them ! You would be better off taking their city -LRB- s -RRB- ... Resorces are crazy . Even with 50 cities you will find yourself searching the globe to get what you need to build units . Yet some of the AI players seem to always get them in their borders . Do n't bother to build a colony , the AI players will just take it over by building a city next to it , and your S.O.L. . When I read about CIVIII a year ago , I thought this was to be less about war and more about deplomacy and trade , but neither works well in this game . So you have to battle it out which does n't even work well -LRB- read the other reviews -RRB- . It 's not much different than CIV II , except that this one is a disapointing update . Hopefully next time if they ca n't do it better , they wo n't do it at all .
 I could n't wait to get my copy of CIV III . To listen to the hype I was sure this was gonig to be a great game . I loved CIV II and surely this was going to be even better.What a disappointment . The ONLY thing neat about the game is the diplomacy and even that drives me nuts sometimes . We 're back to individual units in combat so there 's no real benefit in having a large force . Do n't even think about being peaceful in the begining of the game . The only way I do well is to attack attack attack . The combat system does n't seem balance either . -LRB- see all the other negative reviews for why , my comments would just be a repeat of theirs . -RRB- I wish I could get my money back . Definately a game that will collect dust soon as I -LRB- strangely enough -RRB- go back to playing CIV II . They may have fooled us into thinking this was going to be a great upgrade/next version but I hope when CIV IV comes out , we have learned our lesson from CIV III and just walk away . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I played this game when it first came out abd I was expecting something fun and exciting . Instead , what I got was a walk and shoot , walk and shoot type of game . That 's all you do in this game . You walk , crouch , shoot , wait for animated cutscenes and that 's it . There 's no creativity to this game . No challange . No nothing . This game is boring with a capital B. Ypu 'll tire of this quickly and demanding your moeny back . If you do like this series though , you should get it as a rental or as a used game.The graphics are n't even that good . This game was made like the developers were drunk or in a hurry . Plus , they decided that it 's a good way to make money but word of advice
 I got this game the day it came out , hoping it would live up to all the media hype , I was mistaken big timeDead to rights
 This game its fun once you get the hang of it . but to me its really really hard and itd repititive . every level -LRB- although im only on the second -RRB- you shoot like ten guys , kick a door open go on to the next level shoot ten guys . the graphics are pretty good the music is ok , but the two things i absolutly hate about it is that itts so hard and the controls stink . And hey ive had this game one hour and im already wrighting a review about how bbad it is . in my opinion dont waste your money on this game . much rather rent it .
 THis game is alot of fun . I know what people have said . The graphics are terrible , the control stinks ... blah blah blah . THis game is a lot of fun . Bullet time fast gunning action ca n't be beat . Unless you have some assemblance of a soul . YOu can not honestly play this and feel like everything is ok . THough I had fun , I felt guilty the entire time I played it . Every single level requires you to bust down a door and begin completely obliterating about 12 people . This ca n't be good for the soul can it ? SO , though it may be tempting . Avoid this one . I can not recommend a game that glorifies so much blood and gore.Bottom Line
 The PSP version of Dead to Rights is a fun shoot - 'em - up game that features `` bullet time ''
 This game is more like the arcade shooting game . The controls are set up extremely poorly . Even worse , it is just not very entertaining
 This is one of those games that were created in a hurry to make money while the sun shines ... The controls ARE HORRIBLE and ur hands will hurt after awhile ... luckily i rented this from blockbuster . Game play is dead boring as well ... 2 thumbs down ... way down `` Obert and Raper ''
 wow im shocked on how short it was it took one hour to finish it on normal and the controls are sloppy i was getting pi ** ed off of this game but the graphics are good but it is kind of fun when you get the hang of it ! im going to all the good things about it :1 . graphics are good ! 2 . sound is o.k. ! now im going to say the worst things about this1.controls are sloppy/crap ! 2 . too short no mini games ! 3 . gameplay sucks but kind of good sometimes when you just wan na play a shooter ! 4 . price on it for a short game like this ! there going to be bankrupt ! 5 . music sucks ! but the sound off guns going off is good!pretty much this game sucks no need to get it but dead to rights fans maybe like this if they have a psp!graphics 4/10 its good for a game like this!sound 5/10 sound of guns going off is way better but music sucksgameplay 4/10 kind of fun sometimes when you just wan na play a shooter!controls 1/10 sucks soo sloppy!overall = 3.2 i think this is the lowest game i had evered reviewed !
 This game is just bad . The storyline is short and the ending just wanted to make me puke . Whenever I buy a new game I always research and read the customer reviews which has helped me not waste my money , well I did waste it on this one . If you really want to play it rent it for the weekend , you will beat the game in about 3 hours .
 Bought it used for $ 7.99 at a local game shop.Hard to control , not very entertaining , and just kinda boring overall.It was a waste of $ $ at $ 7.99-even used .
 This screen protector was too thick and the DS would do nothingwith this on . Took it off and everything worked fine again .
 I 'm sure this game is fairly good . That said , I need to issue a notice and warning to all potential future buyers of this product.It is not by fault of any seller really . It seems to be with the game publisher and manufacturer . Ubisoft is not known for customer support as they do n't really believe in it . Quality control for most if not all of their products seem non-existant . Do a thorough internet search and you 'll get a feel that about 25-35 % of people can not install this game due to faulty manufacturig processes . So be warned .
 For a game released in 2006 this is far beyond bad . This is beyond abysmal . Also since I only checked this game out because of amazon 's 5 star rating , -LRB- only reviewed by a kid , who has apparently identically reviewed the game twice with 5 stars each -RRB- I thought people should be warned away.DO NOT PLAY THIS GAMEThe game is essentially a third-person shooter-platformer version of bomberman . Really the best way to describe the game would be that they combined the worst parts of every game genre and did n't bother to remove the bugs.Ruff is an extreme gun toting wolf that has to save adorable little dog like pigs called `` piglots . '' When you find one they need to be brought to a teleporter . You can carry them , but they will also automatically follow you . In rare cases you are in a locked area and need to rescue a few to open a door , but other than that rescuing them is purely optional.Ruff also gets the ability to transform into a werewolf like creature . In that form he can run faster , jump higher , and is stronger , but has no guns . Since this game is first a shooter you do n't need a brawler . In fact if you try to use the werewolf form you will almost immediately die.After the shooting much of the game is moving around with platformer style jumping puzzles . Since it is a 3rd-person shooting/platforming bomberman game you may be wondering where the bombing comes in . In addition to the normal piglots are exploding ones . They have a spawn point and need to be carried to some lightly blocked areas to clear it out . Way too much of the game is running back and forth trying to bomb areas . It is pure busy work.One of the major reasons this game was so bad was the broken camera . It often would get stuck pointing towards my front while something is attacking me from off-screen . Other times it flat out refused to be rotated behind me.Also the horrible , unnecessary , and low quality cut-scenes . Cut-scenes are rarely used well in games , but this is a new low . The story cut scenes waste your time , but you can skip them . The in-game cut scenes are much worse and can not be skipped.Finally and most curiously is theLego Star Wars
 this game is really boring . I had more fun reciting the Declaration of Indapendance . DO N'T GET THIS GAME !
 This game continues with the great graphics that Red Storm has been consitant with , HOWEVER , I managed to finish this game in about 2 hours . The only challenge was the many `` beat the clock '' type scenarios.BUT , if you never played any of the Rainbow Six collection , this is a must to get you started.Get it and start wacking TANGO 's left and right !
 Unlike Rogue Spear and Urban Operations , which were developed by the very talented people at Red Storm Entertainment , Black Thorn was developed by a team of UbiSoft employees in their Montreal office who were trained by people from RSE , but who obviously lack their talent . The level design , modelling , and particularly the texturing were second-rate and amateurish , and does n't compare to the quality of RSE 's work on the previous installments in the Rainbow Six/Rogue Spear series.If you are a fan of Red Storm Entertainment 's work then it might be worth buying for the bonus CD -LRB- American version only -RRB- that contains a feature on the making of Ghost Recon , but do n't expect Black Thorn to be on par with Red Storm Entertainment 's previous work in Rogue Spear or Urban Operations , or even Covert Operations for that matter . If it were n't for the bonus CD about Ghost Recon , I would have returned it and asked for my money back , it 's that bad.Contrary to the rave reviews that UbiSoft employees have been posting around the net posing as fans and customers , Black Thorn is by far the worst in the series - hardly `` the best '' as they have been claiming .
 I own every rainbow six game . I am so so so disappointed , the textures in the game were old . Details were left out big time , I expected this to be the best on account of it being the newest , and probobly the last add on to rogue spear . And I know my guns big time , red storm paid no attention to making the guns real like . Basicly this was a last attempt to make more money , but it was worth it because it expanded th multiplayer possiblilities . I say if you like playing it online , go for it . But if you want something more than just covert ops , dont get it . I dont want to knock red storm down completely , but i play operation flashpoint . If you 've played it , you would know what im talking about .
 First let me start off saying that this expansion pack was probably a last-ditch effort for R6 before Ghost Recon came out -LRB- which is an excellent game i might add -RRB- . I bought Black Thorn for -LSB- price -RSB- , and it only comes with 9 missions , and a couple new guns . Its VERY boring ! I wish i 'd never bought it . The graphics are pretty ok , the sound is good -LRB- creative EAX -RRB- , game play is fine , but it just doesnt live up to the other R6 's . I 'd get Ghost Recon insted .
 Maybe it 's just the game is too old for my computer , but it does n't work . Loaded upside down , and in black and white . Lousy graphics from what I could tell , even if it were in color . Microsoft Combat Simulator WWII Europe Series works just fine on this computer even though it 's an old game like IL 2 .
 no good on xp and nivida video card no help on there web site im not planing to change my computer for it they can say what they want about microsoft but there products always work for me
 I 've tried this game a number of times , but the most exciting thing I 've done so far is crash . I diligently follow all the headings and altitudes but never seem to be able to find the enemy . So I just fly , and fly and fly , look at the clouds , get tired of it and quit the game . What game ? I am looking forward to Combat Flight Simulator 3 .
 no good on xp and nivida there web site says there products may or may not work on xp stay away from ubisoft
 OK , I loaded this thign up again . After seeing all the hero worship about this game , I thought I may have missed something in my first attempt at it , so here we go again.Visuals
 I have a Pentium III 700 mhz and XP operating system with an ATI rage 3D card . . I ca n't get this sim to run at all ... CFS II and Strike Fighters run great on my computer . Microsoft makes the best flight sims .
 if you thought rowans battle of britain was a stinker wait till you play this one . it 's a cross between janes and rowan , the worst of both . the only thing it has going for it is that it takes place on the eastern front.the multiplayer level is a joke , i was able to play only once due to my computer freezing up and trust me i 'm running a great system . if you ask me microsoft cfs2 and cfs1 are still the best out there . but , overall it kept my interest for about a day.completly boring .
 I agree with those who like the graphics of this game . I also like the idea of flying Soviet WWII aircraft . I looked forwarded receiving this game , boy was I disapointed with the way it ran . Very slow going from one menu to another . Freezing a lot of the time . I spent more time unfreezing , or trying to , than playing the game . I got tired of fighting it when it shut down for no reason . When it ran right , I did have fun with it . For the price it should run smoother . If this the best this company can do , I would n't buy stock in it .
 What a waste of time and money . I should have checked to see if this was compatible with Windows 7 . Ubisoft offers no support or patches to help with this issue .
 I 've logged over 70 hours on MS Flight Simulator X -LRB- including beating the course record on the challenging Red Bull time coure -RRB- , so that is my standard for flight model realism . By that standard , IL-2 is garbage . If planes actually flew that poorly in WW II , half of the pilots would have crashed within minutes of take off because they could n't get the aircraft to generate enough lift or speed . Unless I trick the P-39 sim model by doing stupid little 20 foot drives to build up speed , it flies flat at 170 for minutes , even at max throttle.Once the pilot gets the plane above 200 it handle all right , but most of those lucky WWII pilots who made it off the ground would have died after their first moderately aggressive bank , because the planes stall precipitous without warning into full-on , unrecoverable flat spins . In FSX , the immediate signs of a stall are sharp yawing and pitching . You have to react very quickly , but if you break conditions precipitating the stall , you can recover.I recommend trying the FSX and IL-2 demos before you consider wasting money on this one .
 Just a word to the wise , the initial release is very unstable . The forums are currently clogged with gamers having difficulties with everything from the installation through game play . It has been three days since I purchased the product , and have yet to play one game due to game crashes . So far UbiSoft and RSE technical support have yet to significantly address the issues.It looks like a great game and I ca n't wait to play ... but at this point I might wait to see if the manufacturers will address the reliability problems.Just thought you shold know .
 first of all I hated this game . I got this game and was so eager to play , being an FPS fan.GRAPHICS
 ... This game is absolutely horrible . The playabilty is poor and the graphics are barely mediocre . Do n't waste your money ...
 This game is not as good as Rouge Spear Urban Ops . For starters you ca n't pick between a list of real guns , grenades are ackward , The whole multiplayer chat and interaction between games is basically nonexistant , and the crosshair is an enourmous yellow thing . This game is more like Half-Life or Quake .
 As an average gamer , I want to have fun , be entertained , and feel like I 'm making some progress . If you 're like me , do n't buy this game . I think all of the positive reviews are from people who value realism over fun . First , it 's tedious and boring . You have to skulk around and save all the time because at any minute , a shot could ring out and you 're dead . The field is really big and it takes a long time to cover it and kill the bad guys . While this is brutally realistic , for me , it 's boring . I bought this to have fun . Second , it does n't look good . Again , it 's painfully realistic . It 's in olive drab and brown . Last , the interface to control your team is a pain in the _ ss . I only played this for about an hour and sold it to a friend . Bottom line , if you like to skulk around a huge drab field for hours , buy it . If you like more action , an easier game , and less realism , do n't touch this one .
 I 'm not trying to start an OFP-GR flame war or anything , but I really am totally unimpressed with GR . The AI is awful -LRB- you either run into Supermen with lightning-quick reflexes or parapalegic blind gunmen -RRB- . Friendly AI thinks that standing up in firefights is a good idea . The missions take place in extremly close-quartered areas -LRB- you are almost always trapped in a canyon-like environment with very high walls on everyside , and even then you 'll get mini-canyons to move in -RRB- . Your tactical skills are not put to good use , just your reflexes . The missions are uninspired , though professionally written and voice acted.The only things that Ghost Recon has that Operation Flashpoint does n't is good soldier models and textures -LRB- OFP is notorious for mini-kevlar helmets -RRB- , realistic combat loads for soldiers and higher terrain detail -LRB- a benefit of having such limited terrain in the first place - you can make it look prettier -RRB- . Overall , GR is a nice looking game -LRB- NOT a simulation -RRB- that will satisfy the people who want an arcade shoot 'em up . Look to Operation Flashpoint for a more cerebral , if not quite as glitzy tactical simulation -LRB- yes , it is a SIMULATION , not a game -RRB- . And , by the way , YES , I served as an infantryman for six years and YES , I did serve in a combat zone .
 Game play is fine the problem is bugs . This game has more problems than any game I purchased in 12 years for the PC . From video to sound causing the game to lock up or crash no matter if your using win 98/me & with most video and sound cards . I would expect more from redstorm and will not purchase anymore of their products .
 I have all the rainbow six games , and I think this is a stumbling attempt to create a battlefiel war game . I think it was stupid of Ubi and Red Storm to put somthing this pitiful out there with operation flashpoint out ... Its good if you like the rainbow six series , but if you want somthing a little better , go for operation flashpoint .
 Order placed Nov ,6 / 01 . Product released Nov. 13/01 . Estimated shipping date Nov ,14 / 01 . Estimated delivery Nov19-24 / 01 . Package not yet shipped as of Nov ,20 / 01 . Guess it pays to go to Best Buy . Demo of this game is AWESOME !! Release version worth the wait ? ... CA N'T BE !!!! May be my first/last online purchase .
 I love what Ghost Recon wants to be -- a thoroughly realistic military simulation first person shooter . But the graphics -LRB- particularly for environment -RRB- are unacceptably poor , even archaic by most standards . heavy pixelation , poorly designed and applied textures , and chunky modelling blend to form a GUI that is both tiresome to look at and difficult to use . Which is sad because this game should be the standard for realism by which other FPS games are judged . Instead , it 's hard to take it seriously .
 this game has potential , but falls short . i 'm not impressed . After playing Operation Flashpoint , Medal of Honor , and Return to Castle Wolfenstein , Ghost Recon is a dud . Here are my reasons :1 . the graphics are poor-a few notches above Delta Force 2 . They are somewhat pixelated , even with a fast card -LRB- i 've got a GeForce 2 MX 400 64 mb -RRB- and with the graphic settings cranked up , it still looks mediocre . The soldiers on your squad look pretty good , but every thing else is sort of blah . And when aiming your reticule , it does n't move smoothly like Operation Flashpoint or any other good working game ... it wants to land on the nearest pixel2 . The bugs . good Lord the bugs . On my system , Windows ME , Pentium III 1.1 ghz , 256 MB ram , and GeForce 2 , I experience a bunch of bugs even after applying the official patches . the worst one being a bad flickering around the aiming reticule making it almost impossible to aim or fire . some people have no problems , but just visit UBI 's forum and see about 100 pages of tech problems .3 . The hands ? No hands or weapons are viewable ! What ! Thats not realistic , it 's laziness on Red Storms part . So it 's like you are playing a souped up target shooting game , from the old days of Nintedo , Duck Hunt anyone ?
 I was looking forward to playing this game . But when I loaded it up on my computer and started it up , things began to go downhill VERY quickly.The whole game is a battle . A constant struggle between you and your computer to see how frustrated you can become . The control scheme is absolultely horrible . It 's a neverending struggle to make your different fire teams do even the simplest tasks . Going from point A to point B should not be this difficult ! You issue orders to your teamates but you 'll be darned if they do what they are supposed to . The command interface is also very limited . Your fireteams have only a few options
 First things first . I loved Rainbow Six and Rogue Spear . I 've also played Operation Flashpoint quite a bit . GR is a combination of the three -LRB- sort of -RRB- . The good
 If you own a 3DFX VooDoo video board , you should not buy this game.This game may be fun , but that only counts if it runs and you can see it . As it stands right now this game does NOT support the VooDoo series of video cards therefore ; the game wo n't start , will crash , or at the very best you wo n't be able to read the menus or use night vision in the game . -LRB- ... -RRB- P > I can not say if this game is fun or not , but I 'll be returning my copy because it does not work and of the non-existent support from Ubi Software .
 I 've had Ghost Recon on and off of my hard drive since it first came out . I keep reinstalling it , perhaps thinking maybe the friendly AI have gotten smarter.The graphics are top notch ... but the friendly AI prove very frustrating . I 've yet to pick up on what is so `` realistic '' about this game , as you 're supposedly leading a Special Forces unit that has members that act as if they 're straight out of the School of Infantry . They will not provide a base of fire when the target -LRB- s -RRB- are practically right in front of them , so you can forget about planning even the most rudimentary of offensive actions.Waypoint finding is at times laughable , at other times , you will want to shoot your squad members yourself , or thrill at their getting wasted for being so dumb . Try to get them to clear a small house.No in-game weapon view , but simply a reticle on your HUD . In multiplayer games , this can prove deadly as you try to remain concealed , but your position is given away by a protruding barrel . No type of support for the squad machineguns -LRB- M249 , M240 , etc. -RRB- . Though a vastly different game , I love Day of Defeat for its allowing the player , as a machinegunner , to use his weapon more effectively by deploying the machineguns bipod . For all its `` realism '' , why was this important feature left out .
 The reviews said this is good , but I must 've missed something in the tutorial . I thought the soldiers were supposed to fire on their own ? It 's very realistic , but I apparently failed to get the fun of the game.If anyone can advise me on this , please comment .
 When ghost recon came out they said Tom Clancy was going for a more tactical type game . I immediately invisioned myself leading a big , maybe even huge , team of soldiers . Instead I got a game pretty much like the old , and originally fun but now boring , Rainbow Six games . It 's exactly like Rainbow six escept outdoors and with less soldiers and less choice of equipment . You have three teams . Alpha team can have 3 soldiers on it , Bravo 2 , and Charlie only 1 . Making it very like the Rainbow Six games except worse . The good points are the good graphics of the soldiers however . Thier guns are very well put together graphicaly , and the suits for the snipers have nice camoflauge aspects to them . The scenery is rather nice too , very realistic are the trees and bushes and sound effects and such . However , putting on night vision turns the scenery a bit too game-like . It falls short in terms of weapon realism too . There is no kick -LRB- Recoil -RRB- for any of the weapons , making it very much like a poorly designed FPS game . The scenarios are nicely designed . with realistic objectives and good maps . However with the small team you have these maps are more of a curse then a blessing . Multiplayer on these maps is much , MUCH , more fun . Another thing I wish they 'd implemented was the ability to play as a regular soldier . Not having to command anyone or anything , just to follow along with the mission plan . Having to monitor everyone and move them along with you took a big fun factor out of the game . The Firefight single mission types and such did keep the game going for me when I got bored of the regular campaign though.Upside : Good scenery , player models , and gun graphics . Several different single player game types . Good mulitplayer action.Downside : Not too realistic , no recoil with weapons etc.Can only take six soldiers max on a mission . Always the leader , ca n't ever be a grunt . Limited equipment selection .
 I 'm an avid Nintendo DS fan , and play regularly . I picked up Freedom Wings with only a little hesitation , as the $ 20 `` discount '' DS titles so far have never disappointed me . It 's unfortunate that Freedom Wings is the first to do so.I fail to see this as a `` flying/RPG '' crossover , as there is really very little to offer for either genre . RPG-wise , the storyline is very watery and almost non-existent ; what little there is has been around the block and down the corner a thousand times in countless other games . The character development and interaction is minimal and hollow , and the scripts are extremely weak and lacking any sort of creative feeling.As as flying game it 's crippled . With extremely poor controls on the ` manual ' flight setting , it 's hardly fun to fly . And if you want to take all of the fun out , you can engage the automatic flight mode and let a -LRB- weak -RRB- AI take over flying and fighting -LRB- against more weak AI -RRB- for you , reducing this game to an even more mind-numbing experience.The graphics are n't terribly bad , I 'll give it that . Unfortunately , `` does n't hurt the eyes too much '' does n't make the game fun . The landscape is pretty repetitive and boring , anyways . The music , meanwhile , is repetitive and tinny , with no on/off option.The part with potential ? Customizing the airplanes . I like the idea . It could be more fun , but it feels . . Unfinished , rushed . There is very little explanation in-game of what you 're buying , what it does , and what you already have.I give this game 2 stars , and for two reasons . The first is , some folks seem to enjoy it , and at $ 20 , it 's not a big loss if you do n't . The second is the multi-player . I admit to not having played it yet , but it does exist , and that could prove to be quite fun.Short answer
 Very disappointing - game crashes after the tutorial . I am using Vista home premium , so do not trust Amazon when they say that it is compatible with Vista !
 Boy am I dissapointed in this game . The manual is very poor , and the game is pretty complicated and FAR from intuitive . The graphics are nice , but who cares ? I 've tried three times to get into it , but it just plain -LSB- is bad -RSB- . Spend your money elsewhere . My version will make a better coaster than a game . Do n't buy into the hype of the other reviews like I did .
 I was looking for something on par with warcraft and starcraft by blizzard , but what I got was `` convenience store tycoon '' , not as playable as Hasbro 's Rollercoaster tycoon . but definitly the red tape paperwork frustration of business , caveat empor
 I just wasted 7 bucks on a non-returnable download game , which is my first wasted money on Amazon since 2002 , when I started using it.The game crashes on my Vista Premium Home everytime I want to skip the tutorial mode . On my PC , it is unplayable . Well , I 'm not surprised , it is a very old game . I should have tried the trial before purchasing . The description suggests compatibility with XP and Vista , but it was not my case .
 I had high hopes for this game as I really enjoyed Fallout.This game is not Fallout . The look is similar and some of the weaponry is interesting , but any positive qualities are grossly overshadowed by the horrid dialogue . It seems like a non-english speaker has created scripts that they think Americans -LRB- or other english speakers -RRB- will think are `` cool '' . It reminds me of the Kung-Fu movies that have been dubbed in english but with more profanity and less intelligence and cohesion.The quests were mindless and you ca n't interact with most of the characters . One quest involved leaving a building and retrieving an object that was placed right next to the door of the building you just left and bringing it back inside . That 's it!The story line is very linear as well.I could n't play it for more than an hour or so . You should only get this if you want to see an excellent example of a really bad game .
 This quite possibly is the worst game I have seen in some time . I have had more entertainment with mine sweeper . I rarely have the desire to write reviews , but this game is so bad I had to write something.Pros
 Pros
 I got this game to try to get an old school Fallout 1 & 2 type experience.I could barely get this program to work . My machine is a pretty fast Windows 7 machine with a good graphics card . I think Windows 7 does n't like it.I just ca n't recommend it .
 This game does not have good enough grapics for me . My computer is more up to date . I am wanting better but it would be alright for someone else .
 I bought the game for $ 19.99 ... thinking that a brainless game would be a good break from thinking games . I mean it 's Whac-A-Mole ... how hard can it be ? Because it 's computerized , you get gold moles -LRB- more points -RRB- , hairy moles -LRB- sucks points away -RRB- , etc. . There are n't `` in game '' instructions , so you have to keep the book nearby . Overall , I 'm just not impressed ... I wanted a chance to beat on some moles , not have to read a book in order to play . I could only figure out a couple of things on my own.Gameplay ends quickly if you do n't read the book . Moles do n't go away on first hit all the time -LRB- unless you hit the screen harder -RRB- . I wonder about the long term effects that could have on the life of your Nintendo DS.I tried to get rid of the game at Game Stop a couple of days later ... they are offering $ 2 . I 'll give it to a friend , hopefully her kids will have more fun with it .
 You turn on the game and think you just hit the moles that pop out and you make it pass the first round ... . If you do n't have the instruction book , then do n't think you are going to make it much farther . Boring , not worth the money ... glad I rented it .
 I purchased his game hoping that there would be a hint of Wario-Type games , but instead , this game sucks !! The arcade mode is very boring and lame , and the puzzle mode could have been done a lot better . Considering all the competition out there with the other platforms -- -LRB- PSP -RRB- , you would think the games coming out would be a little better quality . This game seems to have been made without a lot of thought put in to it -- but then again -- HEY , IT 'S WHACK A MOLE right ???
 I have Panzer General and Allied General and this game is a disappointment . When playing against AI the game freezes after several turns .
 Mindless and repetitive , this is the perfect example of phoning-in a block buster movie video game tie in . They do n't even manage to translate the voice bubble dialog into English correctly.A major on-line computer gaming site gives this game one-half of one star out of five and says it 's better as a prop for your window than it is a game.If you want a good film-to-game comic adventure get Spiderman III for the DS instead .
 With Fantastic Four
 When I first saw Fighting Steel on the shelf , my immediate reaction was `` Finally , the ultimate follow-on to the Great Naval Battles series . '' As I read the details printed on the box , my interest peaked and I could n't wait to get into a major capital ship engagement . Unfortunately , I then installed this turkey and tried to play it.Simply put , the game requires too much detailed effort to be enjoyable . There are an endless series of menus and sub-menus that must be employed to get anything done . By the time you have formed your forces , set navigational parameters , and maybe gotten lucky enough to engage the enemy , you 're more than ready for the action to start . It does n't happen that way . The game requires micromanagement of every aspect ; navigation , gunnery , damage control , and this for every ship . What should be a very enjoyable simulation just bogs down in minutia.What is even more frustrating is the magnificent selection of available forces . Battleships , battlecruisers , heavy cruisers , destroyers , subs and just about everything else from every major fleet are there , alongwith an almost overwhelming assortment of weapons . This game could have been a World War II enthusiast 's dream come true , but it just does n't deliver on the promise.Worse yet is the brutal tendancy for the game to lock up in the middle of the action , with no apparent pattern to the problem . Technical support is non-existent , so you just get to start over and hope for something better.The graphics are good , the sound effects are excellent and , if you can get a battle going , it 's quite realistic . The problem is that it takes too long to get there , too much effort to control the forces engaged , and carries no guarantee that you 'll get to see anything through to a conclusion.If they ever get this right , it 's going to be great . Somehow , I do n't think I 'll hold my breath .
 I was really hoping to like this game . You get the impression of playing an unfinished product . Problem # 1
 I dove into this game , looking forward to a modern-day , interactive version of `` Clue . '' The premise is certainly there
 Even though this is an awesome game , I really recommend that you should n't download this game . Anytime I would download and install , play , then shut down the computer ; I would turn the computer back on and my computer will say `` NTLDR file is missing . Press ctrl + alt + del . '' As a word of advice it 's better to get a physical CD copy .
 this game is highly highly overrated . at first i thought it was really good too , until i started playing more . when you think of grand theft auto , you think of riding around , doing whatever you want , mugging people and killing cops , right ? well , this game seems to embrace those gaming ideals , but unfortunately it 's all a lie . this game is actually completely linear . if you want to ride around doing whatever you want , i 've got news for you - first of all you wo n't have much to do , and second you 'll be dead or in jail really quick . mug or kill someone and the police are on to you . there 's a 5 star level of how wanted you are . at 2 stars , you 'll be chased all over the map no matter where or how fast you go . you will not be able to kill the police or evade them . your only choice is to go to a spray shop , pay $ 100 to get your car painted so the cops wo n't recognize you . this gets old really fast . it 's linear because there are actually missions you have to complete , and you ca n't pick and choose which ones to do . the missions are cool , but just now i played one where you have to win a lowrider hydraulics contest . you have to keep your hydraulics in time with the music . unfortunately i could n't figure out how to do this or if i did n't know some of the controls , so i fail the mission , and i ca n't move forward in the game until i win the contest !! in my opinion that 's really lame . it reduces this whole game to a simple `` press this button in time with this music '' game . yes , the music , the atmosphere and the dialogue is all wonderful and hilarious . driving around listneing to gangsta music and shooting people is fun . the details and ideas put into this game are really cool , but the design of the actual gameplay leaves a lot to be desired .
 Forget the fact that this is a mean-spirited , hateful game that does nothing more than perpetuate -LRB- and encourage ! -RRB- ugly stereotypes , atrocious language , and gratuitous violence . It 's also just a rotten game . The graphics are terrible , the controls are extremely awkward and unforgiving , and on my system it locked up hard just a few minutes in -LRB- and yes , I have fast hardware , the latest drivers , and all that -RRB- . Rockstar tech support is virtually non-existent ; my e-mail requests for help were never answered .
 dont listen to that guy i made a review on this a few days ago and i just came back 2 see the feedback and we agree on 1 thing this game isnt 4 kids but cmon , this game is pure garbage , basically any1 with a huge craving for blood would buy this game every single copy should be burned into ashed dumped into the sun and then dump the sun into the nearest black hole with around 1 million atom bombs . this is how bad this game is dont listen 2 Brian S. Beale `` Dr. Death '' people . this game is pure utter garbageps . guys who work at amazon if its against rules to criticize on other reviews please dont post this
 this game is utter garbage . i would swear about it but im afraid of being sued . if i could id take every copy of this game world wide burn them feed it to my dog , wait for my dog to poo it out , burn it again , , toss it into a pool of sulphuric acid , and dump the acid into the sun . this game ispure racism , smut , and violence and drug abuse . i dont reccomend this game 4 any age especially 4 minors -LRB- like me -RRB- because of all the bad influences like drug abuse and drinking and shooting millions of people with bazookas , grenades , ak47s , silenced pistols , molotovs , and machine guns . this game is the worst in existance and is worthy of receiving a award called `` the worlds most complete supreme utter $ ^ @ # award '' if your reading this dont buy this game !!!
 This is a lamentable game . Laughable graphics , repetitive language and foul at that . Generic characters populating the streets as in previous games and a unwieldy targeting system . Missions dont mean a thing if youve done it all in the previous incarnations of this game , still stealing taxis and cars , ie BORING !!! Its GTA again and again , nothing innovative or new . Talk about milking a franchise .
 and just say that the entire Grand Theft Auto `` series '' is actually terrible . Completely overrated , how many cops can you kill and new-age `` mobsters '' can you knock off with this/these still being a fun game -LRB- s -RRB- ? The answer , is about 2 . This is a little off the topic but it 's basically come to my attention that someone went through every single one of my reviews and voted `` no '' for being helpful . All i have to say about that is , whatever , it 's cute . Vote yes or no , I still nabbed your attention ; -RRB-
 I ordered this today and though it would work on my Vista Acer . Little did i know , every time i tryed to open it , it froze , Bottom Line , Dont buy if you have Vista
 Grand Theft Auto San Andreas is one of my favorite games , but this page clearly states they are selling the 1st edition -LRB- the mod-able one -RRB- , but I received the 2nd edition .
 My father is an IT and has been for 20 years , when he downloaded this it crashed his computer and deleted many things off his computer , not once but TWICE . That said I will be nervous to download any games from Amazon or anywhere else . BUT Amazon was prompt at offering a refund and were very helpful after I called them , they said they have n't heard of it doing that . Maybe it was just us . Does n't hurt my love for Amazon , ... just maybe their downloadable sections .
 I was hoping for an interesting simulation of &#34; real life &#34; in this game , with its world open to be explored . But I found the graphics poor -LRB- I have free games that look better -RRB- , and the missions were really boring , like looking for and erasing some 20 graffitis all over one area of town .
 I was having problems recently with my CD/DVD drive and it would not load any games from CD ROM Disk . So I purchased GTA San Andreas so it would be installed on my drive . After several hours of downloading and the installation I booted up the game . The first thing I noticed was the game was lagging and shaky . At times the screen would freeze for a moment and then continue to run . This caused me to uninstall and re-install I believe , to correct the problem yet it did n't . I purchased a new CD/DVD drive and ran my previously purchased GTA CD/ROM disk perfectly . Then digital download did not run as smooth . Another issue is that the download will not record when using software from a well known site . The disk records perfectly but not the download . I have experienced this problem with another digital download . The games wont record but the disks will . Yet my other game I purchased from Amazon by download had no problems at all running . I do n't know what the problem is , possibly the digital downloads are some how protected . I do n't know . I like the convenience of ordering through Amazon at home when I need it instead of traveling to the city to pick up my games .
 I 'm not sure if I 'm the only one having problems with this from amazon . First , the download took extremely long on my DSL internet -LRB- it took about 2-3 days for it to finish -RRB- . I 'm probably the only one who it took that long for but I digress . So . . when I actually INSTALLED the game , it was uber fun and I loved it . I installed it on my windows xp desktop and my windows 7 toshiba laptop . I 'm not sure if it 's just the amazon standard version download -LRB- which I purchased -RRB- but it seems to have done funny things to both computers . After I restarted my desktop , I got a pesky NTLDR is missing error and I eventually had to reinstall my OS -LRB- Computer is not backed up -RRB- . Not sure what had caused the error , I installed the programs I needed and downloaded and installed this on my desktop a second time . Same NTLDR error ... Had to reinstall my OS a second time and I downloaded/installed it again to make sure it was n't a fluke . Same NTLDR error . Now on my windows 7 laptop , when I restarted it after installing the game , my computer would not completely start up either -LRB- I could at least get to user account because windows 7 does n't use NTLDR -RRB- but at least on this computer , I could restore it to a point before I downloaded it.I 'm not sure whats going on with amazon and this download and why it has affected the start up of both computers I own , but I would be weary of getting this off amazon . Try to get a physical copy if you can or maybe from steam . The game itself -LRB- for little I was able to play it -RRB- is extremely fun and I 'd give it 5 starts though . I 'm going to back up my computer and try installing this 1 last time and see if I get the same results . I 'll report back soon hopefully !
 If you are a keyboard/mouse gamer then you wont have too much of a problem playing this game . But if you 're like me and like connecting a game controller to your PC and playing your games on it then you 'll have a problem . I bought both a xbox 360 wired controller and a normal game controller for the PC but it doesnt recognize the left and right triggers . I tried every little software program on the net to get it working but still no success . And do n't even try to play the game without them because its just too clunky and you 'll have left out game commands . But this game is pretty old it was made for Windows 2000/XP . And I have Windows 7 so I should have known better .
 I bought this downloadable version of the game cause I did n't want to wait for the disc to come . plus it was easier to play . This is a great game and I love the GTA series , but they did n't have what I really wanted it for . I got it so I can download the MTA -LRB- Multi Thief Auto -RRB- to play online with friends . But the downloadable GTA does n't not acknowledge the code file to downgrade the game to make it Multi-player usable . So if you want this game to play online with others , You Will Need the Disc for it.Still a great game to play , but not useful for what I wanted it for .
 The Gta series has been going stong for a very long time with the new one coming out soon -LRB- Gta 5 -RRB- its been my favorite game but i was very disappointed with this one , Each mission is tedious and its all the same , For example your given a misson to pick up a package simple as that so you go and pick it up and then a buttload of enemines show up then once you killed them all you have to return the package So along the way of returning it you run into more enemines , Almost every mission is like this in a way , Your given a simple task that you must carry out and along the way it turns into something very very hard , I like a challenge as much as the next person but i also like a many diffrent thing put togather , It becomes very boring after a while of doing the same thing over and over and over again go to the location pick up the item fight the bad guys and return its all the same but the gta series still is good but i dont like this game .
 You may be looking for version 1 standard , as specified in this listing , in able to use third-party extensions for multi-player , etc. . Be sure the non-Amazon seller you choose really is offering that version - Best Game Deals IS NOT ! If you do n't care about extensibility , go with version 2 or higher for a cost discount .
 This game is unplayable due to multiple crashes , despite my updates of graphic , sound and directx drivers . The game has not been adequately tested . This is despite six calls to customer service who recommended multiple various audio and graphics setting downgrades , deleting settings files , and shutting off every other program I have . I also had a very difficult time returning the game once it was opened , do n't put yourself through this . I loved GTA 3 and Vice City , and was really looking forward to this game . Trust me , at least wait until upgrade patches are made before buying this game .
 I 've got so many projects on the burner that occasionally I buy a brand-new game and do n't get around to taking the shrink-wrap off for years . This is such a case . But I finally finished it . Though I enjoyed `` Vice City '' tremendously , I wo n't be playing the next installment of `` Grand Theft Auto . '' Here 's why.Have you ever noticed that , in the words of Margo Timmins , `` living 's mostly wasting time '' ? Well , I have . A very small percentage of your time actually goes to doing THE THING . Most of the time you 're simply getting ready to do THE THING . You 're standing in line for THE THING , registering for THE THING , arranging payments for THE THING , stuck in traffic trying to get to the THE THING , struggling to get THE THING working on your computer , etc.Well , video games have reached such a level of graphic realism that when you 're , say , driving a car down the street in `` Grand Theft Auto
 Sure it 's fun to roam freely California running over people and gunning down cops . Sure the graphics are nice.But the game concept is just stupid . Rival `` gangs '' control portions of the city . You walk nearby , they start shooting at you . These gangs have outposts , bases , safehouses - etc. . This is just lame . If they were trying to make an adult game they killed it completely with this . In the original -LRB- And in real life -RRB- gangs control a street , maybe a city block - and there are n't any `` criminal wars '' . There are human scumbags trying to survive in a life of crime , not `` gangs '' fighting like if it was freaking Baghdad.As an example , one of the `` missions '' -LRB- Assignments/favors - naming them `` Missions '' is just lame -RRB- 's objective was `` The s *** is in the bike . Get it to X '' -LRB- And X would be a selling place , not a gang 's `` outpost '' `` base '' `` safehouse '' etc - there were n't any gangs at all , which , as I explained , made the game realistic and thus great -RRB- while in this game the mission objective would be `` We have to expand our drug-selling empire . Destroy the rival gang 's drug-producing laboratories . '' Just lame .
 I am very happy about this because I was watching the news once and I heard this game has changed from M Rated to Audlts only now . Basically Rockstar should not be blamed for this game , The person who purchased this game is the one who should be held responsible for buying it for themselves or their young ones ! I mean if the Parents would 've not been buying this game for their Kids alot We should not have this problem but now I heard that someone has decide to Sue Rockstar for buying this game to their Grand kids . So everyone please pay a bit more attention to the Ratings next time and Do n't Buy this game for your Kids !
 I dont want all of my reviews to sound bad , but when I played this at a friends house , I did n't care for it . My friend was all jazzed about it , but I do n't know , I like games with action , etc , not just a game where you can go and whack someone over the head with a gun or something . Maybe I did not play the game far enough to enjoy it , but to me , there are better games out there .
 My PC far exceeds the recommended requirements and You ca n't see the people on the streets , all I get is outlines . you end up beating a guy next to a cop and ... BUSTED OR , you end up beating a cop ... BUSTED.Also , I have played this game for over 100 hours and I have never gotten past the 3rd level , -LRB- Lifes a beach -RRB- Why ? The keyboard is way too slow to respond to the arrows when they are in the circle . The most I have been able to score is 1550 and you need 2500 !!!!!!! There are no settings to adjust the sensitivity so this piece of $ 39 crap is sitting on my `` useless game shelf `` Again DO NOT BUY THIS if you have a PC , I only hope the Playstaion and XBox is better
 For the people who are saying you ca n't access sexual contact without entering a code are wrong . Did you forget about the mission where CJ enters a house where a girl is giving a man oral sex ? Or did you forget about the dildo CJ can beat people with . It 's not all about the sexual contact . The shooting of gangstas and pimpin rides is nuts . I 'm a bit surprised they didn ' go all out and allow the players to give each other gang signs . I loved all of the other Grand Theft Autos but this one goes way off the books and ca n't even be compared to the other Autos . I was truly disappointed .
 after installing it jacked up the boot sequence on 2 xp machines.ntldr is missing is what comes up when you restart after install easy fix but still lame ...
 Easy to unlock hot coffee mod and easier to get into the feeling of L.A gangs and gangstas.If you 've already played it bvack in the day worth another go .
 Absolutely horrendous . This download never worked for me . I know what I am doing ; I am a computer savvy person , and this would just not work . The download requires that there are special specifications that need to be met on the system , and nowhere does it say this before you download it from amazon ... I want my money back ... Awful .
 very dissappointed . title says all . . worked once , thats all . tried re downloading , still nothing . although this is only 4 bucks , save yourself frustration and download steam . they sell it for 7.49 as of right now .
 This is not the best PC game ever , despite what critics have said about the game on the PS2 . First of all , the DVD takes 5-6 minutes to spin before you can install the game . Then , it takes nearly 45 minutes to install the game . What kind of system do I have ? A brand new Alienware Area 51 5500 with the best hardware - the package even says that it runs great on Alienware . So why the extremely long install ? Then , once I finally got the game installed , I crashed numerous times whenever a movie was played -LRB- the parts where they give the missions -RRB- . Take-2 tech support was very helpful - I give them credit . Turns out , despite having a new machine , I had to update every driver for the graphics and sound . Before you even play the game , you will need to do the same . Anyway , I loved Grand Theft Auto 3 for the PC . It was a great port from the consoles , with enough changes to make it fun on the PC . But this game lacks some of that polish . For example , what happened to the strafe mode ? You could strafe in GTA3 , but in San Andreas , moving left and right actually turns your character instead of stepping left and right . I thought the advantage of a keyboard and mouse was to have mouse-look enabled for better targeting . The game does not like that very much and is played better when you hold a button for targeting . Talk about console-itis . There are far too many commands to map onto the keyboard for this game . I spent 30 minutes to get it to be usable and was still frustrated . I picked up my Saitek gamepad to play with the game instead and things got a bit better . Imagine that - owning a PC and having to use a gamepad to play instead of a keyboard and mouse . They got GTA3 right on the PC - I had no trouble with the controls ! Why the change to the more complex control schemes ? The graphics are amazing . They are better than any other GTA game . But I still see problems , like why does the main character CJ have a bold line and different skin colors where his head attaches to his neck ? Why is his nose white ? Why , when I exit a car , the main character clips though the door . All these things should easily be fixed on the PC version of the game . I have only started playing and I know the game will open up and be fun and entertaining . Despite my complaints as a PC game , GTA games are always fun . But maybe I expected a better experience on the PC ? Maybe I thought the game would be cleaned up some and operate less like the console version the way GTA3 was a huge improvement over its counterparts . Keep this in mind - if you are buying GTA3 San Andreas for the PC , you might not be getting the best version . And that is too bad - they had a chance to make a killer game .
 I loved the other GTA games and was really looking forward to this being released on the PC . I was just about to break down and buy a PS2 when they finally made it available , but it appears to have been released a bit too soon . The consensus on the numerous unofficial GTA forums is that Q&A ; only bothered to test this game under a few different configurations , and with a limited number of Nvidia cards . If you have an ATI card , there 's a good chance you will experience my brand of frustration . I expect a patch will come out that fixes the various graphics and sound related problems , but for right now I am one of many who can not really play the game.I 'll followup with a more detailed review once the game is patched .
 I love the GTA games but this game crashes about every 20 minutes on me . I have been through settings , drivers , changed out hardware - and I still have not resolved the issue . While looking around the net this seems to be a very common issue for those of us who bought this game.I run a AMD 3200 , 1 GB DDR 400 , 128 Mb Nvidia 5950 -- my system has always been stable running games . My only conclusion is that this needs a major patch !!!!
 this just sucks the main person just keeps running around.He just keeps running and or walking which is controlled thru the key board.no fwd bike control , he wo n't peddle , but gos backwards quite well.Tryed different setups reloads and nothing worked.Atleast I bought it used and for not much money.Maybe ill find a fix and try it again later .
 I participated in the open beta of Archlord , enticed by the great graphics and a break from World of Warcraft , which has become repetitive to me . I was utterly disgusted by this game within two hours . I did n't play long enough to encounter the serious bugs mentioned by the previous reviewer , but he 's not alone in his claims . I simply can not confirm nor deny that.However , that does n't really matter . I was shocked to find out that the game really wants you to move using a click-to-move interface . What 's worse is that if you click to move somewhere , there 's almost no chance your character will get there if there is * anything * in the way . Tree stump ? Groundhog ? No deal . To move , you literally have to click 5 feet in front of you every 3 seconds until you get to your destination . Fun!I much prefer the W-A-S-D keyboard movement control with mouse look , the standard in just about every first person shooter and every successful MMO -LRB- WoW , EQ , CoH/CoV , the whole bunch -RRB- . Guess what ? Keyboard control is crippled in this game . Sure , W moves you forward , but A and D turn you at a 45-degree angle only -- there is no smooth movement . In fact , movement is ridiculously awkward , and the camera was flipping all over the place.Compound this with clicking to move and clicking to attack are the same mouse click ! No ! I was trying to run * past * that slime ... I did n't mean to attack it ! On the flip side , there 's nothing like being in a heated battle , and you go to click to attack , and you accidentally run into another group of baddies because you * just * missed the enemy and clicked to move instead . Nice!One last point
 The fact that this game was released as a `` finished '' product blows me away . The amount of serious bugs in the game that have not been addressed entering the third week of retail is astounding . Every time a patch arrives to fix a known issue , several more things in game are broken.All that aside , even if the bugs get fixed , I think I would find more variety in busting out an Atari 2600 and playing Joust for three hours . The grind in this game is terrible - I hit lvl 31 last week and wo n't be touching this game again.If you are a 12 year old with no life , 100 hours a week to grind through levels and enjoy smack talking and killing characters 20 levels lower than yourself to have fun , buy Archlord . Otherwise , please do yourself a favor and save the money for something else ...
 I too was part of the beta for the game . It was fun in beta ... as part of beta you expect there to be bugs and issues so they do n't annoy you quite so bad.Then some brilliant person thought it was ready for release ... wow ... first day in game no one ran anywhere , just gliding no toon movement when attacking just standing in front of the enemy with damage counters going over your heads . the auction house took forever before you could actually post auctions and even now you have to collect your money from one sell , log out , log in , collect money from the next item sold repeat as needed until you get your cash for each item . FOr participating in certain events or pre-ordering and things like that you get special in game items ... problem is only a couple of them actually are coded properly to have their effect on your character.This game should still be in beta , do n't throw your money away on it until its bug reports diminish drastically . Even then only buy it if you seriously love PvP and pretty much nothing else ... the quest lines are lame and repetative , not much in the way of character customization , only 3 races without special things for each race just classes ... hell you ca n't even choose between male or female . you wan na be a moon elf ... you 're female ... apparently the moon elf men do n't adventure . you want to be a human archer your male.Last thing ... I second the previous reviewers comment about the click to move choice ... everyone else uses WASD for a reason , it works . click to move is just way to choppy , especially with your character only moving in a straight line and stopping at every rock in the way .
 1 . You can not change gender , race , or any true aspects of your character .2 . How do you make a linear MMOG ? Thats why we play MMOG 's for a nonlinear game .3 . Graphics are sad bad and choppy .4 . Game controls are painful and weird .5 . The game world is small6 . The storyline in not inherently clear .
 yep . ive played doom 3 already . i thought this was quake 4 , not another doom 3 expansion . pffff
 God , to think so many talented people , put in so much time , and so much hard work , and hours of coding and meetings , and pizza dinners , and miss their families , for this ? Dude , WTF?Using the Outdated Quake III engine for this game was the first mistake , this game looks like it 's right out of the 1990s . The Story line is interesting enough , but stupid.If you could land a bunch of people on a planet , well , why?Just keep pounding it with nukes from orbit , just like they said in ALIENS , ` it 's the only way to be sure . ' A 15 minute game
 Once again , you , the player , return as a battle hardened marine fighting the forces of an alien enemy on the planet Stroggos . Your enemy , the clever and malevolent half machine half human Strogg have been invading earth for years , stripping the planet of its natural resources and using the body parts of the deceased for gory experiments . Now , in a last attempt to stop the invasion , you are sent to Stroggos to destroy your enemy before they destroy your world . However , the planned invasion on Stroggos goes awry , many of your comrades are killed and your ship is wrecked . Now , with the help of a few remaining fellow soldiers , you must battle your way through this bizarre and malevolent alien world . However , your worst fears are soon realized when it becomes apparent that to defeat your enemy , you must become one of them ! The battle for earth begins ... Game PlayWhen I first started playing Quake 4 I was immensely impressed . The graphics were marvelous , the plot absorbing , and the general aura of palpable tension enthralling . However , as the game progressed I became less enamored . I freely admit that I have no gaming skill whatsoever , and am a frequent user of cheat codes , however , I was able to play Doom 3 through without a great deal of reliance on cheat codes . Buoyed by my success , I assured myself that at last I had acquired some amount of skill and would be able to enjoy Quake 4 . Alas , but it was not to be ! As the game wore on , I instantly tired of getting killed every few seconds , getting stuck , lost , confused , and just generally enraged . I gave in and searched the internet for my trusty old cheat codes . So much for that self fabricated palaver about having acquired some gaming skill . Still , I was certain that once I typed in my cheat codes -LRB- the ones that gave me all the weapons and made me invincible -RRB- I would be able to finish the game . After all , how pathetic would it be to have the invincibility cheat code on and still loose ! Surely even I was n't that bad . Well , I was . Actually , I 'd prefer to blame that on the game . Okay , so I 'm not that skilled a gamer but even so , a game really should n't be that hard . So , why was this game so impossible ? Let me count the ways : Complexity of the Missions : As can be assumed by this sections title , the mini-missions that were present during each level were particularly complex . Within the first few levels , the player is inundated by seemingly impossible missions to acquire objects that ca n't be found , save other soldiers who seem to throw themselves into harms way , open doors that just wo n't open -LRB- even when I cunningly gave myself the cheat code for a rocket launcher in hopes that I could just blow up the door -RRB- , etcetera . As the game wore on , the fun dissipated and each mission became like a chore . After finally completing a task , I was rewarded with yet another extraordinarily difficult mission until finally I became so stuck and so dispirited that I gave up and refused to finish the game . Even with every cheat code known to man , I simply could n't get past that impossible level . I was only four levels in when I became irreversibly stuck . This then , was why I choose to write this review . For a highly experienced gamer this game will probably not seem quite as unfeasible , however , the extreme level of complexity will still prove annoying despite the gamers skill and tenacity . For a fairly new gamer like myself , avoid this product at all costs ! Quake 4 is for experienced , skilled , and infinitely patience gamers only !!! Ineffectual Cheat CodesThis then brings me to my second qualm , the ineffectual cheat codes . Although not everyone is so reliant on these odious codes , I found that sadly I was . So , imagine my surprise when I donned the invincibility cheat code and still got killed ! How is that even possible you ask ? Well , the design of the game is such that in each level the player will be presented with a mission that , if failed , is often fatal . Therefore when the player does n't finish the mission in time the game automatically stops and the player is obliterated forcing them to start the same level all over again . Therefore , the cheat codes are completely ineffectual , useless , futile , inadequate , ad infinitum.Along these same lines is the critical timing of the missions . Often I was killed because I did not perform the feats with enough speed . Being a new gamer , I found it extremely tiresome that such great skill and unwavering attention was expected of the player . I much preferred the method that the Doom series employed where the player was allowed to choose their own level of difficulty . This enabled new players to start the game and become accustomed to the gaming world whereas older players were allowed more challenges . Had this method also been presented in Quake 4 I feel that many of my complaints would have been rendered void . Sadly , this was not to be.Character Provided InformationCompiled with the level of sheer complexity , is the character provided information . Unlike the Doom games , each level is so complex and the missions so minutely detailed , that it became essential for the game creators and programmers to use other characters , such as army commanders and other soldiers , to deliver important mission oriented messages . Through their explanations , the player learns of the current circumstances , ongoing storyline , and the various minutias regarding an impending mission . Because of this , it is essential to have the computer sound blaring . As I soon discovered , this is any easy way to irritate your family members especially when you feel like indulging in a game while they try to watch television . Also , because all essential information is conveyed through dialogue , it is essential to listen carefully to everything the characters ' say . This level of concentration soon becomes yet another irritating aspect inherent in Quake 4 . WeaponsAs if the game was not already difficult enough , the weapons provided made actually hitting a target nearly impossible . Only the machine gun was actually useful in striking the aforementioned targets . The other weapons , including the advanced weapons only to be acquired later in the game , were completely powerless and therefore made actually hitting a target nearly impossible . The targets themselves were always provided with better weapons , were able to move faster , hide more efficiently , etcetera , therefore culminating to make them nearly indestructible.EnemiesThe Strogg themselves prove to be rather undeveloped villains . Unlike the Doom villains , we are never truly allowed to see our adversaries . They are often two far away to see and for the player 's own safety , especially without the benefit of cheat codes , it is imperative to shoot at them from a distance . Therefore , the villains are never truly seen thus diminishing the level of terror expected from a horror/action videogame.Also , the programmers made use of the same villains in several levels resulting in the gamer being subjected to a re-run of identical carnage sequences . This repetitive feeling of d&eacute;j&agrave; vu was yet another flaw in the ever crumbling faade of Quake 4Besides all these qualms , the concept of the villains themselves , half machine , half human , simply did n't evoke as much imaginativeness as could have been expected . Perhaps I have been spoiled by years of Doom but the concept behind Quake 4 simply was n't as imaginative or terrifying as it could have been . Still , the rich storyline and character details more than made up for this small fault . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - All of these flaws , laboriously explained above , proved fatal to the Quake 4 experience . Although they were several nice elements to the game , these elements were simply not enough to overcome the great complexity of the plot , the endless mind numbing missions , and the countless conundrums presented in each tiresome level . However , for the benefit of the reader , I have provided a brief segment below that detail the more pleasant elements of the Quake 4 experience.GraphicsAfter having just recently finished Doom 3 , I was instantly able to recognize the graphics employed in Quake and was not overtly surprised to learn that Quake 4 relied on the Doom 3 engine . As in Doom 3 the virtual world of the Stroggs was fully brought to life with fluid graphics , realistic companions , and -LRB- unlike Doom -RRB- excellent lighting . The graphics were almost perfect and certainly the best that I have seen to date.StorylineAlthough the storyline of Quake 4 was not as unique as the Doom saga , it was more highly developed . The aura of tension and mystery was sustained throughout the few levels I managed to master and the greatest regret that I have about discontinuing my excursion in the Quake world was that I would be unable to witness the ending of the finely crafted storyline . Indeed , at times the game acquired and almost cinematic feel that left the gamer hungry for more . Sadly the sheer complexity and hopelessness of the mission made it impossible for me to continue further in the Quake world and therefore , I remain ignorant as to the story 's conclusion . However , judging by the beginning portions of the tale , I can only assume that the story continued onward at an exciting and intriguing pace . Would that I could have finished it.Characters / DialogueUnlike the Doom 3 saga , Quake 4 boasts superior characters . Instead of pursuing the same Doomesque aura , the programmers allowed for greater variety of characters in Quake 4rendering them far more important to the continuation of the tale . Indeed , the marine is rarely ever left alone and is either accompanied by a squadron of his soldier comrades or his commanders . Each character is essential to the story and thus a more realistic aura is created . This was one of the most enjoyable aspects of Quake and effectively helped to construct a distinctly personal and relevant aura.As for the character 's dialogue , this aspect is far less believable . The dialogue is generally corny and over done but still helps to keep the gamer 's interest and proves to be an entertaining if unrealistic addition to the Quake 4 atmosphere.Special EditionI purchased the Special Edition CD-ROM . Included in this edition are the following features : * Concept and Production Art Gallery * Quake II plus expansion packs Reckoning and Ground Zero * The Making of Quake 4
 I had to reboot twice to get this installed . ` Way too much work for a so-so game . Pretty graphics , boring gameplay . Shoot-it-up , fine . I started shoot-em-ups with the original Wolfenstein . It was immeasurably better than this . I wish that it was the old ` try-before-you-buy ' days . I would n't have bought . Find another ... better would be easy .
 I would take a guess and say the ONLY people that will give this game a high rating will be kids 16 or younger.If you have played DOOM 3 , then you have already played Quake 4 ! I was wondering why this game slipped out onto store shelves and was released to retail without any great fanfare . Now I know why ! It is basically the new Doom , except the weapons have flashlights . I am not impressed at all . I beat this game on the hardest setting no problem . The enemies are not particularly clever , just greater in number . Talk about predictable ... this game was that in spades . Sadly , you can finish this game in 10 hours or less ... YUCK!Quake 4 is built by the same team using the same graphics engine . I did n't like DOOM 3 much either but it was a great deal better than this . Yes , the graphics were average . I have a AMD 64bit 4000 + , an NVIDIA 7800 256MB GTX , 2 sticks of Corsair 1GB 3200 DDR modules , and a Viewsonic 19 inch VP191b monitor . And with all that power , and with Quake 4 video settings cranked up to the highest settings ... it still was rough and mediocre looking !! However , the Quake series was never known for its stunning graphics and beauty . Mainly , I felt there was nothing hard to accomplish or figure out . Basically this game did not fill the 1st person shooter void within me . I am a huge fan of id software and have played every Doom or Quake title they ever released , when they were originally released . Yes , I have been playing computer games since my old Commodore 64 was delivered !!! This is just my opinion though . Download a demo version and give it a whirl but I doubt you will want to pay $ 50 for it.That said , I bet multiplayer on this will be a blast after some MODs are created and released . I have hosted 5 different lan parties for this game and we yawned through it until we gave up and switched over to Battlefield 2 or UT 2004 ! MUCH BETTER MP ACTION !!!! In summation - Enemy AI is lame , graphics are weak , a few cool `` factory '' scenes but no reason to go crazy for this title , gameplay is predictable , weapons are mediocre , limited interactive environment , nothing thrilling , exciting or shocking that will keep your tension levels cranked up to 11.Half-Life 2 , Battlefield 2 , UT 2004 , GTA
 I 've been anxiously waiting for Q4 to come out for about a year now , and now that I have it , and played it , I have to say that it 's nothing like I anticipated . First and foremost , if you want to play in Single Player mode , you are limited to playing a campaign , and just one campaign at that . Forget the concept of CTF , Free For All and Deathmatch - they simply do not exist unless you are in Multi-Player mode . And when you are in Multi-Player mode , you be playing the Q3TA maps ... so nothing new here.The graphics in Single player mode are pretty good ... better than that of Q3 for sure , especially with the animation.So this is my take on Q4
 Back in the mid to late 1990s two major Application Programming Interfaces managed to dominate the PC game scene - DirectX and OpenGL , so much so that graphics hardware developers like ATI and NVIDIA built hardware around these APIs . OpenGL seemed to enjoy a life with game developers who used Silicon Graphics workstations -LRB- SGI -RRB- to create models and animations for games and film . We could buy high-end OpenGL graphics cards that where up to 64mb back in the days when 8mb cards where mainstream . Even the Nintendo 64 built some of its architecture around OpenGL graphics . In the year 2004 the high end 256mb cards where quickly bought up to enjoy the power of games like `` Half-Life 2 '' and `` Doom 3 '' -LRB- in fact `` HL2 '' was the only reason for the upgrade -RRB- . `` Doom 3 '' is an OpenGL game and looked amazing . `` Half-Life 2 '' used DirectX 9 where previously Half-Life 1 offered both OpenGL and DirectX support . Because `` Doom3 '' was so dark it led many to wonder that if the game was brighter , would it reveal something questionable about the quality of modern OpenGL graphics ? `` Doom3 '' also had an option to use 512mb cards that have only been released in the autumn of 2005 . Valve 's choice not to support OpenGL further fuelled speculation that OpenGL may be badly lagging behind DirectX 9 . `` Quake 4 '' is confirmation of this problem ... and it is more serious than previously thought . `` Quake 4 '' is built on the `` Doom 3 '' engine . Since `` Doom 3 '' was mostly occupied with hiding you in dark places you never got to see the full quality of a brightly lit OpenGL first person shooter . Now that `` Quake 4 '' has had to come up with a sequel to `` Quake 3 '' , ID software handing over development to Raven software , the horrible truth has come to light . OpenGL is simply leagues behind DirectX 9 ... and we are talking a big difference here . `` Quake 4 '' offers absolutely no reflections . Instead we are still in the world of mapped reflections . Texture detail is the equivalent of `` Half-Life 1 '' . Polygon shapes are clearly visible even with every setting maxed out . Bump mapping is hardly visible . Steam and smoke is displayed as big successive blocks of floating transparent maps . Fire is `` Duke Nukem '' quality , fat orange blobs of quickly changing pixels . The shading and textures of the weapons look terrible . Again , no reflections on the guns , but we do have shadows . The facial expressions of your space marines are an attempt on matching `` F.E.A.R '' or `` Half-Life 2 '' but you must turn up the Anti-Aliasing to round them off . Sadly even on a high spec gfx card this results in an even lower fps . You are a space marine that must run through the alien enemy complex , usually to meet up with a special marine who you must bring back with you , or to defeat an enemy outpost . The enemy AI does not exist . Everything is scripted . The enemy , the Strogg , instead moves exactly the same , coming in waves of two or three and you can see them move like clones of each other , getting blasted up the same way and dying the same , every single time . Not good . Lighting looks extremely blurred and the sky background is just one big map that does not even move except for the odd ship that flies around the place . Even the PS2 has better graphics than `` Quake 4 '' which when on a PC at this quality begs the big question - what will the XBOX 360 have to offer if the PC version looks like a pre-millennium first person shooter ? This is terrible news for everyone . The Quake series has been ruined . Multiplayer is the same quality as Quake 3 . There is absolutely no need to upgrade . OpenGL is now officially dead ! Only `` Doom3 '' could mask its failure . Now we know why Valve did not support it . The XBOX 360 is faced with marketing a bad port to show off absolutely nothing that the 360s architecture can handle . Various tweak scripts have been released for `` Quake 4 '' on the internet . These seems to have a little bit of an effect on improving game play ever so slightly , but sadly do not help much . You simple ca n't get what is n't there and that is the bottom line . To add further trouble to the mess is the fact that these poor quality OpenGL graphics are so demanding that even high spec card users will find themselves turning off lots of features and running the game at a low resolution . That is why `` Doom 3 '' and `` Quake 4 '' have a 512mb option ... because it takes a juggernaut of a graphics card to actually round the graphics off and even then we are nowhere near looking at something as good as `` Half-Life 2 '' . Things are really that bad.As `` Quake 4 '' was duel released with `` F.E.A.R '' , a fully fledged DirectX 9 name , I would point gamers in the direction of that first person shooter instead and to also keep an eye out for `` Call of Duty 2 '' . OpenGL IS DEAD . QUAKE IS DEAD ! ... noooooooooooooooo !! Pros : - Absolutely NONE.Cons : - Shockingly sub-par graphics . - Poor graphics still demanding high end system specs - No enemy AI . - Nothing new . Same as `` Quake 3 '' - You must quit and restart the game every time for graphics settings to take effect . - Same price as better first person shooters out there . - It will break hearts .
 La saga Quake siempre a sido de las mejores y a pesar de ke fue saturada con la 3ra entrega , esta 4ta entrega concluye la trama original ke se vio en Quake 2 . Esta vez no estara uno solo , sino ke la potente AI de los NPC te ayudaran a sobrevivir y revelar la trama del juego hasta su `` final '' . Con las mismas graficas ke relucieron en Doom3 , Quake 4 se ve mejor aun .
 The controls are horrible for this game . I dont know who decision it was for the player to constantly control the camera while fighting at the same time . The grapics are good as well as the transforming but I wouldnt go near this game due to the controls .
 Could have been a fun GTA style game ... however the annoying camera just zoomed in way to frequently and just ruined the game for me ... I 'll never play it again . Now every time I look at other action games like this ... I 'm always worrying they 'll have a problem like this.I was so upset that there was no camera handling options . 1 star.Lesson learned ... read reviews or rent games first before buying .
 Many people like Wii because it is easy to play.This game is too difficult to control . I personally can not enjoy this title.Maybe some power users like it ; but I do n't .
 I rented this game and played as both an autobot and a decepticon for a mission or two . This was enough to occupy my time for roughly 20 minutes . By then , I was already completely bored with the game . For a game based on a property with such an innate cool factor , this game is excruciatingly dull . It really has little to hold one 's interest for more than a couple of minutes max . While playing , I just could n't seem to shake the `` been there done that '' vibe which seemed to permeate every aspect of the game . I also found myself constantly fighting with the psychotic in-game camera . The controls were likewise clunky and pointing at enemies with the Wii remote did n't seem to work half of the time . During a large part of the action , I could n't even see where I was going or who I was supposed to be fighting because my big lumbering oaf of a character was always in the way . Just like the movie upon which its based , this could 've been something great . Instead , it fails in almost every way .
 do not buy this ... the controls are so rediculous and its starts way too damm fast ...
 The game is fun , but very hard to contol and see what the transformer is doing . My kids cant play the game very well .
 This game as promise . I was a fan of the tv show and this looked like it might be a fan 's dream come true . The intro was very cool , and then the game started.The game looks pretty decent , and it 's pretty cool the way you can change forms at will . But that 's about where it stops . The camera angle is never where you want it and it 's hard to control . All of the forms I played were way underpowered . On the missions if you are off your mark even a little bit you might was well abandon and start over because you will fail . The controls are not smooth . It really seems like they rushed this out 1/2 way done.It 's very disappointing . I have tried multiple times and it 's just not fun after a very short amount of time . In checking the net I 've discovered that I 'm not alone in my frusteration . I managed to get through several of the small campaigns on the autobot and decepticon sides.I have been a console and on-line gamer for over 2 decades . My first console was an Atari ... before the 2600 . There were no cartrages , it had 6 games loaded on it and the controler was built into the console . I do n't think I have ever been this disappointed in a game . I gave this game to a friend because he was going to buy it . He says it 's not worth it even free.Save your money , do n't even bother renting it .
 My son is a HUGE transformers fan-loves anything that has to do with the brand , so I thought this was a no-brainer . He was very excited to get it , but after playing it once he never went back to it , much to my dismay.His complaint was the camera angle and how hard it was to navigate.He has a DS transformer game which he plays night and day.Too bad activision dropped the ball on this game .
 I 've been a fan of the Transformers for 30 years and looked forward to playing this game on my Wii system . This game had the potential to be awesome but was exactly the opposite . I 'm not a serious video game player but I have fundamental gaming skills with every system dating back to the Atari 2600 . I am a professional and a parent so I have little free time to myself and I do n't have time to waste playing crappy games . This game has some of the worst game-play action I 've ever experienced . I can only describe it as god-awful . Whatever effort the designers put into the camera feature was completely off the mark . The camera does not follow the player 's point of view at all . It will not change to the direction the player is looking without having to reset the camera by constantly using the - button . This is especially frustrating when the attack action gets intense . When transforming from vehicle to robot , the camera remains in vehicle view mode causing the player to be disoriented and makes it difficult to re-orient and address an attacker in a reasonable time . Attacks often come from behind and the poor camera action makes it very difficult to address these attacks . Picking up objects and throwing them accurately is also virtually impossible , even when `` target lock '' is engaged . There is no way to adjust the camera other than changing the camera 's sensitivity . The graphics also make it so that often times , you ca n't tell what direction your character is facing . This game is weak at best . The extremely poor player control makes completing even the simplest objectives very difficult . Do n't rent , do n't buy , and do n't waste your time with this game . Sorry Activision , you bricked hard on this one .
 The game will give some 7 and 8 year olds some ooh and ahh momements as they get to control some of the characters that they have seen in the various Transformer movies , but apart from that , it is really better rented , or bought as a used product .
 I loved the movie so what a disapointment the game was . Maybe I am just not smart enough to play , but between the dificult controls and the camera my advice would be to buy something else .
 This game graphic is good compared to other Wii games . I like the fighting scenes even though they 're short . It might be because I 'm not a hard cored gamer . However , the frustrating control makes this game boring after 2 missions . For example , while I was in a car form , I could not reverse ! I had to transform into the robot to go backward . While fighting , a lot of times I moved the Wii remote as instructed by the manual but I got no response!After playing it for 45 minutes , I gave up . I saved $ 27 dollars by renting it .
 If you were thinking about baldur 's gate like game this is not what you were looking for ! This game is titled as an RPG game but it is not ! The game provides a very limited RPG system -LRB- like myth 2 more or less -RRB- and it functions , looks like a -- strategy -- game and not like an RPG game . Altough there are heros they are very similar to the ` normal ' units . In addition the game is mission based -LRB- like a typical strategy game -RRB- and the only diffrecne between this game to a startegy game is the fact that your heros can gain XP points -LRB- and the quantity of those does n't change -RRB- . I have played 5 missions and they all were bascly the same . This game is a much RPG as myth and myth has better graphics and is a better buy then this . I would not buy this game .
 In Grand Theft Auto clone number one million , you control some gangster guy named Nick Kong who has a love for gorillas -LRB- hence his last name , Kong ! -RRB- . Mr. Kong steals cars . He shoots people . Nick Kong also does missions , and steals many ideas from the Grand Theft Auto series . In fact , if GTA was never around , this wouldent be either ! Thats how much of a creative game it is ! I would reccomend Grand Theft Auto clone number one million to people who liked Grand Theft Auto III , Vice City , and San Andreas and wanted to play a watered down version of those games . Happy playing .
 DO NOT , I repeat , DO NOT BUY THIS VERSION as GameStop will simply not send it or respond to emails asking for a status update .
 Bought the game last month -LRB- december of 2005 -RRB- , and I just tried to install it , everything looked good until the game said `` please upgrade sound drivers '' , so I did . When I restarted my computer my CD-drive was gone , said the drivers were corupted so I reloaded them , then my sound went , so I reloaded , and this process went on until i formatted the PC . Installed the game again , same thing ! Figured my computer was messed up , so I loaded it on another , same problem . Not sure what the problem is and I have grown tired of tring to get both UFO Aftershock and UFO Aftermath to work , I am planning on returning them to Cenega with a formal complaint . Good luck to anyone that wants to play it , do n't expect to much .
 I did sit in front of my pc with UFO Aftershock installed . I was exited ready to play the latest version of a game I really loved in the past and I did experience many exiting gaming hours with it . Nothing really happened . It was really disappointing the result because what I saw is nothing new . It is what we played years ago but in our days looks really poor . As a program it is very heavy and loading procedures really disturbing . The sound is good I must admit but with good sound only you ca n't have a good game.Once more I must say I was disappointed from the critics of the game magazines that give high scores -LRB- more than 80 % some of them -RRB- for a game that will not last in your computer for long . I wish I never had bought this game .
 This would be a fantastic game if the developers actually worked out the bugs . To date they have not , even with a 1.2 patch.The turn based strategy game had me hooked for months until I reached a point in the game where one of the many glitches meant I was unable to complete the mission . Upon reading associated forums , I could fix this problem if I restarted an earlier saved mission -LRB- 2 solid weeks worth -RRB- or emailed the saved game to the developers . I have been waiting two weeks for this ` fixed ' save game to be sent back . Really annoyed , by all accounts I was just one piece of research away from finishing . I have no faith in this software developer and consequently will never buy one of their products again .
 Nice graphics and good ragdoll physics do not make the game any more fun . It 's pretty good for a while but ultimately the player is just killing time as -LRB- s -RRB- he waits for the next plot point to unfold . The variety of weapons is okay and not as xenophillic as in the original , but really , it 's not as fun as the original X-Com . Moreover , it 's rife with all sorts of bugs and the nefarious StarForce copyright protection , so , -1 star for tech .
 Being an avid Xcom series fan , this game and the others in this line -LRB- UFO Aftermath and UFO Aftershock -RRB- were instant buys on my list . It is therefore incredibly frustrating and disappointing to actually experience the disaster that is Altair Interactive 's answer to Xcom . The first game in the series started slowly and then rapidly became a monotonous replay over and over of the same missions against the same monsters . Then I made the mistake of upgrading my video card . Instantly , my video was upside down and backwards . After many hours of suggested fixes and patches , the game went on the shelf of dead games . Phase 2 has been different but even more aggravating . Apparently , according to the `` explanation '' I have been given , there is some type of conflict between the game mechanics and any computer with multiple processors or Hyperthreading Tech . So the end result is literally hundreds of crashes to the desktop , save times that approach 1/4 hour , and more freeware fixes , suggestions , and patches that do nothing to fix the problem . In some cases the suggestions actually make the problem WORSE . Listen up fans ! If you are as desperate as I am to follow the Xcom theme , please save yourself the trouble and money . Wait for a company that is forward thinking to step out into realm to build a game that will actually play without all the extra crap to wade through .
 well i prefer aftershock then this one . the opening of the ugly anoying guy talking is sorta anoyance i would much rather have read it , and it kept on hitting problems after problems with bugs , one of which was anoying every time i moved the screen would flip out like crazy till they were done moveing , some times it would even freeze . i am sure it is ot like that for every one but on mine it was sorta after a day i just deleted it . i am sure it is a good game if you have a copy that does not screw up all the time
 Ghost Recon is a good game but in both Ghost Recon and Ghost Recon
 this was a cool game , but it was very hard.I think this game is not for childern 13 and under because its very very hard .
 I only got this game becasse it was so cheap . I was munibulated by its cheapness . Do n't get this game if you are like me
 I purchased this game to try out on my Xbox Live and I was almost angry at how dumb the game was . If you actually find somebody that plays this game online , it 's still not any fun . I am not a follower of the Tom Clancy series -LRB- with the exception of Splinter Cell , Chaos Theory was awesome -RRB- , and though I never tried the single player aspect , this game was a complete let-down . Do not waste your time and money on this game , I ca n't believe those people who rated this game higher than 2 stars ...
 Is the game flawed ? Yes . Should you buy it ? That depends on your patience and willingness to work around a good game with poor or non-existent human interface testing . Basically if you do anything the game programmers did not anticipate , and they do seem narrow minded , the game will spend several minutes trying to resolve the new situation and it will either A. -RRB- be successful , B. -RRB- Hang completely , or C. -RRB- Give you the reboot screen . Unfortunately -LRB- B -RRB- and -LRB- C -RRB- happen with much morefrequency than -LRB- A -RRB- . Working around the problem -LRB- S -RRB- is fairly simple .1 . -RRB- Save after the completion of any/every mission objective . Only do this when the squads are inactive . In other words do n't start them towards their next objective and then save .2 . -RRB- Do n't switch weapons while the enemy is engaged . This almost always guarantees some form of stop . Switch to the alternative weapon before the engagement begins . You 'll know when to do this because you had to restart when you needed it.The question becomes one of is this game worth the trouble to manage the errors . It really has a good story , interesting situations , good graphics , etc. . Medal of Honor Rising Sun wo n't be out for awhile , it may keep you busy while your waiting . It is kind of interesting to see how many minutes you can go without upsetting the program . I 'm currently at 29 minutes . I suspect that if you play it exactly right , the way the developers anticipated , you can get through the thing without a crash , but I lack the time or interest to test the theory.Rent it before buying or check ebay/amazon for used versions . I 'm sure there will be many that rival rental prices .
 The gameplay and graphics are great ! BUT the amount of missions is weak . In the campaign mode there are only like 8 missions . The first one had a lot more missions to complete , and it had a lot more stuff to open up by completing different missions in your dossier . I 'm sure it is good if you have the xbox live , but if you do n't have it , it is really easy . I beat all the missions on elite the first time through , so it took me like an hour and a half to beat the whole game . Good to rent but would n't recommend buying it .
 This game looked really cool and was about Army Special Forces so I bought it to give Socom 2 a little break . So I take it home and as many know online is always better than single player so I hook it up on xbox live . The first thing I did n't like was the slow movement in the strafing , side to side . Here is the killer though , I did n't play the game long enough to find out if the whole online was respawn , if it is this is the dumbest shooter game I have ever played online . While I was playing all the other team did was camp at my respawn and shoot me in the back !! The majority of my time played was spent respawning . I am only going to say this once and I am only going to say this once , if you want to play online just rent the game to find out you do n't like it but make sure you rent the game to find out if it is for you . As for me , I will stick to Socom 2 .
 Ok game with amazing graphics . In ghost recon you kill kill and kill thats it . kinda boring . The multi player sucks . A must get game is rainbow six three . Best game ever for online . During missions you can talk to your computer team and give them commands through a xbox live communicator .
 What a shame that 's all I can say . This could have been a really good game , but even worse than the original ghost recon , this game will literally crash several times each mission , and the only way to get through a mission is to constantly save each step along the way ... making the game an incredible headache . I had hoped I had just bought a dud copy , but the rental I made to compare games was just as bad.Why is this game like this . Because the people who wrote the code for the game were sloppy and the game was released before a decent , clean bug free code was written for it . Obviously someone wanted to make some quick money and ended up churning out a lousy game.A shame because this as well as the first version would be very fun to play if you could get anywhere without having to continually restart the xbox.The graphics are not super magnificent , nor is this game worth the cost . For a game with half as many missions as the first one , you would think they would charge less than almost full cost , like maybe half price for half the game ????? The first game , though crashed alot , though not as much , at least had some character and a good story line . This game is exactly the same thing based in Cuba , trying to stabilize the country after Castro had died . It is hard for this game to keep your interest -LRB- especially when you have to keep restarting it -RRB- . In summary
 I have played so many military , espionnage , anti-terrorists games and this one is the worst of them all . I do n't know how Boomer , Jester and Spectre passed the SEALs ' BUDs . These guys are strategically and tactically the most stupidest SEALs I have ever seen . They can not think by themselves nor fight like a SEAL . This game is only good for the online gaming but no good at all for playing the missions solo .
 On the bright side the environment 's graphics are detailed and clear . Plus , the SEAL operators look great . The before and after mission movies are great , as well . Thus , the 2 stars for the overall game 's look.Problem # 1 - the missions are all wrong . FAR to linear andyou ca n't adapt anything . You have to go through such and suchpoint to get into an area while there will be a far better position you can use and when you try to do this , the game will automatically fail the mission . Huh ?!? This game is suppose tobe the most realistic game out there but , one of , if not , THEmain parameter of Spec War is left out . The operators dictate themission , not the intel guys . While the main mission goal may be set by the powers that be , it is up to the actual warriors to come up with the tactics , plan , etc. to make it happen.Problem # 2 - the AI . Team members do n't even see obvious enemys , face walls while covering -LRB- !!!! -RRB- , and my personal favorite , SEALsget stuck in walls , fences , or just get lost . There 's nothing like a near perfect mission -LRB- a rarity -RRB- and all the sudden Wardogor whomever gets stuck on a ladder and ca n't move on .
 This review refers strictly to the single player mode of this title . I ca n't believe this game was play tested by human beings and then allowed on the market ! The A.I. of your teammates is appalling , the enemy A.I. is uneven throughout the game . Either they see & hit everything or nothing . The manual aim controls are slow and choppy no matter how many ways you set the controls . The levels can be long and complicated but the game has no checkpoints or in game saves thus leading to mind numbing repetition of the same level if you or your moron teammates screw up at any point . These are big problems which ruin this much hyped and way overly rated PS2 title . I could n't recommend this game to my worst enemy but mostly I ca n't believe a company could release this game with so many glaring flaws .
 i 'm a big fan of military and FPS -LRB- well this one is 3rd person , anyway -RRB- games . this is the worst squad game i 've ever played . your teammates do not react as a real human would
 The game `` SOCOM U.S. Navy Seals -LRB- No Headset -RRB- is a terrible game to play . Its impossible to beat . Even the best gamer could n't beat it , its that hard to play . You ca n't even beat the 1st level unless you have a spell on you . Which ca n't even be ture .
 This is probably the worst squad-based military game I have ever played . i bought it right after it came out and was immediately disappointed . The graphics are decent , but the AI is atrocious . Squadmates just stand up in the middle of a field and start pointing at the enemies . They do not hide when patrols are near you , nor do they cover you when you are doing recon on enemy positions . The worst thing that could ever happen in a video game of this type happened to me . I was standing on top of the extraction point at the end of a mission with the people I had rescued . There was only one way up to the top of this rock that I was on , and I was covering it with my weapon . Before the helicopter could come and pick us up , an enemy terrorist appears out of NOWHERE from behind me and kills me . I turned the game off and sold it immediately . Have never played since , nor will I ever.If you like squad based games , avoid this one like it is an infectious disease . Pick up Star Wars Republic Commando instead . That is how squad-based action is supposed to be done.SOCOM Navy Seals = Trash heap
 this game simulates what it might feel like to reallt be in the army and fight against alott of other nations !!!!! Buy this game now
 The game it self is pretty neat too look at looks very 3-d and i really appreciated the original thought put into it . But the game it self totally had no substance . the story was boring the aiming is way too damn hard to be a simple game . I loved the way it looked but other than looks the game supplies nothing . I wouldnt of gave it any stars Had the graphics not looked so cool!Side note to designers Make a game where the bodies dont disipear after you kill sombody !!! that totally ruins a game !!!
 Just why video-game designers love amnesiac main characters , I have no idea . Maybe they can never dream up more creative ways of generating suspense and mystery other than the ol' `` Who am I ? '' XIII 's main character is so devoid of colour , so boringly voiced and humourless , that even if the game itself were fun , the very fact that you have to play as an utter nerd for a main character just cripples the experience.But this game is n't fun , either . Half of this game is an example of just how horribly wrong a stealth game can be when the elements are n't right.As a shooter this game fares somewhat better , but not much more . Enemies strafe even faster than you and reloading takes forever , and their shots are so accurate that taking cover does n't really help . This game is also extremely stingy about giving you ammo -LRB- an average enemy drops maybe two shotgun shells and 10-20 bullets -RRB- . Frustrating , but at least there 's action . The stealth part , on the other hand , is plain garbage for a couple of reasons : - Who came up with the idea of helmets ? I ca n't remember another single stealth game where a headshot does n't kill an enemy . In fact , the very concept of stealth games is impossible without headshot kills -- unless you have alternate methods of distracting or killing the enemy -LRB- Metal Gear Solid 's choke/neck-break and noise distractions , for example -RRB- . - I do n't know where main character `` Number XIII '' learned how to shoot , because even un-helmeted enemies seldom die with a headshot . I 've tested this by activating an invincibility cheat code , walking straight up to an enemy , and blasting him in the face . Nope , still alive and kicking . - No radar . The `` sixth sense '' in this game which is supposed to replace this basic function is useless , because it tells you where enemies are by means of the `` tap , tap '' of approaching footsteps . Which means you wo n't be able to spot an enemy who 's a foot to your right , just offscreen . - When special events occur , they use a `` window-in-window '' technique which is interesting visually -LRB- a comic-book device -RRB- , but unhelpful to the player . You do n't know where these events take place in relation to your current location . And sometimes , you hear an important conversation that 's somewhere in your vicinity , but the game does n't tell you where it 's coming from.Give me No One Lives Forever anyday , if first-person stealth/action shooters are your thing . Cate Archer can kick `` Number XIII '' 's butt any day , and say more interesting things along the way . I bought XIII from the bargain bin and wish I 'd gotten myself a nice dinner instead . Worth maybe five dollars , no more , and even then , I 'd sell it the minute I finish it .
 i think that that it 's low tech . It looks like your hitting people with paint and whats the deal with `` NNNNNNNNOOOOOOOO '' when you get hit
 Thought I had all the power I needed to install and play XIII . Make sure you can play 32 bit games . Save your money if your not sure and stick with Half-Life . UBISOFT 's technical writers need to include everything.My computer is fairly new so I guess I can return it or squirrel it away to play years from now on a new computer .
 I personally finished the game . The graphic is ??? different people have different taste , I wont go there . the control is bad , as matter of fact all FTPs are bad on gamepads . The game uses check point system , which mean u die , u do eveything again , pointless and lame.The ending was the worst part
 I didnt like it at all ... It had no pont to it ! ... the grafics was good but i hated the grafics of the people !
 When I saw ads in magazines and commercials for Ape Escape 2 , I knew that this game would be fun and cute . Well , I was only right about one thing
 There was a hint of brillence in the first ape escape that you could really admire . The game tested you in many catagories , and in the end , you were a better gamer than before . But that was five years ago , and it seems that gamming standards have fallen greatly.I think the biggest creative mistake the developers made was waiting so long to create a true sequal to the debute title . I mean think about it . The first game was made almost 5 years ago now , meaning the audience it was aimed for at the time is older now . If they had raised the E rating to T , it would have given the game a lot more potential for a more exciting and creative plot . It 's safe to say that the ` original ' fans of ape escape were pretty shocked when they played this game . You can really tell which of the reviewers on the cite played the first game and which ones did n't . This game pretty much alienates it 's former fans with childlish dialog and way too easy gameplay.As for the characters , you ca n't really be satified with any of them . With stereotypes of your everday after-school anime shows , this game really disapoints you . And no matter what some reviewers say , this `` jimmy '' is Ash from pokemon . Whoever said it was n't , is beeing mistaken by the replacement voice over that the pokemon series used in later seasons . But that aside , it 's really annoying , and I liked the original characters more.Even with all the flaws that this game so readily displays , there is one fact that you can not ignore . The graphics have without a doubt gotten much better . But obviously that was n't enough to cancel out the rest of this games problems.Even tho stories do n't really matter in games like this , this story pretty much annoys you to the core . Sure it was sorta cute at first to see specter in the opening scene , but if it werent for that , the story would be flat out lame.Well as you can tell , from my point of view , this game wash incredibly dissapointing . I do n't think I 'll ever think about ape escape the same again . It went from the coolest game ever , to the coolest game ever with the stupidest sequal . It 's just amazing how many flaws this game had , campared to how awesome the first game was . After you beat the first game , you truly feel like you 've accomplished something by beating such a difficult game . But when you beat the sequal , you feel as if you 've finally completed some tedious never-ending chore.Yes , many things went terribly wrong in the creation of this sequal , but you can never destroy the classics and that is a relief ! But if you wo n't take my word , and the word of all the other ` original ' fans , play this game and wittness the horror yourself .
 first of all , i am german , so please excuse my bad english.at the beginning , i liked the game , even though it did ` nt reach the first part . in some levels , it 's not realy easy to play and i got frustrated sometimes . but mostly the `` big monkeys '' appearing every now and then are making me sick , specially spector . me and my whole family tried to beat him for a very long time , and this is just disappointing!stay away from this game , it 's not worth the money , you spend for it !!!
 I was a major fan of the first Ape Escape released for Playstation ... it is still one of my favorite games . However , when I rented Ape Escape 2 and played it , I was dissapointed !! Although the graphics are better , and the levels are er , slightly bigger ? , the game is WAY too easy . It 's not very fun to play . The monkeys just kinda run around in circles until you catch them ... and they 're VERY easy to find . The levels LOOK nice , but they 're nothing better than the original ones . Also , the main character us annoying . His voice HAS to be the voice of Ash from Pokemon ... it 's horrible . The gadgets remain the same , but I swear the whirly-thingy dos n't go as high ... I guess this game would be better for younger kids -LRB- 10-13 -RRB- and not older ones -LRB- 14 and older -RRB- . It 's hard to make a sequel live up to the original game , I know , but still ... If you liked the first one , you may or may not like this one .
 It 's very hard to find a way to express just how dissapointed and sad I was when I played this game . I mean , how can the words ` ape escape ' and ` stupid ' possibly go in the same sentence ?! Well I 'm sorry to say they do . The first game was so awesome . Sure the graphics are n't good anymore , but at the time they were . The gameplay , the characters , the levels were just plain better than in the sequel . The second one just makes me sick . From yellow monkeys to Jimmy saying that he 's gon na spank Spector , the game was just plain DISGUSTING . Sure the music was alright , but the opening theme to the first one just sticks with you . The new one is n't catchy at all . Sigh , with a maximum of only 1,000 words , I never be able to say everything that whent wrong with this game . What were those developers thinking ?! The absolute only thing that I will give this game credit for were the nice updated graphics . But you ca n't hold a game together with only graphics . i just ca n't stand seeing one of my very favorite games disgraced like this . The era of great games is over . Now all you can hope for is childish sequals . They need to read their customer reviews over in Japan , and realize what they 're doing to their classics . Or I 'm afraid that the real Ape Escape will be dead forever.If you loved the original Ape Escape as much as I did , PLEASE listen to me !! DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME !!!!
 In shooter games like this I like to use the left stick to aim and the right stick to walk . This game has no such setting making it unplayable for a lefty like myself ! BOO !
 I used Atom Man as an example because if you have no idea who this guy is you realize he added nothing to the comic book world . The game XIII adds nothing to the video game world . The concept of comic book style with a video game is interesting though not a first . I 'm sure I 'm not the only one that wonders to myself , `` Hey I bought an XBox to play ultra realistic , high graphic powered games . What 's up with cell shades ? '' Well my friend , I have the answer ... David Duchovny ! They needed to pay this `` high talent '' actor so much money to make this game that they ran out of funds to produce a graphic masterpiece . And let us also ponder , how much talking does good ole Dave actually do ? It makes you wonder how much they paid Eve or Mary J Blige or Missy Elliot or whoever plays the girl , who is no Jennifer Lopez when it comes to acting . That 's not a compliment to either . Anyway , the concept of cell shading was different , but not great , and yes , I know that it fits with the comic book style . The story was terrible and I found myself just wanting to get to the end just to bring it back to the video store . I 'm done with this one . Rent it if you can .
 I have n't played this yet and so I ca n't comment on it 's gameplay or graphics , but after reading the description of this game a few times already , may I ask what -LRB- if anything -RRB- about this story is original ? It seems to copy the plot of the `` Bourne Identity '' movie with Matthew Damon exactly . That 's not a bad thing , I suppose , since Borne Identity did n't get a game conversion of it 's own , but I would prefer that they simply bought the rights and made a Bourne ' game outright , rather than creating what is likely to appear as a rip-off of the film .
 This CD of XP Games can omly be described as a major rip off . After loading , it asked which language I preferred . Clicking on English resulted in the game purchase ads written in German and the trial game began in German . Please do n't waste your money ! You still have to buy the game at various prices after a trial use of 30 days , along with a gift for languages or a good English/German dictionary .
 the game disk is full of demos with time limitsthis is a BIG DURN RIPPPP OFFthought amazon watched their sellers betterthey lost me and quite a few other customers with the negative aspect of their adsi can not trust them
 RIP-OFF , RIP-OFF , RIP-OFF . This game is nothing but a bunch of shareware programs with either # of play limits or time limits ... and ... I have a brand new computer in perfect condition and this program has caused it to go into the BLUE SCREEN OF DEATH OR SHUT DOWN 3 TIMES NOW while this disc was running . No other CD has ever caused that before.I have deposited GAMESOFT 'S 101 GREATEST XP RIP-OFF GAMES into the garbage . You want a good experience , than get HOYLE 'S . I got their Board , Casino and Card Games and am well pleased . Any games from Hoyle is always a sure bet ... excuse the pun .
 Totally frustrated with the lack of games for Windows XP ! If I would have known how few games you can get for it I would have never bought the computer . I only can find one game package through Gateway , and I never play them . I am so glad I read the review on this one ! When I saw how many games , I figured it was a rip off ! Thank you !
 This was the first racing simulation I tried in many years . At first it was quite enjoyable just to be racing in a `` modern '' F1 machine , particularly nice to be able to race some of the tracks as the F1 circus travels to them . Views , replays etc. are all fairly well done and easy to access . Somwhat disappointing to see Jacques Villeneuve referred to only as `` Williams Driver '' . My main problem with this game is that the game action lacks subtelty and realism . For some of the more sophisticated racing sims -LRB- e.g. GPL , F12000 -RRB- it is possible to put your car right on the fine line between cornering and spinning , and you can actually feel the car drift through the corners as you try to maintain grip . As you get more experienced with those games this becomes the major challenge and interest in the game . With Official Formula One Racing however , you get a boolean grip/no grip situation when cornering , and once you start to spin there is nothing you can do about it.If you just want an arcade game to blast around corners with then this might be OK for you , but if you are looking for a racing game that more closely simulates the real thing then I would suggest either GPL or F12000 instead .
 Good while it lasted . Played with it for a little while and then traded for a different game . The game itself is good . Some children like to only play with it for a little bit a then it seems to get old to them .
 Ninja Turtle games are generally fun ; but this game is n't . I bought 2 copies hoping to try out some multiplayer action with my PSPs . However , the multiplayer action is virtually non-existent and is just a side game.Unfortunately , I did n't read the reviews beforehand but there is still hope for you.See for yourself
 I really wanted Once Upon a Knight to be a great game . I love RPGs and I love strategy games . This seemed like the perfect combination of genres , with cow-humor too ! Unfortunately , it fell short.First , some of the good points . The graphics are really impressive , sort of a cross between Black & White , WarCraft III and Nox . You have water with reflections , waving trees , very detailed friends and enemies.Gameplay is also very much a cross between Nox and WarCraft III . There 's a strategy game where you go around gathering weapons and armor , watching your health and killing the bad guys . There 's also a RPG game where you ... go around gathering weapons and armor , watching your health and killing the bad guys - while gaining experience . The maps and story are pretty much the same.The cut scenes have amazingly well done graphics which add to gameplay . The sound is quite good when it works properly , and there are little touches that show a sense of humor behind the scenes.With all of these things going for the game , it should have been one I LOVED . This is about perfect for my interests . But despite trying several times to get into enjoying this game , each time I walked away in frustration and anger . How could the game suck so badly ?? First off , whoever QAed this game did a pretty bad job . My machine here is a 3 GHz machine with a great video card , 1 gig RAM and plays hundreds of games without a glitch . When I put Once Upon a Knight on it , the game CRAWLED and mouse movement was incredibly jerky . I had to crank down all settings and put the resolution at one too low for my monitor to draw well to get it to play even reasonably . Even so , there was mouse lag and jerky video . This problem was even worse on other machines I tried it on - all between 2 GHz and 3 GHz.Next , the game just was n't very involving at all . There are so many games I 've played - Dungeon Siege , Diablo , Baldur 's Gate , etc. - where the story and gameplay drew me in and I was really interested in continuing to play . I would stay up all night to get to another level . With Once Upon a Knight , I had to force myself to keep plodding forward . It just did n't seem interesting at all.I have been a member of the SCA for years and love medieval stories and activities . But the incessant ' I mustest telleth thee why thee musteth goeth on a questeth ' was bordering on torture . ` Archaic speech ' works really well in some contexts - but they did it so incredibly poorly , misusing parts of speech and using poor grammar to boot - that it was like trying to read L337 SP33CH to play a game.The default settings for the game added to its unplayability . They start with dialogue boxes off - but the dialogue is poorly done and half the time you ca n't tell what the people are saying . Plus the default music volume drowns out the speech . I 've already mentioned what the default graphics settings do to gameplay.It seems like such an incredible shame to me , that a basic idea that was so great , combined with graphics that had such potential , ended up combining to create a game that was so unenjoyable . It really is a prime example how having a great foundation in a game means nothing if plot , QA and testing are n't done well . Having brilliant reflections in water are fine , but if you have no incentive to walk the landscape , they 'll never be seen .
 The game installed and ran smoothly on my 2.7 Gig machine . The only slowdowns were during the Autosaves . Graphics are decent if not spectacular and the manual is complete and well written.Having said that , the game is boring as heck . The campaign is linear , with little choice about what to do or where to go next . As someone else mentioned , the horribly mangled Elizebethian dialect would get you thrown out of most Ren Faires . Combat options are limited to
 It 's not the laptop 's fault . It 's that this game is so aggravating . It 's a cute premise , and I held out hope for it.The campaign was ok . As others have said , it 's pretty linear , and gets dull after a while.The RPG section was ok while I was playing a male character . When I changed to playing a female character , it was like being drop-kicked into the middle of Frat Row on Beer Bash night while wearing a miniskirt . My female character gets hit on , gets stupid things said to her , says really stupid things -LRB- gawd-awful ` thou ' lingo not counted -RRB- , and it gets old , fast.Not to mention that the game messages were not looked over by anyone who had a native-level grasp of the English language . It was charming at first , now it 's just obnoxious . If you 're looking for a time-killer , this could possibly be ok . Be warned though , your blood pressure may rise .
 I was excited to see the next step in the evolution of the real-time war strategy type game pioneered by the famous Dune II . True 3D within the game allows for simple free camera control , and a great deal of freedom in vehicle design and evolution provides fertile ground for fun times . So why does this game fail so miserably ? For one , it seems nearly impossible to get into the game . Even though I 've played this genre of game for many years , in many incarnations , I found this game to be very difficult to handle deftly ... mostly because of the horrible introduction and tutorial.The tutorial drops you into a fairly familar scenario ... starting from scratch , you begin manufacturing some basic facilities , harvesting materials , and creating defenses . The ideas behind these tutorials is to introduce the basic commands and concepts a step at a time ... but the lessons come in unwieldy chunks . You 're given a window that tells you to do A by pressing B , clicking C , selecting D , and rotating E. Followed by F , G , H , etc. . . and so on ... all on one window that disappears as soon as you start to do these things . And it only gets worse when you start the game.The standard progression for this type of game -LRB- ala Warcraft , Dune II , C&C , etc. -RRB- is to start you with a simple scenario , and lead you through increasingly complex situations , teaching you a few items at a time . Apparently , this is not good enough for The Moon Project . Starting the `` United '' campaign , you 're given what seems like a straightforward mission ... to get two robots from one base to another , and to mine a large amount of ore . But after you get your robots to the surface , you discover that you have 3 different bases of various sizes on a huge map , covered with various types of buildings that you 've never seen , both above and below ground . While you 're trying to figure out where you 're supposed to be going , you 're told that there are two enemy bases out there , and not long after they begin an endless series of sorties on your central base , attacking from all sides . So if your idea of fun is trying to figure out how to defend an outgunned base , from 2 different enemies who are pounding you from all sides , while you 're trying to manuver 10s of different robots into their correct positions , all while trying to figure out the mechanics of a complex game ... maybe you 'll have some fun.On top of this , when your robots eventually die , the game calls you a `` dummy '' for letting them die , and exits the game completely , forcing you to restart the game from the desktop ... a several minute process . I submit that this is a feature in disguise , giving you a good excuse to do something more productive with your time.Ultimately , the game leaves one with the conclusion that the game designers had a lot of ideas and put them all in this game without ever bothering to run it by game players to gauge a reaction . Too many aspects of this game just leave you with either clenched fists , or shaking your head either in sadness or confusion . With so many successful examples in the genre to build upon , many of these issues could have easily been avoided.Thumbs down , down , down .
 I 'm a big fan of the Command and Conquer Series , and in case you are wondering this game is nothing like a C&C game . As another reviewer wrote below in accurate detail , I found this game to be confusing and very slow moving .
 The moon project looks very pretty . It uses this scheme to lure innocent gamers into what it a ponderous , confusing , and frustrating disaster of an RTS.The controls reverse everything you expect in an RTS , which leads to many misclicks and frustrations . On the tutorial , I accidentally skipped one instruction box , and I could n't figure out how to make units.The game is dull . Extremely dull . Almost all the groundunits are some kind of truck or tank , and all look almost identical . To produce units at all , you need 4 different buildings and 2 different kinds of units . There 's a unit designed for the sole purpose of lugging resource bricks from the Mining building to the Processing building . Everything takes about twice as long as it should to build , resulting in long periods of waiting.Conclusion
 This product is only good if you wish to play a game , but not if you realy want to get somehelp in picking numbers for a lottery . The discription given for this product is wrong as there is no way that it allows you to see what the results are from checking the results of the previous winning numbers . It is not worth the money to buy .
 Whats with all the bugs ??? That is what I said when I tried to play this game , I love myst 1 and 2 , but I think something went wrong with this one .
 I was anxious to get this new game as I loved Myst1 and Riven , but now that I have Myst3 I am thoroughly disappointed . The game can not run because I have an `` Intel-based chipset '' . Gee , I wonder if others have one too ??? The technical support website -LRB- the phone line , of course , is not open during weekend hours when everyone is trying to play the game -RRB- says that a patch will be available shortly -LRB- no estimated date given -RRB- and users should not return the product . I am going to give them one week before I insist on getting my money back . I noticed multiple patches for their other products on their websites . Obviously , this company does not test their products well before release . I agree with another critic that after almost 10 years of Win95 based games and thousands of game releases , why ca n't you get a game as popular as this one right before mass release . Others seem to have had a good experience once they got the game running , but that does not excuse the company from producing such bad software . Creativity is one thing , but the darn thing has to work for the average user . I may end up playing this game one day , but regardless of how good it is eventually my user experience can be summed up with two words ... IT STINKS !
 First purchase of the game was defective , and second purchase did install , but crashed , then would n't reinstall . Their tech support is a long distance call with about 15 minutes of wait time only to talk to a tech who doesnt have a clue . These companies must stop selling beta versions of their software to the public . Never purchase UBI again .
 Although I thoroughly enjoyed both Myst and Riven , Exile has been a monumental disappointment . Myst and Riven set the bar much too high and Exile simply pales in comparison . From a technical perspective I found the constant interchanging of the four CD-ROMs extraordinarily obnoxious , which detracted from the game play . The puzzles were challenging , but navigating the landscapes and solving the puzzles often required good fortune , not skill . Additionally , the soundtrack did not boast the same mesmerizing power of its predecessors , which detracted from any ability to create ambience throughout the surrealistic ages . A highlight was the ability to view your surroundings in a 360-degree nature , which has been a major improvement over Myst and Riven . However , this was not enough of an upgrade that warrants a recommendation . Save your dough or wait until you can purchase the software from an auction site for pennies on the dollar .
 As a big fan of Myst and Riven , I was excited to buy this game . I would be more excited if I were actually able to play it . I found that the game crashed constantly . I have spent hour upon hour trying to get my system in perfect alignment with the planets as decreed by Ubisoft ; I had no trouble installing and playing Myst and Riven . Though the technical requirements listed in the User 's Guide clearly state that a 3D video card is optional , Ubisoft technical support , answering an email after two weeks rather than the promised 24 hours , told me that in order to play the game I would have to purchase a new 3D video card . Uh , no thanks . I just wo n't buy any more of your products .
 I wish i could say I was satisifed with this product , but I advise those of you that run HP computers , or any computer with an intel chipset to wait , because there is still a large bug problem with it . I 'm sure the game will be very much worth waiting for , once they fix it , but even the company is n't sure when they 'll get it fixed , they keep pushing the date back . So I do n't say `` Do n't buy it '' I say , wait till they get the patches out ... and then buy it unless you 're sure it 'll run on your system .
 I had only been playing the game for a few minutes when I got dizzy and had to stand over the toilet until the feeling of nausea left and I stopped feeling like I was going to blow my lunch out of this world . I played Myst and I thought it was really good . I tryed to play Riven but I coud n't get it to start , so i skipped ahead to Myst Exile . The way your cursor moves in the game sort of gives you the illusion that the screen is concave and the way you move about made me get motion sickness and i am fine on roller coasters . Though my stomach could n't take it i will admit that the graphics are pretty good and plot line made sense and the concept of going to the other worlds is pretty cool . If you think you can stand it then i would recomend it .
 Had they started with this installment , the Myst series never would have gotten off the ground . While the 360 free-look engine is really nice , it is absolutely the only thing to recommend this game . The first episode was simply a revelation . Riven gave us an incredible integration of narrative and truly environmental puzzles . Exile adds nothing but the latest technology . It 's a poor imitation made without vision or inspiration .
 This is a good game except for one fatal flaw . A white screen -LRB- not blue -RRB- And an error message that says `` M3 % 3 ! .04 x ! : % 4 ! . '' and deletes data from your hard drive distroying everything except three files one BGCDC.ICF and some strange symbols . DO NOT GET THIS GAME . I tried to contact tech support but got no response .
 Myst 3 is , I think , the hardest and most frustrating game I have seen in my life . NO REACTION is the main aspect of the game . The game does not give any clue about the function of elements . The pseudo-3D gaming interface is confusing , and the graphics are not adapted for a LCD screen . Many places appear dark , for example in Anateria . LCD screens are more and more widely-used , and many people , including me , have no room for a CRT . When everything is dark , this shows that the game does not exploit all the color space offered by the monitor , which is annoyingly bad.Many times I try to move somewhere I think I could could , nothing happens . I sometimes have to click many times at many places to be able to move.In continuity with Myst and Riven , there are plenty of almost unreadable hand-written journals that bring almost nothing to help solving puzzles . I do not care at all about the mental process Atrus went through to design Releishan . All I want to know is how to find back this damned linking book , and for this , I have to go through three Ages , Anateria , Voltaic and Edana.Music and sound are good but totally helpless for finding clues . In many cases , for example the vibrating ring in Anateria , sound is omnidirectional while directed sound could allow for finding the source of the noise . The designer of the game may have assumed that most people have no 3D-capable sound card . However , there is more people equipped with 3D sound cards than people with 3D graphic cards , and nowadays , any sound card can do DirectSound3D.It seems that the game hardly depends on a third-party hint book . This hint book should be included with the game , at least in PdF version.In conclusion , great graphics , great music , great sound , but very bad and annoying game play . I am considering about giving up before ending the game .
 I am a fan of Myst and Riven , and was excited when Exile came out . Unfortunately , that was short lived right after installation . Unlike Myst or Riven , for which I had no problems , Exile did nothing but crash my computer . The only way I could get my computer back to normal was to uninstall Exile . I wanted to play the game , not spend hours on a phone or chase emails for possible solutions with Tech support . My computer is a Sony Vaio , pentium III , 500mhz , with plenty of speed that has no problem running all my other software . I decided to skip the frustration and return Exile . I owned it for all of two hours .
 Beware of the lovely packaging on this game ... I 've owned this game for 2 weeks now and have yet to be able to run it . The manipulations have included downloading Ubisoft 's 1.2 game patch and discovering the patch itself wo n't run . I 'm no computer pro but with Myst and Riven I was able to set up my computer to deal with game quirks . This software seems to be at an entire different level of poor software design especially for a game that 's pitched to the masses . Buy something else or play Riven or Myst again .
 AFTER TRYING UNSUCCESSFULLY TO GET THIS DANG THING TO LOAD I TOOK THE DISCS OUT BACK AND USED 'EM FER TARGET PRACTICE . SEEING THEM SHATTER INTO HUNDREDS OF PIECES DID FINALLY PUT A SMILE ON THIS ` OL FACE . DO N'T BUY IT .
 I loved MIST & RIVEN and could n't get MYST III fast enough . After years in the software business I should have known better than to purchase version 1.0 . If you have a MAC , I suggest you wait several months , years ? until Ubisoft corrects all of their problems . For now , I am stuck with a game that is unplayable due to visable grid lines , very jumpy mouse control and choppy speech . Ubisoft answered my email saying that they will get back to me in 24 hours . That was 10 days ago and I am still waiting . I hope ... will return my money .
 It is 5/8/0l & I have had my Collector 's Edition for 6 hours , since 2:30 pm PST . Have I been able to play it yet ? No . All I have been able to do is listen to Atrus 's intro -LRB- remember Riven ? -RRB- & have Catherine tell me he is n't here & wait in the study . Why ? Because this game is full of bugs . I tried installing the `` typical install '' & the `` full install '' - nothing but problems . I start the game , using Disc 1 , it ejects the disc , & then it says `` insert disc 1 '' - so I insert it again & it hangs - it goes off into neverneverland . Finally I found a comment on Ubi Soft 's website that said oh yeah , that 's a problem , you need to reassign your cd drive to a letter H or lower & we 're working on fixing it . Great . The site also lists other problems that are on their fix-it list . But they do n't say when . The game also locks up my kernel , forcing me to power-off my PC . And then there are the DLL files and the JPEG files it ca n't find , which when it ca n't find them it simple closes the game . Poof . Oh yeah , I 've tried using it on my dvd-rom , cd-rom , & cdrw-rom - same problems with all 3 drives.Does anyone know how to return the Collector 's Edition & get their money back ?
 Purchased Myst Exile in May - installed immediately but when tried to play , it resulted in a `` dump '' . Wrote Ubisoft - now 4 times and unable to obtain ANY support.The only thing I get is : Your question has been received . You should expect a response from us as soon as possible -LRB- usually within 72 hours -RRB- . After 4 months I do n't believe the 72 hours any more.Gave 1 star - but I do n't feel I 'm able to rate the program at all - it just does n't work !
 I 've had Myst III for over a month and have been unable to get it to run properly . My PC exceeds the requirements stated on the box . I have an AMD K6 3D 400 mghz processor , 160 mb ram , ATI XPERT 128 RAGE PRO video card and Sound Blaster LIVE ! XGamer 5.1 . All of this is far in excess of the requirements , and it still is not playable.And I am not the only one . There are thousands of messages on forums across the internet complaining of similar problems . Half the reviews here on Amazon.com are negative for the same reasons . Tech support has been decidedly poor . It takes days to get a response saying they are working on the problem , oh and by-the-way you need to upgrade your system some more . Its ridiculous . Whats more , once you open up your software , the sellers wo n't take it back .
 I have been waiting over a week for Ubi to come up with a patch that will enable me to play the game . I have `` Intel '' inside my Gateway . The company should have told you this game would not play without a high-end video card before you sold the games so you would have fewer dissatisfied customers .
 I purchased this program several weeks ago -LRB- preordered it actually -RRB- and it will not work on my computer . On the online game forums there are many people complaining about the same problem . And there is little or no response from tech support . I would not reccomend this game to anyone until they work the bugs out -LRB- if ever -RRB-
 If you want to buy this game i would not recomend it . It will be fun in the beginning but it get old very fast . It is not the best game i have gotten , you might like it but it is very callenging and hard to beat . I would rather buy ` Reign of fire . ' Reign of fire is a very great game ... remember myst3 is a very hard game .
 THIS GAME DOES NOT OPERATE THE WAY THE USERS MANUAL SAYS . IT HAS MORE PATCHES THAN MY PANTS . THEY CAN NOT FIX MY PROBLEM WHICH DOES NOT LET YOU SAVE GAMES THE WAY IT IS SUPPOSED TO . PLAYED MYST 1 AND RIVEN WITH NO PROBLEM .
 that people who actually enjoy games will be laughing at all of you who buy any Myst game . They are the utmost in laziness in taking advantage of what a game can really be , just a series of logic puzzles with backgrounds of computer generated pictures and an average bit of fantasy story tacked on.Just look at all the technical problems people are having ... does that not prove to you that these guys are doing the bare minimum and laughing all the way to the bank that their game keeps going on ` the buzz ' ? Do you really HAVE to own this game you will hardly play just because someone you know mentioned it ? Because it stinks , and it 's a disgrace to the real game industry .
 I am a fan of the Myst series , and think it is one of the most creative concepts ever . But , I could n't get this game to run on my PC . I am an experienced multimedia programmer . All my other games have worked , sometimes after a little tweaking , but not this one . It continually looks for CDs in alternating drives . It turns off sound until I reboot . It hangs the system , inconsistantly . All of my drivers are up to date . I am tired of wasting my money on worthless junk . Until this stuff is reliable , I 'm not going to waste my time on it any more . I wanted to rate this at zero stars , but the form required 1 - 5 .
 I just could not get into this game . I really liked Riven , but Myst III does not , in any way , compel me to keep on trying to solve the puzzles in order to get farther . I solved the first major puzzle , which involved lining up reflecting lights in order of color to open a door on an island . It took me a while , but I finally figured it out , and opened the door ... only to find another puzzle preventing me from opening the NEXT door . I mean , come on . I guess I 'm just not a big fan of puzzle games anymore , or something . The story does NOT make me want to solve them , at any rate . It 's slow and sluggish , at least at first -LRB- I never got past the first part , because I was just too bored . -RRB- So , the eagerly-awaited Myst III
 Although I 'm not very far into the game yet I 'm really disappointed that it is still a point and click movement instead of allowing real movement like Half-Life . See the stairway , click on the stairway , disolve to standing at foot of stairway , click higher on stairway , dissolve to halfway up up stairway ... you get the idea.Puzzles I 've encountered so far are VERY similar to those in earlier games , but that 's pretty much the part I love . Enjoy
 Much of what was lovely in Riven and Myst is still here , but in my opinion they made some bad choices and did not do adequate testing before release.Most of my issues are related to playability : Myst III 's performance on computers that are not new , AND with a primo video card is going to be disappointing.The list of video cards for which the hardware mode will work is fairly short . The list does not include voodoo 2 or 3 . Everyone else will be playing using `` software emulation '' which is painful on anything less than a fairly new system.Second
 I have a computer system that isnt even 2 months old yet . I have a PIII and 128 megs of RAM ... I put in an Elsa Gladiac Ultra video card that had 64 megs of ram on it ... This computer is beefy and can handle most anything ... I bought this game and from the very start had problems with it ... Installation was a NIGHTMARE !! After finally thinking I had it installed I atteped to play the game ... All was well for about 5 minutes . . I made it through the opening movie and two clicks of the mouse when the game just decided it didnt want to play anymore . I then uninstalled it . I was relly looking forward to this realese since Im a huge fan of the Myst series ... I believe they tried to go to gold code a little to quickly to get the product out the door ... I could of waited for a better product .
 Having thoroughly enjoyed both Myst and Riven , I was really looking forward to this game . Lucky me , I got the Myst3 Collector 's Edition as a gift -- I was dying to get lost in it for a few hours ... BUT I CA N'T RUN THE DARN THING ON MY COMPUTER ! True , I do n't have the latest and greatest computer , but my system exceeds the stated minimum requirements , and if I ca n't run it , there are a LOT of people out there who are going to be disappointed . I have a Dell Dimension 400 MHz , 192 MB RAM , 10x DVD-ROM , and an adequate ATI Rage Pro -LRB- Xpert 98 -RRB- 8 MB video card -LRB- which supports 32-bit color -RRB- . I checked , and I have the latest driver for my card . I upgraded to DirectX 8.0 and got the latest version of QuickTime . The first time I ran it , I sat through Atrus ' introduction , and had Catherine tell me to wait for Atrus -LRB- yes , the graphics were stunning , and I did enjoy the `` free-look '' feature , which allowed me to look around even while Catherine spoke to me -RRB- ... but then ... NOTHING . The game froze , then threw me out . I consulted the FAQ on Ubisoft 's website , turned off my DVD-ROM 's read-ahead function , and turned off my video card 's accelerator -LRB- which , though recommended , would apparently decrease my viewing pleasure somewhat ... not that I can run the game to find out -RRB- . I also switched my graphic rendering option to `` software '' as suggested -LRB- again , not taking advantage of my video card 's 3D rendering features -RRB- . I even unplugged my CD burner . After all that , now I ca n't start the game AT ALL . Double-clicking on the Myst3 icon gets me a small intro graphic , a black screen , then a silent crash to my desktop . No courtesy error message ... nothing . Just my desktop.As I was writing this review , I discovered that Ubisoft released a patch tonight -LRB- I swear it was n't there three hours ago when I started this journey -RRB- , which promised relief from some of the reported errors -LRB- like having a drive lettered higher than H -RRB- . I eagerly downloaded this patch , to no avail . Still nada.On the plus side , the soundtrack included in the Collector 's Edition provided appropriately gloomy atmospherics for my installation travails -LRB- complete with suspenseful interludes for each of my fruitless fixes -RRB- . Wait , there 's more -- I also have the `` Making of Exile '' CD-ROM to occupy a half hour of my time , and , if I ca n't play the game , the `` Strategy Guide '' to tell me what I 'm missing.In short , although I 'm sure there 's a great game in here , I 'm disappointed that the most challenging part seems to be getting it to run on a perfectly adequate machine . I 've got my fingers crossed for an effective patch , but this is just too much work .
 I am a huge fan of the Myst series and have been waiting for this game for a long time . Unfortunately it is not supported by my Intel video card and does not work . Though my system meets the requirements on the box it still does not work . So buyer beware this game was promoted and released by Ubi-Soft . They rushed the product to market and they know it . I was told by their technical support that they will have a patch out within the month . No definite time was given . So if you purchase this game get ready to wait a month to play it . Is n't capitalism grand ?
 Check this out
 I have a Sony Vaio , 866 mhz , 8 months old , and I too can not play the game ! It is extremely disappointing , because now my computer is in the shop because , as the company said , my computer is corrupted from the game . I do n't know if I will be able to eventually play the game , as I need to reinstall Windows on my computer -- maybe then it will work . Also , other games that worked fine before Exile was installed now give me error messages and crash . Hopefully this patch they are working on will be helpful to us disappointed Myst fans ...
 I had no trouble navigating Myst and Riven . This game seems very unstable on my Macintosh . Perhaps a patch for Macintosh , which has been promised since May 2001 will make a fan of me .
 I was n't going to bother writing a review , until I read another review stating that if the game does n't work it 's because I 'm too computer-illiterate or I have a cheap system !! My computer meets , and in face , exceeds the requirements listed on the box , and yet the game will not run properly . I managed to return it to the store after producing emails from the publisher stating that they are aware that more testing needed to be done , they know there are lots of bugs , yet they do n't know if it can or will be fixed at any time in the near future . If the game runs on your system great , but it 's a gamble . Check out the tech support forum on the myst 3 official site before you spend your money . And yes , it does deserve to have its ratings lowered , it should not have been released in its current state .
 I have Myst , Riven and had to buy this too . I enjoyed the previous games , once the puzzles are solved and games are saved . I enjoyed the refreshing graphics in Riven and they are better in this game ... BUT jeez , what is with these puzzles ... how about some game play ??? ... If your in the hospital for a long stay you may want this on your laptop ... ez
 I have been trying to load this game into my computer for the longest time , and I am not the only one who has problems with this game . If you go on the website under Myst III Exile you will see that there are other people like me who have experienced major problems with this game . I owe Myst and Riven and had no problems with these two games , but now unfortunately , I do n't know what else to do in order to get any help from the makers of Myst . I ca n't say that this game is badly rated , only because I have n't had the pleasure to play it . Lynette
 I would really love to give this game a great review as I have greatly enjoyed the previous 2 Myst/Riven games however ... I , like hundreds of thousands of other devoted Myst/Riven fans are still unable to play the game due to UBISoft misrepresenting the system requirements for the game and then releasing a product full of bugs . This game has been out for 2 weeks now and thousands of us are still waiting for the `` patch '' to be released so we can play a game in `` software '' mode -LRB- a substandard mode of graphic play -RRB- and then experience other , unexplained , un - `` patched '' bugs and game crashes .
 Do n't run out and buy this . If you have a vedio card made by Intel , SIS , MPact , Trident Blade , or Neo-Magic the game will not run . The patch is not ready yet -LRB- 5/22/01 -RRB- . To find out what video card you have , bring up the START menu and select `` run '' . Type In DXIAG in the windoe thet pops up and press OK . A window will pop up with a series of tabs near the top and have the title DirectXDiagnostic Tool written across the top . Click an the Display tab and look for the viedo cards name near the upper left under Name .
 I bought this game after checking the other reviews . My computer is way above the game 's specifications . I did check with the manufacturer who assured me it would run on Windows 2K . By the time my game arrived , they had changed their minds and are now saying it wo n't work with Windows 2K . With no help from them , I managed to get the game up and running smoothly , but I was expecting the same challenge as Myst and Riven and it 's just not there . Sure , the graphics are spiffy , but the plot and puzzles are n't very challenging . It took me longer to get the game to run than it did to play it . There are two patches available , but more are needed to resolve problems others are still having so you might want to wait until everything is fixed or you may find yourself spending a fortune to upgrade your computer ... or tossing the game .
 When I saw Myst 3
 I bought this game a month ago . I have not played it yet because I checked the system requirements on the box and it said that an 8 m video card was optional . It now seems that is very misleading . I intended to play on my laptop because I really like this type of game . My laptop is not old yet it seems it does not have the hardware required to run this game . I will be returning the game to where I bought it . I am very disappointed .
 Do n't purchase it yet . I 'm sure it will be great if and when they eventually get a patch/fix out for it . But right now It 's only running on about 25 % of the systems for which it is purchased .
 The original Myst was a phenomenon , and deservedly so . A visually beautiful adventure that depended on intellect rather than reflex . Most importantly , _ mere mortals _ could , with patience and exploration , solve all of the puzzles without resort to any hint book.However , Riven was a different story . I 'm certain a few people out there managed to navigate Riven without reference to any outside source ... the 99.9 th percentile of purchasers , those with infinite time and infinite patience , in my uninformed guess . Unlike Riven , I completed Myst without outside reference . With Riven , OTOH , I was eventually baffled without outside help . And so it is with Myst III.The heck with it . I 'm sticking with Solitaire from now on .
 Well , I consider a factory-configured Micron 667 running Windows 98 to be a `` normal '' computer . Myst III locks it up every time ! Their website tells me they are aware of the problem and are working on it . If they can tell us that on the day the game was released , why did n't they FIX THE GAME before they released it ? Myst I was a model of stability . Seven years and a thousand games later , this is ridiculous !
 This site currently tells you that you need a 333mhz machine and that you can use Windows2000 . The box says that you need a 233mhz machine and Windows 2000 is not shown as a compatible OS . This is sad for me because I purchased the software and it runs extremly slow on my 400mhz machine Windows 2000 machine with graphics board . Also I was not impressed with the water graphics that were suppose to run well with my graphics card .
 I played the previous game , Myst and Riven . But it has been enough , this game is too much of the same thing ; same kind of graphics , same kind of story and again a lot of reading to do ! While in other adventure games the story and clues are incoorporated in conversations , incidents etc , in these games it all comes down to reading a lot of books that feature in the game . Dear makers
 I am very disappointed in both UBI Soft ... for selling me a product that does not work . I have searched and searched the internet trying to find `` keys '' to get this program going , and while MicroSoft was very quick and helpful to tell me how to do some hard drive clean-up , UBI Soft was unresponsive , to me and others , as I found out by reading their responses on UBI 's own site . Even with driver downloads and other such stuff , I can not get the program to open up . Shame on all involved ! A warning label should come with this program . My computer is new -LSB- 6 mos . -RSB- and very fast with a large large hard drive . This is a sad state of affairs and sullies the reputation of the entire Myst genre .
 Myst III could be a much better game if the developers had not tried to push the performance envelope too far . And the trouble is that 1 , or 2 years from now , and a couple of operating systems down the road , the game could be obsolete anyway.We have an `` older '' computer running Windows ME and with enough memory and power to run any other game we want , including , for example , `` Riddle of the Sphinx '' , and `` Escape from Monkey Island '' . This game , as others have found does not support Voodoo3 drivers so Directx is out and Opengl is in . OK ! That part of the game -LRB- which is involved with the panning and zooming , and moving around -RRB- runs fine . BUT , the MOVIE playback is choppy , and the kind of choppyness does not appear to be processing speed . I am guessing , because the tech support has n't a clue , that the real problem is a bug somewhere.Appearantly , a full install is not allowed , because even an entire partition -LRB- 1.99 GB -RRB- is not enough.Also , there appears to be some confusion about whether the game runs in 16 bit high color or 32 bit true color . 16 bit is specified on the BOX & insert , and 32 bit is specified by tech support , and in the readme files . Whatever , the game does n't RUN in 32 bit mode on our system , just aborts.I 'm keeping the game a bit longer to see if ubisoft wises up and fixes some more bugs . Until then , I 'm giving this game two stars .
 I bought Myst III over one week ago . Until now , I have not been able to play this game at all . Here is why : After installation , the game needs CD-ROM disk 2 in order to start the game . However , after I loaded the appropriate disk , the program did not recognize that it was , in fact , in the drive and kept requesting it.I finally went to the Myst website for assistance . There , I found that Ubisoft `` is aware of the problem and for now recommends to the user to change the drive letter of the CD-ROM drive to ` something lower than H ' '' . Added is a small , short note with a warning that `` changing the drive letter could cause other programs to not work correctly '' . It continues with '' ... We are working on a better fix for the problem ... '' . So of course I am not going to change my drive letters around - who knows what that will do to my system!While I am happy that Ubisoft apparently is aware of the problem , it bugs me immensely that they would throw such a game out on the market which obviously is n't up to today 's systems . My CD-ROM drive is drive letter N , and I can honestly say that no game I have played in the past has ever had trouble recognizing it.I have now shelled out money for a game that sits on the shelf until Ubisoft comes up with that promised fix - inquiries about how long this will take were not answered to this day . I can only imagine how many more troubles are waiting for me once I 'll get around the disk 2 problem.As to the game itself
 I 'm a big fan of the Myst/Riven/Uru serries , but in myst 3 they tried to add an in-depth plotline with characters you could n't interact with . The point is the characters and plot they added made the game seem korny . And Exile was painfully shrot . I think there were only three or four worlds . The game ended and I sat there wondering if I skipped something , I did n't . Out of all of them , Riven has been my favorite . It 's a beast though , like 7 disks or something . Anyway , I did n't care for what they did with exile , and the reward for solving stuff was n't that great either . I wanted to scream durring the bounce-the-sunlight-off-the-flowers puzzle !!! Myst V better not be the last installment , cause it was pretty lame too . The serries is great though .
 As almost all other reviews have stated , graphically Myst3 : Exile is stupendous . The look , feel and sound of the game is breathtaking . That 's about where it ends , however . Assuming you can even get it to run -LRB- the software is VERY buggy & the stated system requirements are nowhere near accurate . ... . it can get to be a bit tedious at times . The puzzles are certainly challenging , but many times are actually rather pointless ; i.e. - solving many of them does n't really advance your understanding or aid you in any way . More often than not , they 're more like working the crossword puzzle in the back of those in-flight magazines ; it gives you something to do , but wo n't make the plane go any faster . The biggest complaint , however , is still the massive software defects . There are so many bugs , and the stated system spec 's are so completely off-base , you wonder if they simply slapped a price tag on the beta version and shipped it off . To date , I have added memory , installed new video & sound cards , and updated all the drivers , but still get only marginally acceptable performance . This , on a system that had met all the system requirements listed on the box to begin with . In concept I grade Myst3 : Exile an ` A ' , but in execution I give it , at best , a `` C - '' .
 this game has great appeal on its cover but do n't fall for it.generally when i buy a computer game i buy it for fun , this game is so boring . watching paint dry has the same effect as this game.I gave it one star for its graphics , which granted it does have great graphics but this is no substitute for the low excitment level . If you have an extremly high level of patience , you can give it a try if not DO NOT buy this game .
 I have n't played the game yet . Not because I do n't have time -LRB- which if I were quite honest I do n't -RRB- or because I 'm not interested . I CA N'T play the game.I pre-ordered the game and picked up the collector 's version on May 9th . I installed the game and tried starting it , only to have it crash just after choosing the graphics mode . I checked out Myst3.com and found out that this is a known bug . For many video cards you will not be able to play the game at all until the patch is finally released.I am truly upset that I payed good money for a game I can not play and may not be able to play for a while . I ca n't even return the game because -LRB- a -RRB- I waited because the message I got said it would be out soon , and now it 's past the return date and -LRB- b -RRB- the publisher has sent messages to the retailers telling them to send people to the website if the game does n't work , so the retailer wo n't take the game back.From the website it appears the particular bug I have is not the only bug . There has been one patch released that fixes some of the other -LRB- in my opinion less important -RRB- bugs . I 'm sorry , but if I ca n't even start the game it is a much more serious problem than a few video glitches the other patch promises to fix .
 We purchased Myst 3 -LSB- ... -RSB- and so far have not been able to play it due to bugs in this version . It seems that it is not comptable with older video cards . Although we run a AMD-200 with a Fusion 16 Meg card , the program crashes and leaves us with an S3 video message . Checking with UBI Soft , they seem to be aware of this bug but have not written a patch yet . Thus , this game gets 1 star for failing to even load correctly and we are out -LSB- money -RSB- for purchasing a pre-order copy .
 So here I sit with enough computing power on my desk to run the space shuttle ... 800 mhz. , 128 mgb . ram , 20 gig hard drive but I can not play Myst 3 . Waiting for a patch ... waiting for a patch ... waiting for a patch.It 's about to go back ... too bad .
 Save your money until they fix this nightmare ! You can run SCANDISK on your hard drive anytime you want for free - and that 's what you 'll be doing ALL the time with this nightmare . I have a system that is at or above all the sytem requirements with a standard video card that runs tons of games using DirectX without incident.Yet Myst 3 crashes all the time . It crashes when you try to restore a save game , it crashes when you try to run a new game , it crashes when you swap CDs . And once you do crash it takes a FULL re-installation of the game to run it again -- if you 're lucky . The patch helps not one bit.Maybe UBISOFTs new business model is to run a game company without the nagging , financial burden of an actual quality assurance department .
 I strongly suggest waiting until UbiSoft releases more patches . I recently purchased this game and still can not run it . This game will not run with Intel chipsets , it will not run with a number of 3D cards . According to people that have been able to play the game , there are numerous other bugs in this game as well . I am looking forward to playing this game . The people that have n't experienced problems say that it is fantastic -- what I would expect from the Myst series . However , I recommend waiting to purchase until patches are released that address the most horrendous bugs . The following urls are good places to look for information .
 This game , which looks sooo good from the box , does n't run on my computer , or on a lot of computers , from the looks of the Myst III web site forum . There is some problem with Intel chipsets in video cards . The game wo n't start . We will wait for a `` patch '' to be developed , but the game will sit on the shelf until then .
 We had Myst III Exile on our wish list for months . When it arrived , it failed to run on ALL THREE computers in our house.If you have an Intel Chipset , you will need a -LRB- currently unavailable -RRB- patch . If you have a NeoMagic chipset , you will need a -LRB- currently unavailable -RRB- patch . If you have Windows 2000 , you are out of luck . Windows 2000 is not supported .
 WARNING
 I really enjoyed both Myst and Riven , and so was excited to buy Exile . However , I have had nothing but trouble trying to play the game
 I so enjoyed the unusual story line , stunning graphics , and non-linear style of Myst and Riven . I ran both on my old , slow computer with minor problems.I anxiously installed Exile on my new Dell and immediately realized that something was wrong . I had fallen into a trap that I 'm sure a few others have experienced . Read all small print BEFORE purchasing the product.Exile only runs on Windows 95/98/ME . My new Dell is an XT which UbiSoft wo n't support . Imagine sitting through a 3D movie with no special glasses . This distracting aspect ruined the rest of the game 's good qualities . My disappointment equals a negative 5 stars .
 I loved Riven and Myst-I , but am very disappointed with Myst-III . The most siginificant problem is that it has so many bugs in it that it is difficult , if not impossible , to run the program . I 'm still awaiting a release of the 3rd patch to the game so that I can get it to work properly . Given the care and attention that was taken with Riven , it is disppointing to see what Ubisoft has done -LRB- looks like the Microsoft quality control team has joined Ubisoft ... i.e. , keep releasing software with bugs -RRB- . This game was definitely released way too early ... suggest you hold off your purchase until they release a working version or an accurate list of pc configurations that are compatible . If you do purchase this program , be sure that you have the most powerful PC available and that you have downloaded all the `` patches '' from the Ubisoft web site to correct some of the bugs ... and then maybe it will work .
 I absolutely loved the original Myst and Riven . However , the newest installment is plagued with a variety of gliches . It runs just fine on some of the newest , fastest computers , but has significant difficulties on many others -LRB- including mine -RRB- . If you want to buy it , visit the website first www.myst3.com and read up about it in the users ' forum . They are working on a patch -LRB- a couple are already out but do n't fix everything -RRB- but then again , they 've been saying this since June and it 's October . Buyer beware .
 If you do then buy this . It crashes your PC especially if it 's an HP .
 Firstly , I love Riven - absolutely adore the game ! I 've also played Myst 01 and the Journeyman series . However , Myst 03
 Hi , When I first loaded this game I could n't get past the title screen . I e-mailed support and had no luck getting it to work . Based on my negative review here on Amazon , Greg Uhler , one of the games producers , e-mailed me PERSONALLY to try to help.As it turns out , I e-mailed all my information and he gave me a solution right away ! Now the game runs great.I can not thank Greg enough for his personal help!In case you would like to know what I did : I manually set my monitor resolution to 640x480 and 32-bit color . That 's all it took . BTW I have a voodoo2 12MB , so if you have had any troubles try this!Rich Rossi ----------- Old ---------- As many of you know , this game had some serious support problems . I was never able to get it to work even though my computer exceeds all the system requirements . I talked to support , and recieved an answer and a follow up answer ... then nothing . ... Now I am stuck with a game that will not run on a computer that it is advertized to work on . ... . You have been warned .
 If you do n't own it consider this ; This game crashes and will not run on over 50 % of the platforms installed on . Check out the tech support forums at ubisoft.com for more on this . This company did not properly perform beta testing -LRB- the allmighty dollar ? -RRB- and have been promising `` a patch '' since the games release date . The patch continues to be pushed back , and may yet be available during your lifetime . At any rate , the company was aware of these problems and pushed the game anyhow.I would advise avoiding Ubisoft like HIV .
 Myst 3 is no doubt a terrific game for the small number of people who have been able to circumvent the bugs . In addition to the problems mentioned in earlier reviews there is also a conflict with Myst 3 and many , many video cards . When one attempts to launch the game it performs an illegal operation and shuts down . Updating drivers , DirectX , and other suggestions do not work . Instead of playing Myst 3 I 've been * working * on Myst 3 with no success.The official Myst 3 site acknowledges this as a * known * problem and is at work on a patch . There is no date given as to when patches for any of the bugs will be released.Buyer beware - it may not work on your computer until patches are released at some unspecified time in the future , if at all.Please note that I 've assigned One Star to this game only because No Stars or - Stars are not an option .
 I would love to play this game however the designers forgot to make sure it worked with some of the biggest names in computing . All my desktops utilize a INTEL digital display card . This game will NOT work with Intel . Their web site suggests that you buy it and wait for a fix . I suggest you save your money .
 After thoughly enjoying the original Myst and Riven games , I am severly dissappointed by Exile - and I have n't gotten a chance to really play it yet ! I tried the typical install on my iMac . The movies ran jerkily and the sound was atrocious ! I could n't run it on the Full Install because it requires a whopping 2.36 G. My husband tried running it on his newer iMac and it also had syncing problems between the sound and video . He 's a guru at Mac issues so we 're tweaking in hopes of getting it to run - but we really should n't have to do this . I suspect UBI Soft developed this on PCs instead of Macs like Cyan did and transported it to the Mac platform which often causes such problems . So , if you have a Mac and want to play Exile you might want to hold off a bit ! I 'll write another review if it actually works because I still want to see those great graphics shown in the trailers !
 The flower zone is too dull , in fact this whole game is dull , dull , dull . There is no story , and the puzzels are just plain stupid . Spend hours arranging reflectors . I do n't think so.And let me tell you about the flower zone . First of all , the graphics rely on ` jumping ' to the next point , so there is little pathway to follow , given that there is no 3d progress to take you to the next point of play . The screen jumps to your next location in even a more lazy way than Riddle of the Shinx did . Plus , once you have ` landed ' at the next point in the ` jump ' , the stupid game has you turned off the point you ` landed at ' so that you are looking cockeyed . I really hate how that happens ... programmers , please place us facing the way we landed . I am not anal enough to want to figure out how I can go down a path and end up facing a direction I did not turn to face ... I hated Schizm , but I think I hate this more . It is really a bad game . I have played many adventure games , but this is really lousy .
 If you like going in circles , with no idea what you are supposed to be doing , then you will enjoy this game . The puzzles are intricate , way too pedantic for my tastes . The obsessive attention to detail may suit a shut in , but I need a little more action . The cutscenes are pretty boring , and the actors are completely cheesy . The storyline does not motivate me one bit.I do not like the mouse movement , it is far too slow , I prefer being able to `` run '' on my own . Pointing and clicking is very disorienting . In most cases I have noticed that `` zip '' mode does not help . It takes forever to move from place to place.I have been frustrated with this game long enough ... I 'm selling it . If no one will buy it , I 'm throwing it in front of a bus .
 Loved Myst & Riven and played them till my eyes nearly fell out . I looked forward to Exile for so long and the day I finally got it I unplugged the phone and thought I was in for months of superb gaming ... how wrong can a person be . . I can sum up this game in one word
 This was my first Myst game and I was extremely disappointed , because it was so boring and hard to move around . If you like games where you 're in control , then this game will really put you to sleep . The graphics were the best I 've ever seen , but the way you 're supposed to play the game is so different from other role playing games that make it seem so unrealistic . In ALL other games , you press a button or move the left stick forward to make a person walk , but in this game , you press a button and you 're moved forward , eventually , but not realistically . It just was n't any fun and I 'm sorry I wasted my money on it .
 Since I purchased Myst III/Exile from ... , I think it is appropriate that I post the following letter that I sent to Ubi Soft with the return of the product : I am enclosing the Myst III/Exile software that I received.Installation provided two possibilities . First , I could install the entire game on the hard drive , or second I could install a minimal portion of the game on the hard drive and rely on the CD ROMs for what was missing.At first I chose to install the entire game . The installation completed without any noticeable anomalies . After installation , when I double clicked the icon to run the game , a menu screen came up allowing me to select a new game . Upon selection , the program asked me to insert Disk # 1 into the CD-ROM drive , which I did . Unfortunately , the program would not recognize the disk . The software simply refused to recognize that the correct CD-ROM disk had been inserted into the drive.I tried several reinstallations , but the problem persisted.Finally , I chose the other installation option , which is to install a minimal portion of the game . After installation , when I double clicked the icon to run the game , a menu screen came up allowing me to select a new game . Upon selection , the program asked me to insert Disk # 2 , which I did . Unfortunately , the program would not recognize the disk . Repeatedly reinserting the disk did not help . The software simply refused to recognize that the correct CD-ROM disk had been inserted into the drive.I tried several reinstallations , but the problem persisted . The system I was using is a high end Hewlett Packard -LRB- 800 MHz Athalon -RRB- . I then tried several installations on a different machine , another high end Hewlett Packard -LRB- 850 MHz Intel Pentium III -RRB- . This time I had a different kind of problem . After installation , when I ran the game your software produced an access violation . Yes , it crashed !!??!! I am outraged and for that reason I am returning the game with a demand that you not only reimburse me for what I paid for the software , but also for two hours of lost personal time.You need to understand the following :1 . It is not acceptable that your software contains a copy protection scheme -LRB- the requirement that the CD-ROM be present in the drive for it to work -RRB- that prevents the legitimate user from using the software .2 . It is not acceptable that your software produces an access violation .3 . It is not acceptable that you cause me to lose my valuable personal time trying the circumvent the defectiveness of your software.I am therefore returning the software to you with the following bill . I expect payment within 30 days.Software ... $ 40.00 Professional time -LRB- $ 150/hr -RRB- ... $ 300.00 Total amount due : ... $ 340.00
 It 's basically a variation of Spearhead . There are some interesting weapons that were n't available in the previous MOHAA games . It also has the same annoying visual flaw that Spearhead has
 I 've been an avid Medal of Honor Allied Assault fan since the original . I have played every single mission and beat them with flying colors . The original was the greatest . It had everything from sneaking into a German facility , wearing an SS unform , to the invasion of Omaha Beach . MOHAA was original , yet very realistic.Spearhead sort of strayed from this when it had you , an American paratrooper with the 101st Airborne Division jump into Normandy and find yourself fighting alongside British soldiers , and then a short time after that in Berlin with the Russians . You had a chance to use the new weapons of these countries , but it seemed too staged to be real.Breakthrough completely broke through my long-time respect for the Medal of Honor legacy . You did the same old thing you did in Spearhead , but in Italy . Realism took a turn for worse as the developers tried to make you feel surrounded . But , what happens is enemy troops will literally appear out of nowhere . Another problem I found was that they NEVER give you enough ammo ... And do n't say I waste , because I 've never ran into this problem before . Also , not to mention the idiotic mission plots and objectives . The third or so mission requires you to liberate a fully-functional and guarded German POW camp in Italy . Not so bad , eh ? It requires you to do so ALL BY YOURSELF . And furthermore , by the time I reached it , I had no ammo left . This was n't any fluke , either . It 's happened to me many times in Breakthrough.I think the best advice I can give to you is , `` Do n't waste your money . '' This is not the Medal of Honor you know and love . It is an attempt to prolong the Medal of Honor series that , as you know , is fading away . This is just the same old stuff , folks ... Nothing new .
 I have been a huge fan of Medal of Honor since I bought Allied Assault and even after Spearhead 's shortfalls , but this is just terrible . This expansion pack should have been awesome , yet it failed terribly . The missions have potential , but are horrible . The African campaign where you had to defend the braindead minesweeping tanks was sheer agony . You have to stay ahead of the tanks to protect them , but if you take the time you need to kill the Germans who threaten you and the tanks , you 'll likely be run over by the tanks you 're protecting . It 's very difficult to keep an eye on your tanks , keep moving up and shooting every German all at once . After a few minutes , it gets very tiring.In the Italian campaign , you fire one round , ALL the Italians will know exactly where you are and you 'll be surrounded in seconds . Being shot from every angle -LRB- where each shot throws off your aim -RRB- while using your Garand can be difficult , especially since there will be no health for you until much later . Later on you will have to fight off hordes of Italian tanks with mortars -LRB- as if those mortars could scratch a tank . -RRB- You 're in a house with a small wall around it , you have to use these cumbersome mortars to destroy these tanks from two different directions , and if one touches the wall , you fail your mission . Even if you destroy it a split second after it touches the wall . Even though the enemy is destroyed , the enemy still has broken through.One very annoying thing is the lack of ammunition . You have to conserve ammo like mad . About one in every 10 soldiers drops some ammo , if you 're lucky . In most situations , I had to fight a group of Germans at close range with nothing more than my sniper rifle and pistol -LRB- at least the Italian pistol is decent -RRB- only to rewarded with no ammunition . It 's very frustrating.The single player mode ended twice as soon as it should have , and I was left with the feeling of `` That 's it ? `` Like Spearhead , the shortfalls in singleplayer were somewhat made up for with improvements in the multiplayer . However the improvements were nothing spectacular . New modes , weapons and maps were nice , when I could play it . Apparently Breakthrough has a problem where when you try to connect to a multiplayer game , it says your CD key is already in use . Natrually I thought someone was using a pirated copy with my CD key . That is , until I went to their website and found out that 's not the case at all . Apparently it 's some bug where they screwed up and you have to pay . The explanation on how to fix the problem is of epic proportions -LRB- you have to delete the game in a special way and re-install it in a special way -RRB- and I just felt cheated . They screwed up so you have to compensate to use the product you paid for.This is only everything I feel like writing about right now that I can remember -LRB- I gave up on this expansion months ago . -RRB- Just stick with MOHAA or Spearhead if you already have it . If you really want to try this out , do n't spend over $ 10 for it.EDIT
 This is the buggiest game I 've ever purchased , and it does not stand up to EA Games shining -LRB- but rapidly fading -RRB- history . For example
 This game has its moments , but most of the time its more Rambo-style kill everything that moves action . Also , there is very little ammo to be picked up . The game throws a LOT of enemies at you , and several times I 've run out of ammo . There may be a pile of corpses at your feet , but you ca n't get their ammo or weapons . Very frustrating . I am wondering if this is a bug or intentional . At one point I found a cheat code on the net and gave myself ammo that way . The gameplay and graphics are ok if you have enough ammo to survive . There 's nothing here however that you ca n't get out of CALL OF DUTY or the other Allied Assault games . The ammo problem takes away at least one star for me . It literally makes it impossible to play on certain levels .
 Medal of Honor Allied Assault is one of the best 1st person shooter I have ever played -LRB- Operation Flashpoint is # 1 , its a 1st and 3rd person shooter -RRB- . But unfortunatly Breakthrough -LRB- just like Spearhead -RRB- didnt come close to either games . The graphics have not been improved and the sound isnt any different . There might be more weapons but that is the only thing they have attempted to change in the game . The Maps are n't the greatest , the multiplayer is good as usual . They might as well make medal of honor a multiplayer game . I 'm also getting sick of the being outnumber 100 to 1 . They need sonme solo missions and some squad based missions . -LRB- Like Operation Flashpoint -RRB- Instead of buying Breatkthrough , you should buy Call of Duty . It comes out in November and has much more player animations and better weapons . It has 3 campaigns . British -LRB- includes Pegasus Bridge -RRB- , Russian -LRB- siege at Stalingrad -RRB- , and of course and American Campaign where you are a paratrooper -LRB- pathfinder 101st -RRB- during D-Day
 this game would be fun if it did n't have to compete with games like UT2003 and BF1942 . I find that the WW2 scenery is dull looking and overall the gameplay is dense . But if you do n't like colorful games where there is alot of jumping and flying about maybe this game if for you . Also I find anykind of expansion distasteful because it spreads viable players very thin so there are less games with players to choose from for any given game .
 As a computer gamer of 30 years -LRB- you read that right -RRB- , I found this to be the most frustrating piece of crappy software gaming I 've ever played . If you enjoy playing one scene over and over and over and OVER until you finally figure out that you have to first do thing 1 before you do thing 2 -LRB- and it does n't have to be something logical -RRB- , then this is for you . It 's one thing to be challenging , but this game takes it over the top . Ridiculous.Spend your money on Call of Duty - EXCELLENT !
 Just to keep it short , graphics sux compared to allied assault , the ammo is scarce the germans are plenty . Just way too hard for easy or medium . Spearhead was short and the game play is way better . It 's just best to say `` SAVE YOU MONEY '' for something else .
 I have all the MOH pack and I have to say they get worse and worse . Missions are boring and the bots are stupid . The expansion pack offers nothing new , except some crappy maps . The overall game has not improved at all.Save your money and go get Call of Duty . It offers all the improvements that should have been in MOH .
 Breakthrough takes the wonderful legacy of the original Medal of Honor game and pounds it into the ground . This game is an abject failure on nearly every level.The strategy of EA -LRB- or whoever is responsible for over-hyped franchised expansion packs -RRB- is to throw overwhelming numbers of Nazis at you in nearly every level until you freak out or quit the game out of the frusteration of lag.Breakthrough offers no innovative improvements from the original and will make you start to question whether you actually enjoyed the original game . Yes , that 's actually how bad it is . If you thought Spearhead was a dissapointment , brace yourselves for this disaster.Save your money and buy something else . Boo !
 Allied Assault was one of the best games I have ever played . Spearhead was too short and added nothing new . I got pumped up for Breakthrough , I thought EA would try better after Spearhead . Breakthrough while fun , is really hard . You can not pick up HARDLY ANY ammunition from dead soldiers . Right now I 'm on the last mission , Monte Battaglia . All there is is endless waves of Germans , and you are low on health and ammunition throughout the whole thing . I thought of uninstalling it . It is also not worth the thrity dollars or so . Wait until Call of Duty comes out.BOTTOM LINE
 EA games has beaten this particular dead horse once too many times.Whatever the original MOHAA had going for it has been gone for some time now . Perhaps we 've all been spoiled by BF1942 , but this boring and hopelessly frustrating addition to the franchise makes me wonder what a company has to do to drive its best brains out of the company -LRB- to Activision where they formed Infinity Ward and developed the eagerly anticipated Call of Duty -RRB- and hand the reins over to TKO software , a company responsible for such memorable PC titles as ... as ... Well this company has no titles . This their first game for the PC . They make games for wireless phone services . What do you expect?Still has all the bugs that Spearhead had , enemy AI way higher than squadmate AI , enemies are all deadly snipers who never miss , it takes putting 7 rounds into one of them to die , and finally clipping . The Quake 3 engine is showing its age , and this ugly title could pull the plug.Picks or pans ? Pans . Cheers or Jeers ? Jeers.Save your milkmoney for Call of Duty .
 As a point of reference , I enjoyed MOHAA , and to a lesser degree , Spearhead . Breakthrough suffers the same problems many 3rd installments do , it copies from the previous two and believes more is better . While Spearhead added some interesting new missions to the MOHAA universe , Breakthrough essentially copies them , with some changes , and throws in more enemies and fewer health and ammo recharges . While I understand that these particular campaigns were especially desperate for the Allies , its just frustrating gameplay . There was a point in the game , during a mission similar to the Sniper-town of Spearhead , albeit fewer snipers , were I was forced to kill snipers with a handgun because I had run out of ammo . I 'm not wasteful with ammo either , good accuracy , short bursts . I had to quit and restart the level with more pistol whip-killing just to save ammo for later . Wish I 'd known before I wasted time playing it `` normally '' . There are several missions that end with the now over-played forced adreneline of having to defend one spot while swarms of the enemy fire at with virtually no help . Ca n't move , ca n't get ammo or you 'll fail the mission . Its just poorly designed game play and I 've stopped playing out of frustration . So while I may have experienced the desperation -LRB- obviously in a minor way -RRB- that these real-life missions may have engendered , its not really that fun this time around.I ca n't remember how the other two were , but you can rarely pick up ammo/weapens from dead enemy troops in Breakthrough . I have to emphasize rarely , so if you do get this game , learn how to shoot accurately to the head.Also , on a technical note , there are a fair amount of bugs especially in the enemy troops . There was point were several of them stood frozen , would n't die or move . The engine is really beginning to act its age graphically , with AI sorely needing an overhaul in general.If you 're a huge fan of the series , wait until its under $ 20 , maybe its worth it then .
 When I got this game for Christmas by accident -LRB- expected Tenkaichi 2 -RRB- I figured `` Well , maybe it is as fun as the second game . '' then I found out that it was not what I expected . DragonBall Z Budokai Tenkaichi 1 's story mode is the worst mode in the game and you have to play it in order to unlock new characters of course . It is basically a mission based story mode and it is very heavy on it 's missions , for example
 The tenkaichi title , a continuation from DBZ : Budokai 3 , is definitely not an improvement . The only plus of the game is they transferred it into a 3-d landscape , and got rid of the lame capsule feature to some extent . However , the 3-d environments are small , and frustrating to navigate due to poor play control . The graphics is ok for the most part , but the superattacks are totally lame looking and sound pathetic . Budokai 3 was awesome due to the overly dramatic super attacks and cool cinematic fight scenes when you engaged the enemy at times , but tenkaichi has none of that . The dynamics of the game are too simple and play control is frustrating ... whoever can mash buttons the fastest usually wins . They also got rid of the transformations . So , you ca n't transform from goku to SS4 . The game itself is rather repetitve , punch the enemy , knock them back , then repeat ... boring . Also , they have failed to enter a widescreen feature , a 480i image , or prologic sound . It seems to me the company atari hired was rushed to put this title out the door , and they should have sticked w/Dimps again instead of trying another company .
 this game sucks when my cousin came over he could n't beat raditz after 18 tries and he was freaken cryin i meen come on man this games supposed to be fun and make people happy so anyway i took the control and started playing it took me 10 tries to beat this dude i swear this may be the first time i 've played tis game but i would never lie hear me out do n't buy this game please .
 If your reading this review before you bought the game , then its not too late . I am one of those unfotunate souls who loves the DB series and just had to get it the first day it was released . I even traded in my Budokai 3 . What a mistake . The concept was great ; I mean , fling around in a 3-D arena , fighting just like in the show . . that would be sweet ! Too bad thats not what it is . Firts let me tell you about the good points of the game -LRB- it wont take long -RRB- . Lots of playable characters . In practice mode when you can casually do whatever you want - flying though large rock formations . Finally , and without question the BEST part of the game , visible battle damage as the fight wears on . Now the bad stuff . The controls are way too random - someone who 's just mashing buttons will probably fare better that someone who `` knows what their doing '' . If you can ever really know what you 're doing on the game . Even when I finally caught on to the concept of what they wanted me to do , the character will only perform the intended move one out of ten times . And when the move IS properly executed the animations are crap -LRB- to put it politely -RRB- . The Budokai 3 animations are 100 times better . That steaming pile of opening sequence was difficult to stomach even the first time through , when my expectations could n't be higher , and my child like enthusiasm was as yet untainted by the repeated tapping of the square button -LRB- the only attack button -RRB- , the ` Survive until time runs out ' missions , and flying directly at the opponent you 're supposed to avoid eventhough you push the directional pad in the opposite direction . NO TRANSFORMATIONS ?! ARE YOU KIDDING ME ?! Thats what DBZ fighting is all about . In a free flying 3-D arena boundries are the worst idea ever - just make a looping landscape like the ` Dragon Universe ' mode in Budokai 3 ; get to the edge of the right side come in on the left side . Even the guys who did Star Fox 64 knew that . Did they have interns working on this ? The boundries are n't he only thing you 'll get caught on . I can go on but why bother . The point is I paid $ 52 plus my Budokai 3 as a security deposit to rent Tenkaichi for two weeks . It sucks BIG TIME .
 Okay look here i dont know if it was a S&H problem but this game did not work well i mean it did work but it would freeze up in the middle of anything i tried to do ... Overall this was Terrible i am NEVER buying from you again Good day ! - __ -
 First and fore most , This will never be a True Budokai game . I say this because the graphics are like the Sagas game just a tad better.But we all Know Sagas was junk too . The controls are really slow , I would press block and it would hold it until the comp stop hitting me and i had no way of fighting back . This is the worst Game they have made for the DGZ series . The game features ways to fuse capsules together , though this sounds pretty cool it 's Lame . There are really no good points to this game except the CG demo in the begining . That was the only thing I liked about the game . If they could have used the Last Bodukai as a reference and just added different stories they would have gotten a A + but this is at best a F - . If you like fight twenty matches just to beat Raditz once than this game is for you . If your a true fan RENT this FIRST to see how bad it is . You might not be a fan of the Kamahamaha after this .
 When a friend of mine told me that a new DBZ game was coming out , I was elated . The last game that came out , Budokai 3 was one of my favorite games ; however , on buying the new game , Budokai Tenkaichi , I was more than slightly disappointed . I would like to first go through the main points of the game , and then I will discus the problems I have with it.The first thing anyone who thinks they want this game should know is that this is nothing like any of the previous games in the series . Tenkaichi drops the 2-D fighting aspect of the others and has gone to a free roaming type game . In which you are given a huge environment to roam and destroy , while you battle your enemy.The Controls have been simplified somewhat . The square button along with the d-pad control attack , the triangle button shoots energy , circle is guard , and X is dash . The L1 button locks on to an enemy , L2 changes your Ki , and the R buttons control your height . The new controls and fighting system make the game seem like a cross between Armored Core , and Dead or Alive.The game has a large amount of modes to play through ; such as Z Battle Gate , World Tournament , and Dueling . There is also Z Item Fusion , where you can combine certain items to unlock other items or new characters.Now , for the BadIn trying to make the game simpler the developers changed the controls so that anyone could supposedly pick up the controller and be good at the game . This in my opinion was a failure , the controls are complicated . I watched all of the Training videos , and it still took me about 2 hours to fully figure the controls out . They also seem to glitch up at times . The battle system in general has some issues as well . For example , while roaming the large areas is nice , the camera can get in the was at times , and cause you to see absolutely nothing ; while this is happening your opponent is usually kicking your butt , and you ca n't do much about it . There are other problems that arise in modes like World Tournament . It is very very easy to get rung out.The computer also plays a major part in my dislike of this game . It seems that the CPU is almost always super smart or very dumb . This can make battling very annoying , because you might not know the controls very well but the CPU does.Tenkaichi boasts a large number of characters to choose from ; however , most of the characters are just different forms of each other . Also , each character has their own , unchangeable , move list . These consist of 2 favorite techniques , 2 energy blast moves , and 1 ultimate attack . Another negative part of the game is the fact that all of the characters are clones of each other . Most moves look alike . The only customizable part of a character are their stats ; such as , ATTACK , SPEED , and KI . You can not add any other special skills or moves ; characters are stuck with what they have . This was a bad idea , especially the favorite techniques -LRB- Solar Flare , Afterimage -RRB- which usually do nothing.The final and most annoying problem I have with this game is that the translation is done so horribly in some parts that it becomes confusing . Phrases such as `` gradually increases health slightly '' do n't make too much since in my opinion . Some dialog for characters is n't even in English.These are n't all the problems I had with this game , but I think they were the most important to list . It feels like the developers rushed this game . I do n't think they tested it enough . Several problems that people have with this game could have been fixed . For those who want to buy this game I strongly recommend that you do n't . Get Budokai 3 , if you do n't already own it . In my opinion it was nearly a perfect game .
 I ca n't tell you how excited I was to hear that there would be a new Dragon Ball Z game for the PS2 ! For months I waited and then finally it was released . My girlfriend bought me this for my birthday -LRB- a mistake because I ALWAYS rent games first before buying -RRB- . There 's a good reason for this . Dragon Ball Z
 This game is Horrible . I could deal with the angle changes , but the controls are horrible.Too fast-paced , horrible controls and stupin scenarios.Lame .
 Some great game calling features like the game you would expect , but not as good as one might expect for the price.Pro : - Amazing play calling-Play your favorite team-Add the weather factor-Cool sound and voice overs ... I was surprised and impressedCon : - Do n't expect a manual with this classic adaptation . You 'll need to download it to enjoy the advanced schemes and play calling.-There 's no CD , so if the card gets zapped -LRB- like mine did -RRB- you 'll lose it forever . Make the back up before you play ! - Adverse weather options , like snow , are for the computer 's benefit only . Do n't expect a white playing field.Bottom line
 It is better as it comes on a CD and the Graphics and play calling are great but the biggest pet peeve i have is you can not save a game whikle playing and it is easy to hit a button and take your self off the game which like i said the game does not save games so if you are at 1:00 to go in the fourth quarter and you hit a wrong button you lose your game and must start over . EA is a cheap company that really should be held accountable for this garbage packaging No manual either have to download that . Way to expensive .
 this was the lamest tank game ever.it was a complete waste of time and money . i 'm dishonored by even admitting i bought the darn game . the story is hokey , in the worst kind of not-quite-anime way . the tanks are all equally pretty ineffective and the missions are kinda preposterous . save your money and play battlefield two again .
 It is more trouble than it is worth . You ca n't even play as Neo or Trinity . The major problem is that Niobi and Ghost who you can play as are hard to control it is like they do the opposite of what you say . And dont even talk about the System slow down it makes your system become a paper weight ... so dont buy
 I am running an advanced machine and so the only flaw I had was a loss of the cross hairs as I played , which would n't be a big issue if the third person game play did n't make it impossible to shoot . I was able to resort to using martial arts . But in all honesty I felt that this game had a hitman 1 quality in its game play . Well intentioned ... but ultimately failed . Better off getting max payne 2 and actually getting fun game play and a decent story . If you are a matrix fan ... stay a fan and rent the original matrix and avoid the video game . Sorry to the makers , but i could n't in good consciousness recommend this game to anyone , of any age , or any skill level .
 first of all let me tell you that the game is a rip off and why you ask ok frist the game come 's in DVD-ROM and what happen 's if you do n't have a dvd-rom tough for the buyer ok most people have the late ` ts mode 's like Pent III to pent 4 computer and the best graph 's card but my best tip for all people is to bye a PS2 OR XBOX XBOX-360 and at lest you do n't get your computer crashing when playing games on it
 Wow im the first perosn to review this . Cool . Unfortunately im not going to start this review list off on a good foot . Frankly ... this is a terrible game . 20 minutes after i had first popped this disc in I found my computer stuck with Niobi running , without going anywhere , into a wall . My computers CTL+ALT+DLT didnt work so i had to unplug my computer , losing some important work in the progress . Later that day i risked another try and found to my disbelief that it happened again ! I called Tech support and got a way to quit the mission , losing my progress . One last time ... i was getting tired , i had a surprisingly fun fight with an agent , slo-mo , while nothing like max payne , is certainly fun . I found gunplay to be much less rewarding feeling than martial arts was . Kicking the crap out of an agent was much more fun than trying to shoot some fat police gaurds . Then ... to my horror Ghost got stuck in the air trying to do a cool matrix move . i dont think ghost can fly like Neo so i put in another call with tech support , losing all my progress form there ... this is a glitchy game that had a hugh budget and should have been great . Only diehard fans of the movie should buy this game . The best part is the movie clips -LRB- or seeing Niobi lip lock with another femme fatale -RRB- . I warn you , Do not enter the Rabbit hole , take the blue pill and live the good life . Even if its not real .
 All the reviews I 've read say that the game sucks , so why buy it ? One reason and one reason only - there 's over and hour of DVD quality video in the game . This video is n't just snippets from the three films either . When the Wachowski 's shot footage for the video game as they were shooting The Matrix Reloaded andDo you have to play the video game in order to see the movies . No , just like The Animatrix , you do n't have to have played the game in order to enjoy the movie . Yet , there are some very interesting story lines and back stories that you miss if you have n't played it . This content enriches your movie experience . I equate it to watching your favorite television show . Take `` Friends '' for example . You can sit down and watch any episode of Friends and know what 's going on and have a good time watching it . Yet a lot of the enjoyment of the show is the fact that you know about Ross and Rachel 's past , or the fact that Monica used to be fat . When you know these back stories , things that happen in current episodes are more enjoyable . `` We were on a break ! '' does n't mean anything to you if you have n't seen the previous episodes.The first segment involves going to the post office to collect the package . The second segment involves going to the airport to call all the other captains for the meeting that appears at the start of The Matrix Reloaded . I was very surprised to learn how the captains use the Matrix to leave messages for each other and there is some very funny dialog . While at the airport , you are called upon to save a fellow crew , which greatly expands the level . The third segment involves the meeting of the captains and the subsequent escape after the agents show up . In The Matrix Reloaded , we see Neo fight the agents , but we do n't see what happens with the rest of the characters . It 's a bit more expanded in the video game . After this third segment , I would recommend that you stop here and watch The Matrix Reloaded . Or at a minimum , watch The Matrix Reloaded , then play the game and then watch The Matrix RevolutionsThroughout the game you 're presented with the following elements :1 . Cinematics - through the use of DVD quality video , you see the story unfold with all the main characters from the Matrix Trilogy . They take a few short cuts with the special effects in places , but otherwise it 's the same quality of footage as the movies .2 . Animatics - to help transition you from the movie to the game , often times a cinematic with change into an animatic . This simply means that the story unfolds in an animated version using the game engine to render the characters . These cut scenes are just as engaging as the video because they use the actual actor 's voices .3 . Game Play - you do actually get to play the game as well . As either Niobe , or Ghost , you navigate your way through the game unfolding the story as you play.It was no surprise to learn that the game play sucks . As a game , Enter The Matrix is dead on arrival . No matter how powerful your computer is , the game play is going to bog down to a crawl whenever there are a lot of enemies on the screen . The limited ability to save your games is going to cause you to scream more than once . Last but not least , the game play is simply not that engaging . It 's very linear and thus you 're really only going from point A to point B , press a button , or open a door and the level is over . I 'll be honest , as a game , it 's a turd.But that 's not the point . The reason for this game is not for you to play it over and over like Quake III , or Medal Of Honor Allied Assault . The purpose for this game is to tell a story . I do n't know that a video game is the best medium for telling a story , but I have to give the Wachowski brothers credit for the attempt . To show you that the Brothers simply want you to get to the end , if you get to a point where you can rest , your health will automatically increase . Not just a little at a time , but in 20 seconds you can go from 2 % to 100 % if you simply stand still -LRB- and no one is shooting at you -RRB- . Other than the 1 hour of DVD quality video -LRB- have I said that enough yet ? -RRB- , the only saving grace is the audio in the game . Dane Davis , the sound designer for the Matrix Trilogies used the exact sounds from the movies . So when you 're in bullet time and hearing the guns go off , it 's just like you 're there . It 's weird when the sound effects are the most notable aspects of a game , but they are that good.The music is also excellent . Don Davis , the composer for the Matrix Trilogies , composed music for the game as well . In addition , there are tracks from Juno Reactor , Chris Vrenna , Fluke , Rob D and others , that add a certain bit of adrenaline to the game play . Great songs to kick butt to.If you 're a die-hard Matrix fan , then I 'd recommend buying the game if you can find it on sale . However , you do n't have to be a gamer to play this game . Simple button mashing will get you through the game and through all of the stories - which is the point of the whole game anyway . Even if you 're not a die-hard fan , the story arcs are good and worth slugging through the game to watch them .
 I recently bought this game for the PC since I already had it on a few other consoles . I was really psyched to get it , but when it finally came in , I was very suprised ! It came with the case and the manual and ONE disk ! That 's it ! I installed it and was able to start the game up . I noticed a lot of problems the instant I started playing it such as the graphics being really glitchy , the focus being really glitchy , and the game becoming really slow once I got in contact with any of the enemies . I was reading online -LRB- Other customer reviews -RRB- when I found out that you needed to patch the game to a later version . Apparently the producers wanted to get this game out to the public as fast as they could and made some mistakes . Let me tell you , The patch does n't work that well . Especially if you have this version . Now I do n't know if your product will come in like mine since I got mine used , but I would n't take the risks . You see after you patch the game , it will ask you for a `` Play disk '' any time you try to run the game . Now we do n't have a `` Play disk '' do we ? NO !!! So now you ca n't even play the game . Now I do n't know if the Jewl case is better than this version , but I am not taking any chances.HOW TO FIX YOUR PROBLEM : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : Like all crappy games , there are ways to fix your problem . Go to eBay and search this same product and find a good one which includes four disks , `` Disk one , Disk two , Disk three , '' and `` Play Disk . '' This is what you want . You see , this is the final version of the game and was never put on to Amazon -LRB- As of 1/28/12 -RRB- . This will solve all of your problems . If you just want to get rid of the `` Enter the Play Disk '' , then you can with the Disk labeled `` Play Disk '' . You can also just re install the game with all of the four disks and have a much more fun experience with the game since it fixes almost all of the problems . The Game is a lot faster and the performance over all is faster , There are very few glitches , the focus is fixed , and there is even a new `` Play '' screen that you can change your options on!Over all it 's a way better way to go . So defiantly buy this program off eBay !!!!!
 Enter the Matrix is n't a terrible game , but it is sort of a rip-off of Max Payne with some of the neat time-slowing tricks you can do . Another problem is that it crashed repeatedly on my desktop . And also I could only get the sound to work about a third of the times I played it . I might try playing it again now that I have a newer video card , but so far I 'm not sure if even that will fix the no-sound buisiness . No patch has been released yet . If one has and I do n't know about it shout it out at me ! I would have given this game three stars if I did n't have these sound and crashing issues.In the end , the movies were wayyyyyyy better .
 I bought the DVD version of the game , played for about an hour , then had my high-end comp crash mid level . Since then every other level I can play one in normal mode , and the next 2 or 3 in safe mode . I do n't know if anyone else has these issues but there 's no technical support on a high-end comp crashing at the start of every other level ...
 I want to try and be careful in my review here . I 'm thirty and I did n't like this very much . The problem is that TMNT was CLEARLY made for someone who is a lot younger then I am . It feels wrong somehow to be ripping a game that the developer -LRB- Ubisoft -RRB- never really intended for me to play anyway . It has the same vibe as if I was whining that I could n't ride around on my nephew 's power-wheels quad . I did want to , at least , point out a few issues that I 'd had though.First , the graphics are somewhere around a pretty good PS2 game . This is not something that you 're going to use to show off a next-gen system at all . It feels like -LRB- and probably was -RRB- it was ported over from an older console . I do n't think it hits the point of being flat-out ugly , but not the least bit impressive either.The game-play , I thought , was awful . It 's criminal that one of the central themes of any turtles game since the original NES console was teamwork and yet we get no co-op or online multi-player ? This feature alone would have been enough for me to make a purchase . The fact that it was n't included is wildly disappointing and a total let-down . The enemy A.I. is below average . None of the enemies I fought were particularly difficult and generally tended to stay in one place and not put up too much of a fight while I whaled away at them . Again though , this was intended for someone much younger ; giving the benefit of the doubt , someone under ten might find this a bit more challenging then I did . It 's also virtually impossible to die . If your health runs out or if you fall off a ledge you respawn right where you left off . The game is over , basically , whenever you decide to stop playing.The game is terribly short . If you 're motivated , you could finish this in four or five hours . I , again , feel the need to point out that this was intended for a much younger player . Maybe it would take them a while longer . For me though , chalk this up as a ` rental only . ' It 's an easy 1000 achievement points , but it 's doomed to leave anyone over ten ultimately unfulfilled and not worth anywhere near fifty bucks for a new copy . Grab an xBox marketplace card and download the 1989 coin-op version of TMNT instead , it may be a little older but you 'll have twice as much fun at about a quarter of the cost .
 TMNT is a passable action/adventure game geared more towards kids and inexperienced gamers . The main content of the game has you as the members of the Turtles performing ninja acrobatics to cross the city of New York to get to a rare fight with a couple baddies or a boss . There is really no risk of failure in the game since whether you fall off a building whilst attempting acrobatics or you come up short in a fight with an enemy , your Turtle just springs back to life . There is no depth in gameplay as everything can be accomplished with ease.The best thing about TMNT is that you will achieve at least 900 gamerscore , and with only a little extra effort you will gather the full 1000 gamerscore . It took me five hours of gametime to get the 1k . If you want to boost your gamerscore by 1000 and pay budget price for a game , this is the one to get . The five hours are fun enough .
 I work over at Gamepro magazine and I was able to borrow a copy of TMNT . I borrowed it on Friday , beat it on Saturday night . Mind you , I also went out to a couple of movies between that time frame . I think I beat the game and unlocked the achievements in about 6-8 hours . Uninspired gameplay , ok graphics -LRB- definetly not up to XBOX360 standards -RRB- , camera angles get clunky , and once you 've beaten the game and played some of the VR mission type unlockables in the game , your done . Also , there is only single player mode . You ca n't have your friends play as the other turtles , you can only do one at a time through switching your charcters during gameplay and the power team ups to take down you enemies . I definetly would n't shell out $ 50 for this game . Since I got to borrow the game , I think I enjoyed it a little more than I would have if I payed $ 5 for a rental . If you are really itching to play this game , I suggest renting it . So , here are the Pros and Cons.Pros : - Great voice acting-Awesome art style-The team ups are great-Some of the platforming elements are fun.Cons.-Funky camera angels-Uninspired gameplay-No multiplayer-Battle system is lacking.Overall , I 'd give this game a 2 out of 5 .
 I loved some of the older TMNT games , but this one is really sad . The graphics are alright , but that 's the only good thing to say about it . There is no multiplayer or co-op of any kind , which is unforgiveable . The really sad thing about this game is the near absence of fighting ! Yes , its true . You spend most of your time climbing around and navigating the level , and occasionally -- VERY occasionally-you get in a fight . But the fights are seriously lame . I just ca n't believe they released this game , there really isnt ' anything to it . 15 levels of basically running around and beating up the occasional batch of punks . Easy achievements if that 's important to you , but otherwise do n't waste your time -- or money .
 I had to return this game because it did not play , had to say I was a little disappointed and on the game it stated that the game was only $ 7.99 and they charged me $ 44.80 talk about highway robbery
 Alright , I 'll admit it right up front . I bought this game for the 1,000 gamerscore and no other reason . I knew it was n't a very good game , but I also heard it was n't complete crap . This is true , there are a couple fun sections , and some of the one liners are pretty great , but over all , you 're not going to have much fun with this unless A -RRB- you 're under 12 , B -RRB- you absolutely love the turtles , C -RRB- you accidentally play some other game thinking it 's this one . Technically , it works fine , the controls are pretty much fine , and graphically it does n't look bad . So there 's that.Basically , if you are n't buying it for a child , do n't expect much . If you 're in it for the gamerscore , devote an afternoon to it . The achievements are super easy so it wo n't take more than one playthrough .
 TMNT is the latest of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles games and is the companion to the recent movie of the same title . You fight as each of the turtles , and sometimes can switch between them , through several stages -LRB- I think there were 14 or 16 -RRB- that more or less -LRB- often less -RRB- accompany the plot of the movie . This is a typical movie-based game , short and without anything defining to make it really worthwhile , but not a complete waste of time if you rent it.The Good : - Well , it IS the Turtles , so that 's a definite plus if you 're a fan of either the originals or the new movie.-The fighting and some of the Turtles ' abilities are fun , for a little while at least , to mess around with.-There are n't many unlockables , but there are a few fun things you can unlock to add variety to the game , including big heads for the Turtles , halloween costumes for the bad guys , and `` weekend weapons . `` The Bad : - The game is VERY short . It took me between 4 and 5 hours to complete the game . After completing each stage with an ` A ' rating you unlock the ability to play the stages again and find special gold coins in the stage , but there 's really no reason to do this and I see little replay value in the game.-The game is VERY easy with a few really tricky parts . You can die as many times as you want and just keep on playing , and you can fall or miss jumps or whatever and it really does n't matter . That made me think the game 's difficulty was tailored to younger people , but later in the game some of the jump sequences -LRB- especially on the last stage -RRB- are so difficult they require much more skill than the rest of the game.-No multiplayer . I understand that some of the stages -LRB- like those with Raph as the Watchman -RRB- take place with only one Turtle , but what made all the old Ninja Turtles games so great was the ability to play with your friends.-The camera angle is annoying at times , and there are many times when you 're trying to do a certain kind of jump and end up falling to your death because you ca n't see well enough to line it up correctly or the game just executes the wrong move.This game is worth renting if you 've REALLY got nothing better to do , or if you want some quick Achievement points on the 360 , but I definitely would n't buy it . It 's fun for a while , a short while , but by the time you play the short story mode through you 'll be more than ready to move on to something else .
 TMNT -LRB- Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles -RRB- is the videogame tie-in for the TMNT movie released in March 2007 . `` Ultimately , the movie seems driven more by the need to keep a toy line and franchise alive than any creative inspiration '' says Kirk Honeycutt from the Hollywood Reporter . Unfortunately the same is true for the videogame . TMNT can be summarized by
 The review for the game were dead on ... This game is wayyyy to easy and about 4 hours long ... SIngle player only the graphics are not as good as we thought they would be ... The only reason to rent this game is to get the easy achievements ... . But dont waste 50 bucks on the game . . Use that money to reserve Halo 3 or Madden or Ncaa football ... This game is not even good enough for regular xbox ... Pathetic attempt at making money from this company .
 This game is terrible , waste of money . All they do is hop around . When you try to fight the enemy , its hard to even control the turtle to even face them , so you miss all the time . The game is so freakin easy to beat , i ordered it , waited five days , got it and played it , then within an hour , beat the game . You cant even choose what turtle you want to be , the missions already have the turtle chosen . I suggest if you want a teenage mutant ninja turtle game , get the part 3
 The DS has it 's more than fair share of titles that really show what the system can do , and are quite good . However , the DS has it 's fair share of titles that are absolutely terrible to boot . TMNT falls into the latter category , and is possibly the worst game ever made for Nintendo 's smash hit dual screened handheld . Based on the new CGI-rendered movie that resurrects the 80 's comic book and cartoon heroes , TMNT boasts some of the ugliest 3-D graphics you 'll ever see the DS pump out . After that , things in the gameplay department do n't get much better . First of all , your freedom of movement throughout the game 's 15 levels is incredibly limited . You are prompted to press certain buttons to progress through the area , which includes so few fighting elements throughout each level . This is made even worse by ungodly collision detection , super-clunky controls , and the game as a whole just is n't fun ; which is what the point of video gaming is all about . If there 's anything positive about TMNT , it 's that the game pretty much ties in with the new movie , but other than that , there 's no one redeemable factor to be found with this game . All in all , even for die hard TMNT fans , the DS version should be avoided at all costs . However , if you own a DS and craving some turtle action , check out the GBA version , which is actually pretty enjoyable .
 My refurbished xbox 360 had a dead DVD drive 5 days after the warranty ended.The xbox 360 is prone to problems with overheating and also with dvd drive failure . The probability of failure on these machines is high , and higher with older machines -LRB- ie refurbished -RRB- . The new machines have long warranties to protect against this , but the refurbished machines are only 90 days .
 This game simply is boring and almost sad . I like the idea of the whole survival aspect but all you really end up doing is constantly looking for food -LRB- which the characters do n't like -RRB- , resting -LRB- really fun ... -RRB- , stopping for water , and trying to figure out why you bought this game . It can be sad in the respect that your characters always seem to be slowly dieing and all you can do is find random food items , cook and eat them -LRB- does n't help them much -RRB- , and then going out to get more food items . It is very repetitive and even depressing to some people , especially younger children , my sister hated it ! Overall a good idea but very repetitive and boring.Lost In Blue 2
 I got this game expecting an open ended style game . But there really is just one way to succeed . It was difficult at first to find the balance you need to survive but it was n't fun enough to stick it out . The actual game play is clunky and the graphics are poor .
 It 's hard to know where to begin.Half of the missions are impossible to finish unless you figure out some sort of gimmick . Most missions force you to research them on the Internet.There is no sense of reality at all . For instance , at one point you are shooting into a giant frame of steel girders , but you can only fire when the `` doors '' are open , even though it 's just a giant , open framework . There is a submarine that your weapons ca n't damage , so you have to lure enemy aircraft into crashing into it . Again , use the Internet to understand how to finish the missions.Most missions have a wingman , and while you are trying to do your task , you often have to keep an eye on the wingman symbol to keep reminding them to go and do something . It 's so distracting that it really detracts from the game.The game introduces too many random elements of play . Instead of flying and shooting , some of the first things you do include tail gunning , using a bomb sight , and intercepting a train at just the right spot so that you can hover over it for several seconds . These might make nice diversions after several missions , but they are some of the first things you do and just add to the random , haphazard feel of the game.There are several `` cheat codes '' available , but if you use them they lock out the achievements . I presume the cheat codes were released to make up for how difficult the game can be . Frankly , people ought to be able to finish a game . Publishers can certainly add some harder modes for re-playability , but it 's just ridiculous to make a game difficult to understand just to add hours of play . On the plus side , the game rates your performance in each mission so you could re-play them for a higher rating . Also , your rating earns `` prestige points '' that are used to buy upgrades . You might find it necessary to earn more points just to get the upgrades for later missions.The game booklet is worthless for understanding how to play the game . It does n't explain how to use some of the more obscure controls and it does n't explain the map symbols . You just have to play and lose until you gradually figure it out.The plot is ridiculous . So ridiculous that it 's annoying . The plot is explained through voice acting -LRB- not stellar , but I 've heard worse -RRB- and artwork . Fairly crude.Some of the missions are fairly enjoyable , as they are n't all timed and do n't all require completing a bizarre task . But far too many of the missions are simply repeating the same frustrating sequence until you figure out some gimmick that is n't explained anywhere except an Internet post by someone who also got stuck .
 When it comes down to the single playing of this game , not worth the price . You have 50 missions and you go in an order in which you can not choose . If you can not pass the mission , you dont advance and no more missions . Some missions are very difficult to play and without a flight stick and throttle can be impossible . I give up on this game . I am sure xbox live play is different .
 Do n't get the idea this game has anything to do with World War II . The only similarity is some of the airplanes used in that confict are also present here . Other than that it is completely fictitious .1 . The game is loaded with planes that never made it off the drawing board , let alone into production . Also there is not a single American plane to choose from . No P-51 Mustangs , no P-47 Thunderbolts , no P-38 Lightenings , no F6F Hellcats , etc. 2 . These planes do n't stall . You can fly straight vertical forever in any of the propeller planes or jets . Ridiculous .3 . The missions are all preposterous and entirely fictitious . One of them has you flying over San Francisco Bay shooting down rockets with rockets -- a technology still in its infancy even today . The submarines launching the rockets are -- get ready -- German U-boats ! Would n't it be a little more likely to have Japanese submarines off the Pacific coast ? The last mission is so imbecilic it made me groan . You have to shoot down a giant aircraft carrier AIRPLANE , that 's constantly launching dozens of smaller fighters to harass you . Another mission has you flying your plane into and through a series of long underground tunnels destroying generators ! You know , the type of flying they all did in WWII . Giveth unto me a break ! 4 . Story is moronic . It reminded me of PS2 's `` Secret Weapons Over Normandy -LRB- SWON -RRB- '' , in that you are constantly having to rescue an annoying girl named `` Marguerite '' . In SWON her name was `` Rose '' . Same difference.Wouldn ' t it have been nice to have even a modicum of historical accuracy here guys ? There is no Battle of Britain , no Midway , no air war over Germany , no real Pacific aircraft carrier action at all.This is just Ace Combat in the guise of a WWII game . False advertising .
 This is the worst video game I have ever played . The `` plot '' is pointless -LRB- and insulting -RRB- , the graphics are ho-hum , and the `` missions '' are idiotic . I have been a big fan of the Ace Combat series and received this game as a gift . I was so disappointed that within two days I gave it back to the person who gave it to me to return to get something for themselves . DO NOT FOR ANY REASON BUY THIS GAME . IF YOU MUST PLAY IT , RENT IT .
 The Good
 The graphics were awful . You are better off getting a DSi and downloading Dr. Mario Express for only $ 5 . The game is still my favorite of all time , but not meant for a DS Lite .
 There were only a couple NES games I ended up playing after new consoles kept coming out . Dr. Mario was one of them . This game does n't live up to the original . It pretty much looks the same , and it sounds the same , but here are the problems that keep me from playing it
 I loved the original Dr. Mario , so when I got a GameBoy version I was excited . It 's very Tetris-like , except for making complete rows , you are matching up 4 like colors of pill halves to the same color virus until they have all been matched and eliminated . Unfortunately , the `` pills '' are so tiny that it is difficult to enjoy this process . My vision is fine , yet I find myself squinting at the screen trying to make out the different colors in order to decide where to drop them . This was a good idea , but it does n't work on such a small scale . However , if trying to make out minute details does n't bother you , then you will probably enjoy this classic - especially if you love Tetris and are burned out on it .
 The incessant jumping and being knocked down everytime by flying bats is enough to drive even the most mild mannered of gamers stark raving mad . Do not buy if you want a casual waste of time only buy if you are hardcore and enjoy challenges that are near impossible .
 This game has so much promise , but in its current state it 's unplayable . There is a known bug -LRB- go to the FAQ section of the Konami website where they coyly hint at the problem -RRB- that prevents you from saving the game if you 're using anything but a Sony-brand 256MB Memory Stick . I have a SanDisk 4GB card that the game wo n't save to . Trust me , there 's nothing wrong with the card . The card , game and PSP were all brand new , bought the same day.I 'm currently fighting it out with Konami to get a refund since the store I bought the game from wo n't allow you to return a game that 's been opened.Bottom line -- if you do n't have a Sony 256MB Memory Stick , you ca n't save , so unless you like starting from scratch each time you turn on your PSP , forget about it . Maybe they 're working on a patch , but till then , stay away .
 I 'm an adult who can sometimes get lost in a video game . Not this one . Many years ago I had a Leisure Suit Larry game that I really enjoyed and hoped that this would be a little bit along those lines . It was n't . You 're pretty much trapped into a boring schedule of being locked in your apartment , or out at school with only a couple of minutes to do anything . There 's an incredibly limited amount of things you can do in each section of the game , and when you finally get somewhere -LRB- or get a date -RRB- the payoff is anti-climactic . Game has a few bugs too . Repetitions , a character asking you to call - and then you have to go through the same dialogue you did earlier in the game when you do . Confusion and glitches in other areas too . Save yer money . : -RRB-
 I am going to disregard reviewing the game itself - aside from saying that it is , for better or worse , the same exact game released for the NES - to comment on the fact that this reissue is completely unnecessary.If you purchase Metroid
 do n't buy this game . No matter how cheap it is , do n't waste your money . The original Metriod can be unlocked after you beat Metroid Zero Mission , which only costs about $ 15 more and also comes with an entire new game . Not to mention it is also unlockable in Metroid Prime for the Nintendo Gamecube.Let me repeat . This is game has been released about 2 other times with Metriod Prime and Metroid Zero Mission games . Not to mention both Metroid Prime and Zero Mission can be purchased at at least $ 25 dollars or less.Tsk tsk ... shame on you Nintendo .
 Some reviews are easy to write , like a review for the GBA re-release of `` Metroid '' . We 'll review the 2004 GBA title and then `` Metroid '' itself . The Classic NES series can be seen as a forerunner to the far superior `` Virtual Console '' on the Wii , Wii U , and 3DS . Unless you are a collector do n't bother getting these games . Of course , in 2013 when this review was written , only collectors would be seriously scouring the globe for such titles , as pretty much all twelve titles in the Classic NES series are now available on the far superior Virtual Console for a fraction of the cost.GBA METROID REVIEW
 THE GOOD
 Ah , the original Metroid . I love the original . However , this is a waste of money . Why could such a classic game be a waste ? Cuz if you buy Metroid
 I really like Alexander , while it works . Problem is at some point the the game crashes back to desktop . Go back in and the same , and since Ubisoft believes this game was a failure they wo n't patch it.That 's sad because at it 's core Alexander happens to fun , and while it 's not Rome
 Sorry , but this is 2005 and this game sucks . Even in 1995 this would be a poor game . I would have given it zero stars , if that was an option . With games like Rome - Total War out there , I ca n't say enough bad things about Alexander . It 's obviously a marketing scam to sucker money from people based on the movie and appeal for these types of games . The people who developed and marketed it should be shot .
 I say this not because I have played it , but because I am one of the thousands of people who purchased it , but could never get the game to start up . It was rushed into production to meet the deadline of the movie debut , and then promptly abandoned once the movie flopped.The box declares minimum system requirements . Even if you meet and exceed them , the game will probably not work on your computer . As hundreds of customers found they could not get the game to work , Ubisoft revised the system requirements on their website and came up with a `` list of supported video cards . '' This tells you something right there , that a huge amount of video cards were not supported . If you did not have a card on the list , too bad . At the time of release the Geforce 4 MX card was a popular mid-price card , and it was excluded from the list . If you had that card , like I did , you were screwed . Laptop versions of list of `` supported '' video cards had a disclaimer at the bottom saying they were not supported AT ALL.A notice appeared on the official website
 Guys , Do not take this bait even if the game is sold for one cent !!! It 's just not worthy to but it . The game is awefull and the worst RTS out there . i paid for it 19,99 and i regret i purchased it . They should stop producing this kinds of games and ban this from the shelves because it brings a shame upon good rts genre . The developers done such a poor job on it seems like they rushed and messed a good ideas into one terrible compound . Turns out Alexander the Great movie was laughed upon when this parody , a big joke was released patheticly designed , skillessly engineered and implemented , an underachiever amoung other rts titles.First of all the specs of my PC are AMD Sempron 2.1 GHz -LRB- code name Palermo -RRB- , with 1024 -LRB- gig -RRB- of RAM , and Ge Force 7600 GT 256 MB so i can run this game perfectly fine 1024 x 768 resolution . But this game , though as much as i would like to have fun and enojoy it -LRB- i love that time 's period armor and hoplites , phalanxes , formations and structures -RRB- is just impossible to play . The graphics are 2D like from 1994 and not 2004 when 3D becomes a standard . The camera is fixed so you cant zoom in and see any detailes of the armor , farms and buildings . The villigars are generic and small dots on the map . The voicovers , well there are none of them present , if you issue a command there is a silence and hardcore rts fans will be very disappointed . The combat sound is from Age of empires I and is so primitive just two voices groaning together in stone age manner . The animation is very bad !!! The unit creation has to be constantly monitored and if you dont right click second time on the unit training icon at barracks or Town Center they will be produce infinitly draining all of your resources . The solution is good economy . Farmers ganerate food , miners extract gold and iron deposits , stone is collected from rocks but all this sounds good in theory . In practice flawed designed of the game does n't show you how many gatherers are per structure . Its very hard to select needed amount of workers to put them in the mine . You have to expande the mines from original 5 villys allowed to speed up gathering.The amount of buildings to build is overwhelming -LRB- 18-20 in total -RRB- , upgrading troops and economy just puts so much pressure onto plyaer that only hardcore rts fan will like this sado-masochism . Upgrads require a mix of resources and 5 resources make it very difficult to remember what proportions of which has to be used for immense amount of upgrades . The micromanagment is very hard beacuse peasants are slow to respond Remembering units cost is a chore because the price varies and combines 3 separate resources . The user interface is confusing , heavy , menues give poor information . Selecting a necessary number of peaseant , say , put into the mine is aggravating nerve torture.In two words , plese STAY CLEAR of this monster game , its the worst example how the RTS game should be made . Avoid this game at all cost . You 've been warned . One guys sad that this game is the same branch from the tree where Cossacks and American Conqueste are growing from . So take my advice , forget them because there time has passed . They are outdated and only attractive thing is their box art . Do not fall for it .
 It Wo n't runIt Wo n't uninstallThey Wo n't support itWhat more can I say ?
 This game is awful , that is why you still see it for sale . 2D graphics , They used the movie to sell the game .
 I am a big Zelda fan and this game was different from other Zelda games like it was a sidescroling rpg type game . That idea could acctully have made this a great game but the thing I realy hated is that this game is like the hardest game ever . If you die three times your done for . Also the enimies are way too hard . Being able to use magic was preaty cool though and unlike the first zelda game you can see people walk through the towns instead of standing in one spot which was preaty facinating back than . I wouldnt recomend buying this game but if you do see it for like a dollar or two than go check it out . I think every Zelda game is worth trying out even this one .
 I had emailed this company to cancel my order when I realized I had ordered the wrong Zelda , but they never responded to me , even after 3 or 4 emails.This game is boring and not as much as fun as the other Zelda games
 When I was a kid , whenever I went to my uncle 's house , one of the first things I would look forward to doing was playing The Legend Of Zelda on his NES , since I did n't own the game myself . One Christmas I was looking for the first Zelda game to get as a Christmas present -LRB- since my parents never knew what to get me , they always let me pick out what presents I wanted -RRB- , but could n't find it anywhere . Instead , I found a game called `` Zelda 2
 If you liked The Legend of Zelda Link 's Awakening and you want more of the same , do not buy this game . I 've had it for one day and I am trading it in . It is nothing like the other Zelda games ; the graphics are different and it is side scrolling instead of overhead view . There are no clues . I did n't get past the first level - and I did n't want to continue . It is not fun or interesting . I felt like I was playing something like Ms. Pac Man .
 When I first got The Nightmare of Druaga , I was unable to load it up because at the time my wife had a death grip on the controller as she was playing her new game , Ratchet & Clank
 I had a few fleeting reservations when I purchased this off-brand memory card , but the lure of getting twice the memory of the Sony card for the same price won me over . When I opened the package , I immediately noticed that the construction of the card itself was poor -- it felt cheap , light , and rattled when I shook it . Still , I had a new game that I wanted to play , so I threw caution to the wind and plugged it in . The card seemed fine to me for the next several days , as I was only playing a single game and had just one save file on the card . The problem sprang up when I went to save a game file from a second game . It said the card was corrupted . My family and I tried two or three other games , and they would not save to the card either . Thankfully , the game file for the original game still works -LRB- although from reading other reviews , it seems that I should n't count on that -RRB- , but I basically paid $ 15 to save that one game , since the card is useless otherwise . Save yourself some trouble and skip this card .
 ive had a sony ps2 mem card for three years now that still works great . i bought this card , rather , got it for a gift , about a year ago . well now it has begun to corrupt my game files and it wont erase them and i cant save anthing or load anything from it . DO NOT buy this product , by a sony card they work great .
 This memory card is the most piece of junk i 'd ever seen i gottin 2 of these in the summer on one memory card it always says format failed and the oher memory card when you want to look at you saved games it will load up the first two games and then it goes back to the main menu and another thing there built so damn cheap .
 RAM failed!I am unable to access memory via browser.Memory should never do this .2 buns down
 The card is close to being useless . I can save external files for my games but I ca n't save my actual game on it . I 'm planning to get an 8meg card for my PS2 for my main saves . If you ask me , do not get this product .
 After a year or two i went to play a game and everything was GONE . Had worked fine until now . It erased everything that i had , and i had the whole 16mb card FULL . Just buy 2 regular memory cards instead .
 I bought this memory card a few months ago for less than the price of the Sony 8 MB card . I thought it was a great deal since it holds twice the memory for less money . DO NOT BE FOOLED ! This product seems to be defective . What happens -LRB- at least to me and seemingly to several others -RRB- is that the card does work for a little while ; then when one is trying to save a new game or overwrite an old save , it tells you that the save failed because the card was removed -LRB- when it was not removed -RRB- and now your data is corrupted and you have lost all your progress . Do not save your games on this card . You may very well lose it in the end . I very likely will not buy any more products from this company -LRB- at least those designed for video games -RRB- because , at least to me , their products are not trustworthy .
 I bought this yesterday from our local Toys R Us after reading about others ' negative experiences in trying to get it from Amazon , and I 'm really disappointed so far , because my PS2 wo n't recognize it . It 's frustrating , to say the least . And now that I 've opened it , I 'm sure that TRU probably wo n't take it back . Waste of money .
 I got this memory card for christmas -LRB- along with an Inuyasha PS2 game that I wanted -RRB- and it woudl n't let me save the game . The game itself did n't recognize it as a memory card at all . when I started the system up it did n't recognize it as a memory card either . I was very dissapointed in this memory card -LRB- since this is the only card I have because I lost my others in my moving to my new home -RRB- . I suggewst you buy Sony or Nyoko -LRB- sp ? -RRB- at least with them you 're sure to be able to save games .
 This is a horrid product . First day out of the box there was a problem saving games . I just thought it was a random glitch but it did it again 2 weeks later and would n't save any games ... . period . So i returned it and here i am buying a sony card ... Stay away from this card .
 Not only does this memory card function extremely slow -LRB- writing and reading -RRB- , I can not even begin to count how many game saves have gone corrupt on this card . I have 4 other Sony 8MB cards that I have yet -LRB- in 4 years -RRB- to see a single corrupt -LRB- blue square icon of death symbol -RRB- file . However , with this card from Datel , I have had many many game saves go corrupt . The most recent and back breaking being 42 hours into okami and the entire save lost . Some others have been MGS2 , MGS3 , Tekken -LRB- multiple -RRB- , various network config files , etc , etc. . Do n't be a cheapskate and jump at this deal . It sounded too good to be true when I bought this card , and it was !!!! Save yourself some ulcers and do n't buy this card . I am now boycotting all things DATEL unless they were to magically send me my dozens of game saves they lost !!!!!
 Do n't buy ! My memory we n't corrupt and now I ca n't load or save anything!Buy Sony 's brand it is better . I 'm never buying from Max Memory again !
 This card is n't worth crap . I bought one at Walmart and after a few days , I had only saved about 2 MB worth of files on it and it kept saying save failed . It acted like it was full even though it said 14 MB of free space . So I returned it , thinking I had a defective unit , and bought another . It did the same exact thing ! Do n't waste your money on this .
 I order this memory card because it was cheaper than the Sony brand . What a mistake , the card never worked . the `` max brand '' is very unreliable at best .
 Dominion D'Chucklehead seems to think that waiting , for an item that is supposed to ship within 24 HOURS , for 2 MONTHS -LRB- !!! -RRB- , is reasonable.I ordered mine on November 20th , as a Christmas gift . Should I have waited until late January before I presented that gift to it 's intended recipient ?! You seem to believe that because Amazon carries a `` GREAT PRODUCT '' -LRB- questionable from the reviews I 've read since -RRB- at a `` FANTASTIC PRICE '' , and that there are many people ordering the product , that Amazon should be relieved of it 's resposibility to advertise their shipping information correctly.Do you work for Amazon or Datel ? It sure sounds that way ! Or maybe you believe , because you live a life that is sheltered , and limited to fantasy game-play , that this is an especially hot item , and there could be no other products from Amazon that could be in as great demand.If the product is not in stock , Amazon should not be stating that the item `` usually ships within 24 hours '' , Period ! How can you possibly make excuses pertaining to the demand of the item . There 's a neat little device now-a-days , it 's called a computer ; maybe you 've heard of it . It 's great for keeping track of things such as inventory.Now ... who 's really the broadcaster of shallowness and ignorance ? Who 's the fool that 's not thinking before he types -LRB- I 'm not even going to bother giving hints here -RRB- ?!! I also think that most people who read these comments would like an answer to the burning question : `` What 's wrong WITH YOU ?!!!
 Apparently reviewer M.Twain is correct about Amazon pulling a fast one . Either that , or they 're just incompetent . The `` usually ships within 24 hours '' statement is obviously false . Below is the shipping information e-mailed to me by Amazon for an order entered on November 15 , 2005 . I 'm canceling it . -------------------------------------------------- Shipping estimate for these items
 I ordered this product last night -LRB- November 28 , 05 -RRB- ... Noting as others have that the description includes `` Usually ships within 24 hours '' . The order confirmation now says the shipping date is expected February 06 . I ordered 2 other non-related items at the same time , and hopefully this is n't holding up everything . I 'm giving this a one star since it seems to be an ongoing problem .
 This card was bought at a Target store at a steep discount to the Sony brand cards and w / 2x the memory . This card has not functioned right from day one - corrupted game files , save errors and in many cases deleted game files lead to a bunch of frustration . Not sure why this is the case , but this card is NOT recommended at all .
 The 32MB capacity of this card is a great value compared to the standard PS2 memory cards . However , this is completely outweighed by the inconvenience of having to load a cd to initialize the card every time you wish to use it . I now only use it to store game data that I do n't use regularly and have reverted to a standard card for day-to-day use . -LRB- Rating would be a 5/5 if initialization was n't necessary -RRB- .
 We have had some problems with these memory cards not being very user friendly . You have to use an installation CD everytime you want to use the cards . But the biggest problem is that we just purchased the new PS2 and we can not get them to work at all . I just opened a brand new one that I had not used previously , but had purchase last Christmas and it does not work either and of course , now , even though I still have all the packaging , receipt and everything since I just opened it , Best Buy wo n't take it back , exchange it , nothing ... I just wasted almost $ 20 on that one and now the other two we had been using are useless also . What a way to burn money . I would n't advise anyone to purchase these memory cards .
 Bought the 64 MB Version to save all of my MGS3 ; Subsistence data including the camo downloads which are about 1MB each . After I saved about 11 MB on the card it started to corrupt my data and would not save or be recognized by the PS2 . Complete waste of time and money . You 're better off with a NYKO memory card , they have n't failed on me yet .
 we had this memory card for 6 monthes and now it just doesnt work anymore . ca n't believe how unbelievable crappy this thing is put together . dont be fooled , just because its 16 mb not 8 like sony 's doesnt mean its a better bargain . now im here on amazon to buy another memory card , a sony 8mb .
 I have two PS2s in two different places , one in Pennsylvania with my brother and the other here in NYC with me . It was becoming a hassle to keep track of which of us got which memory card -LRB- we have two Nykos -RRB- , so I bought the 64mb version of this card -LRB- which Amazon does n't seem to have here -RRB- to put everything worth backing up on one card . I have the Max , my brother has the Nyko cards.I had no problem at all copying the files from the Nykos to the Max , nor have I had any problem with loading files from the Max . The problem comes in with trying to save . I tried to update my We Love Katamari save file , and it no longer lets me . If I save to a different file , it still fails . I 'm currently leaving the system on until I can get to GameStop tomorrow to get a replacement for the Max.Since I bought a 64mb card , it 's not even near full capacity yet . It 's ended up being a waste of money , as I could have saved everything to Nykos . At least those work -- I 've never had a problem with either Nyko memory card.In a nutshell
 This card will not save more than 10MB and it takes a long time to transfer the saves . You will waste a lot of time and end up very frustrated ! Pure garbage .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- It is absolute crap . Users are forced to boot first from a software CD , and then swap the CD for the game . This in itself is a hassle , but besides that , it does n't work at all . I have tried booting with the software CD but the CD does n't spin up at all . I finally went out -LRB- the day after Christmas -RRB- and bought a Sony 8MB memory card . Hopefully the vendor will exchange this piece of junk ...
 I have this memory card . After I have saved about 8 mb on it I try to save something on it but it keeps on saying `` Save Failed '' `` Save Failed '' `` Save Failed '' `` Save Failed '' . It has been driving me crazy and that is why I am buying a new memory card right this second .
 THis product does not work . It does not connect to my standard N64 controller . I need a replacement . SO until they replace it with one that fits I have to say this is terrible .
 Ummm , this game is ok to play but just.I mean you go around and shoot things from one level to another skipping between the future and the past.The game play DOES become tedious and you should lose any enagaement with it after the first say 3 to 5 levels . Its not a particulary hard game , basically all get is swarms of AI coming for yah over and over and over AND OVER again with the occasional punch up.The story begins with a prelude to the T3 film it is based on and then becomes involved with the events within the movie itself.Graphically the CG scenes are quite good but still quite average and the actual gaming graphics is , at times horrid , but always never above average.Game play is ok with you just knocking things off and there is an auto aim by pressing yah left trigger which can either help of hinder yah shooting depending on what yah trying to aim at , -LRB- auto aim will only lock on to one thing at a time -RRB- . The flying AI will drive yah a bit insane.Immersion is pretty bad for the average player but for fans of the films you make get a kick from being the Terminator and shooting other models of terminators , but i think this will be average and eventually dull gameplay for even the most die hard fan.The extras are a bonus but are certainly not worth the full price of this game -LRB- maybe a cheap second hand copy would be a good purchase for fans -RRB- . Arnold 's voice is a good addition to the game but becomes repeative and even though the Terminator is meant to be quite dry in tone and response , this Terminator tone sounds plained bored and its quite clear that Arnold was given a list of responses and quoted them quickly , picked up his pay cheque and left the sound recording thinking '' Hasta La Vista Baby '' . There is just no enthusaim in this game.The controls are just ok and its not hard to adjust to with about a 5 to 20 min learning time depending on yah experience and ability . For the most you will be shooting but occasionally you get a punch up and though the creators have justified the combot moving like a tank as these are Terminators not Kung-foo heros , it still just does n't feel right and looks terrible . I do n't expect them to do high , slow mode kicks and punches but i do expect some sort of fluidity with the controls . The fighting in this game is blocky , heavy and tank-like with you feeling your moving a 2 ton mach truck and moving it badly . I mean remeber the fight in the passage way of the shopping mall between Arnold and the T-1000 . The one where John Connor realises he is in some serious doggy doo . Well this was heavy handed fighting , but was fluid . The way they oushed each other into the walls and through them . Each move moved into another gracefully but forcefully . Thats what this game should have adapted to . More combos might have helped this situation and tighter controls . Basically more care with the game and more creative ways of combat would have helped.Overall the game is just poorly average and is one to buy at full price ONLY for those that have the cash to waste or consider themselfs to be die hard fans that simply must have everything Terminator . Personally id rather watch the movies but i may pick this up when its in a bargin bin somewhere so i have the extras.Rent this game lads - Do n't buy - buy the movies instead !!!!
 Terminator 3
 Well , what can one say about this game.I guess your here wanting to know whether this game is any good or not ? Answer
 Dear buyer I am a person who loves terminator.I have alot of terminator toys , movies and games.Every think that was made for terminator was realy good except for this one game . It really bites the dust . When I saw the making of the game they said it was amazing . They said that it would take some time to finsh playing the game . It took me one day . After I finshed thought that it was a waste of my time and money . There is no replay value at all . I mean atleast have a multiplayer mode or something intresting . I say that if you really want to play this game rent it or buy it used at a good price . A really good price .
 Unlike many others , I enjoyed the third Terminator film and was looking forward to playing the game . A fantastic demo starts the game with an extension of the film 's storyline ; this is a stunning sight , with great energy and amazing graphics , and then you play the game ... The controls are terrible , the action is repetitive and even the sound effects are annoying . Included on the disc is a demo of the next game titled ` Terminator 3
 I bought this cheap so got lucky on that front , but this game could have been so much better . Graphically its not bad - bit boring seeing the same old terminator endoskeleton wandering toward you over and over again -LRB- maybe a different color occassionally -RRB- but it holds well . The backgrounds are a little ropey and its often difficult to find the way out of a building because the walls look totally the same but its still playable . Ah ha thats a word ! Playable - well i ran through the game - it took maybe 3 hours got the secrets -LRB- the arcade games from the movie -RRB- and all the the extras and movie clips and ... erm ... i probably wont play it again , unless i am that bored and every other game -LRB- other than auto modalista -RRB- are broken -LRB- i hope that game breaks !!! -RRB- But to play it - remember the movie , as thats is what it is , a game of a movie , if you know the movie , you know exactly whats going to happen . Maybe be if TNT or spike have it on one night it might inspire you to play it again.All in all its not bad , its not great - its ... erm ... terminator 3
 This game is dark , dank , gritty and boring ! The controls are extremely hard to master because you have to use both of the analog sticks to walk and turn and aim all at the same time . The graphics are cool and so are the actor 's voice overs , but that 's the only redeeming uality about this lame-fest ! Do n't buy this waste of $ 50 , wait for the next one to come out , that game is going to rock !
 Basically , this game 's not worth anyone 's money . I bought this game thinking it would be pretty good , but boy was I surprised . This game has ok graphics , terrible gameplay , and no story at all . I wish this game was never made because it made Atari look stupid . The only upside about it is that it has a Terminator liscence , which is always cool -LRB- except this time -RRB- .
 I was actually looking forward to playing Terminator 3 on the PS2 and had high expectations for it , just like I had had with the Enter the Matrix game earlier this year . And once again , just like with Enter the Matrix , I should have known better . Everything about this game is bad , real bad . The entire game just seems so poorly pieced together that it comes off as a hack job . The graphics are bland with chunky polygons , the controls are clunky , the missions are boring and repetitive , and the game all together is too easy . There are extras to unlock such as CG segments and actual scenes deleted from the film , but nothing here is worth laying down hard earned money for whether it 's purchase or a rental . The mediocre Terminator
 THE ONLY REASON THIS GAME GETS 2STARS ITS ALL BECAUSE OFF ARONLD SCHWARZENEGGER THEY MADE HIM LOOK AMAZING AND IS VOICE SOUNDS GREAT.BESIDES THAT THIS GAME IS TERMINATED GAME OVER .
 THE ONLY REASON THIS GAME GETS 2STARS BECAUSE OFF ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER LOOKS GREAT SOUNDS GREAT . BESIDES THAT THIS GAME SHOULD BE CALLED RISE OFF THE CRAP .
 Although not completely horrible -- I did bother to finish the game , after all , although I `` cheated '' a bit , this game is a great disappointment . It could have been so much more . Contra mainstream opinions , I 'm usually a big fan of movie tie-in games -- they 're often my favorites . But this is one case where I can painfully see the common criticism lobbed against these titles -- Terminator 3 seems as if it were ridiculously rushed through production.Almost all of this game is a first person shooter . The controls are completely non-intuitive . There 's not much of a story . You basically go through a number of very simple maze-like environments and shoot Terminators and machinery/weapons . Most levels are just variations on the same thing , over and over . It 's not that the game is n't challenging ; as I mentioned , I had to employ cheats to complete it -- invincibility and unlimited ammunition . But the challenge is n't what you 'd like it to be . What makes the game so difficult is that -LRB- 1 -RRB- the controls are very difficult to get used to -- it takes a long time to become acclimated to moving around the environments , firing weapons , and so on ; and -LRB- 2 -RRB- the graphics are horrible -- most of the game is way too dark , whenever you get close to anything all you can see is a blur , and you can very easily walk into walls and corners , so that if you turn around , you just get a black blur turning into a brown blur , with a white square blur over there , and so on . Meanwhile , there is an endless barrage of terminators and flying machines firing on you , so even if you ca n't see anything to find them , they 'll quickly kill you and you have to start all over . I ca n't see how anyone could make it through this game without the invincibility cheat . It also does n't help that mission objectives are relayed by a woman mumbling in a monotone voice , but thankfully they are also given to you in a text form.Because it was so difficult to maneuver and see what I was doing , I had to routinely switch to my `` map '' screen . But the map screen takes a lot of the fun out of the game , as it shows you very easily where you are and just where you need to go . I 'd walk a few yards in one direction , bump into a wall and see a bunch of blurry stuff , go to the map screen to figure out which way I was facing , go back to the main game screen , turn as necessary , and repeat . Most of the time when I got to the stuff I needed to get to in order to complete my next objective , I had little idea what I was attaining . I just new I had to go there because the map screen showed it , and once I got there , it said my objective was complete.Maybe I 'm not much of a fan of first-person shooters . I have n't played a lot of them yet , although I 've played some . I do n't remember them being as unpleasant to control as this game is.The real crime , though , is that this could have been such a great game . During the boss fights , you get to play Arnold in a third person mode . That was already a great improvement . When the environments were n't so dark , and when they were n't just more variations on the anonymous post-apocalyptic wastelands that all look the same and just amount to a lot of mindless shooting where it does n't matter which of the thirty guns you use , the game was actually pretty fun . I love the Terminator films , and I even liked the third installment -- there was a story there that would have been fun to play in a third person mode . Some of the graphics work was done for a better game , as the cut scenes in 3D PlayStation graphics were far more entertaining , varied and engaging than the game -LRB- although a sign of being a rush job was present in later cut scenes just being film clips -RRB- . I wanted to be doing those other tasks instead . They should have had you drive the crane through Los Angeles . They should have had some sections of the game that had puzzles instead of just shooting stuff level after level . There should have been some interaction with other characters . Even with the game design as it stood , it could have been much better with better graphics , lighting and control.It 's probably worth picking this game up if you 're a huge Terminator or first-person shooter fan , as you should be able to get it very cheaply -LRB- as I did -RRB- . At least with the cheats on , it was entertaining enough -- and even occasionally fun -- to work through the game once -LRB- although with the cheats on , you can do it in a few hours , but it 's better than hour after hour of frustration without them -RRB- . Just do n't expect too much and try to not think too much about the game that could have been .
 Game need to have a whole body view of the user character . Need a better map ofwhere the character is going . To many enemies as targets . Makes it to difficultto use weapons .
 I gave this game a rent and decided not to buy it . The positive is the game is the first game to play as Arnold . We get his voice and his likeness . It also includes cool CG cutscenes that answer a couple questions about the movie . It is a first person shooter using a variety of weapons against the forces of skynet plus some hand to hand combat with the T-X . The bad this game is filled with so so many glitches . This games graphics are dreamcast quality at best . Bad edging , poor resolution , and terrible beyond belief cameras . Bumping into something often causes you to turn the opposite direction where it takes a few minutes to get back on track . This is both stupid and frustrating . Glitches run all around . Objects often dissappear after being hit , you can climb stairs without touching them , and explosions are very bad . After you go in the past the only thing you do with your gun is shoot cops in the leg . Arnold and Krisstana Loken make a deal in the making of feature about it being there likeness but it realy does n't look like them and does n't do the movie all the justice . This game out have been much better if they worked on it more . As it is the game is unfinished and unworthy . Worth a rental not a buy . One thing I have to applaud the game for is it has DTS sound in gameplay . It is the only game I know of that does this which makes it revolutionary and it provides and excellent surround sound feel . Still I wish whatever work making the sound so excellent should have gone into making the graphics and gameplay not so unfinished . It includes a playable demo for a new Terminator game called Terminator 3 Repemtion . This game demo and far far superior graphics and gameplay to the actual game . From what I see in this demo Terminator 3 Repemption is everything I wanted this game to be . It will be out in summer 2004 I am waiting for it and so should you . As for this game worth a rental not a buy .
 No issues with the seller . Prompt delivery and product was in the advertised condition . The game is not worth purchasing at any price .
 This game is no longer state of the art and I doubt it ever was . Graphics are disappointing and the missions tend to be biased . The whole concept of issuing orders and then waiting for sixty seconds to see how they turn out is unrealistic . Even in the 40ies troups were equipped with radio that made battle more agile and modern warfare possible .
 this is the worst game i have ever played . junk junk junk ... ron
 I heard so many good things about this game so i went and paid 60 of my hard earned dollars on this game . I personally think the game is awful . I myself am a pretty good singer but this game got boring after 10 minutes . I am looking to trade it in already because i can not see myself ever playing it again . I hate being disappointed .
 How the hell can this game be over $ 100 ????? I have the other two and I paid no where NEAR this amount ... . what gives ?
 The game at first looks promising but as you go through the first level you will not get much more then that . Of course you 'll learn a new move as you progress but nothing to boost about . The worse parts of the game is the repeating vocal lines as they fight . Which you 'll hear over and over . Limited fighting moves . The awful camera angles that will not let you see that might be ready to attack you . The only highlight is to see the short cartoon clips that are between each level .
 I wish that instead of insulting us 80 's children they could do some justice for such a great series . This game was Final Fight , minus all cool combos and awesome boss fights . Audio clips were minimal and repetative . Cutscenes were poorly animated , if at all . Boo
 I found that the game was ok the only thing was that it was a one player game when there is so many games out there what are more then one player me i would say that i would not buy it for myself for this reason i only got beacse i got for a gift
 I was looking forward to playing the new turtles game because like a few others on here , I grew up with the turtles from the 80 's . Now I am a HUGE fan of changing stories up and making things more interesting , but these turtles were cheesy !!! The boss fights in the Arcade version and other turtle games were FAR more exciting and a lot less repetitive . I played the game through and recognized only about 2 enemies from the original
 Alright , let me say this right off the bat . . the people who gave this game four or five stars obviously have not played it long enough or are just bias and are being kind to the turtles because they 're strong fans.Really , the only good part of this game is the graphics and the co-op play -LRB- meaning you can play with a friend at the same time , completing levels . However , you can only play 2 player co-op when there are 4 turtles . . why ca n't we play co-op with 4 people ?? -RRB- . The graphics are `` cell shaded , '' meaning that it sort of looks like the cartoons through smooth and slick characters and scenary.Now for the bad part of the game -LRB- everything else -RRB- . The difficulty of the game is outrageous . Even on easy , it 's impossible to get past the first couple of levels without yelling at your turtles and throwing the controller to the ground . The levels are split into multiple stages and if you die on any stage , you have to start all the way at the beginning . This would n't be such an annoyance , but with the five to twenty minte long stages , it becomes tedious and unforgiving.The audio 's nothing to brag about , either . Everytime you make your turtle do a combo or powerful attack , he shouts out some catchphrase like , `` NOW I 'm mad , '' `` let 's play stickball . i 've got the stick . you be the ball ! '' or `` bad guy corner pocket . '' After an hour or so , you can predict what your turtle will say and start lipsyncing to these godawful lines . The background loop is n't the greatest . It remains the constant , sort of quick tempo song one would expect . It does n't get more intense during big fights or slow durng calmer moments , which does n't take much away , but it 's just one of those things that makes a good game even better . Unfortionately , this is n't a good game , and with these repetitive taunts from the turtles and quite poorly looped soundtrack , things just keep getting worse.The storyline is pretty lame and if the ninja turtles were n't the main characters , I would n't have cared at all . I think the game 's about the turtles going through some bosses and then getting to Shredder . There are some cutscenes that are animated and look exactly like the new television series , but when it cuts to the ingame movies , it 's laughable . -LRB- ingame cutscenes are quick movies played inbetween sections of levels and are made quickly by the creators of the game , using weak graphics -RRB- . In these ingame cutscenes , the turtles ' mouths do n't even move and to continue the dialouge , you have to press X , like the games back in the day for N64.I 'm pretty sure I 've missed some other bad features of this game , but what i 've said should be enough . Unfortionately , there are people that just see it 's a Ninja Turtles game and automatically give it five stars , without actually playing it first and giving the game an actual chance to show its true self.I suggest this game to be rented with a couple friends -LRB- which will be enjoyed all night , fighting through the levels , getting mad , but still having fun -RRB- but do n't buy it . Any time longer than a night or afternoon playing this game will drive you mad , and there 's no replay value , making your fifty bucks seem to have just washed down the drain .
 I was n't really interested in this game at first ... but after thinking about how good the one for super nintendo was , I got it for play station 2 . The game itself has good graphics and a good story line ... it is way too repetitive ... and it gets old fast . You are limited to the four characters -LRB- Leonardo , Donatelo , Michael Angelo , and Raphael . -RRB- I think its better if you can choose from a variety of characters . Anyway , in my opinion , you are better off renting this game , since you cant return them at your local wal-mart : -RRB-
 Well , this game is ok , but Konami really made this game pretty bad . Here are a list of bad things about this game : WAY TOO MUCH VIOLENCE , WAY TOO MUCH TALKING , -LRB- `` Slice n ' dice '' x 1000 = annoiance -RRB- LEVELS ARE SHORT BUT TAKE 20-50 MINUTES TO COMPLETE , `` INVISIBLE WALL '' PREVENTS RETREATING , TOO SHORT , REALLY HARD BOSSES AND LEVELS TO MAKE YOU SPAZ , PRICE , and GETS BORING AFTER AWHILE.Still fun , but rent it first . Do n't buy it for little kids unless they are prone to violence .
 Like previous reviews have stated , it seems very much like a remake of the old TMNT games for nes , but with better graphics . The most amusing part of the game was playing it on Christmas and seeing the turtles wear santa hats . I could only stomach playing the game for about 10 minutes before it got repetetive and boring . The cell shading is a nice touch but does little to enhance the overall playability of the game . If you 're a huge Turtles fan , you might enjoy the game , but I 'd suggest renting it before you buy it .
 This game is basically the 3D version of the old Nintendo Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles game . What you do in the game is to fight , fight and fight . No mission , no other aims . Graphics are not very special either . I agree with the pervious review that this game is not so good .
 The graphics are ugly and resemble a cartoon . The worst part though is the stupid phrases that come out of the turtles ' mouth -LRB- talk about annoying -RRB- . A game that little kids would enjoy , not adults .
 ... and it was , for a few minutes . It really was satisfying to rack up a 30-hit combo while destroying five or six foot soldiers all at once , just like the old-school TMNT arcade games . And the cel-shaded graphics look awesome.Unfortunately , killing an endless stream of soldiers and robots -LRB- who rarely vary -RRB- gets old really fast , and the stages are pretty boring despite the colorful graphics . One stage takes place on a subway platform , and I thought trains would be roaring by every now and then , but they do n't . As others have mentioned , the sound bites really are annoying , especially Mike 's -LRB- Eat feet ! Eat feet ! Eat feet ! Eat feet ! ad nauseum -RRB- . The challenge is quite uneven - the stages are incredibly easy , but you 'll waste all your lives when you get to the final boss . And you wo n't want to start over when the stage took you 30 minutes to get through .
 What are all the people giving this game good reviews for ? This game is incredibly BORING !!!! It gets so old after awhile that i could only play a few levels and i just had to turn it off in disgust . I wasted my money on it , BIG MISTAKE ! If you really want to see for yourselves , rent it , DO NOT BUY IT !!!!
 Horrible customer support ! Product does not work ! junk junk junk ! We have a defective product , so that none of our computers will recognize the unit and customer support ignores our request for help . Do n't waste your money !!
 i tried to load this on both my xp cprs -LRB- one with xp home , sp 3 ; one with xp prof , sp 2 -RRB- . a cryptic graphics error came back on both computers when the game was loaded . email support from the company suggested that i updated all my graphics drivers , and indeed , everything i could update.did so , and the xp home cpr still showed the same error , while the one with xp prof worked ! do n't know why , but my daughter -LRB- age 10 -RRB- played the game and really enjoyed it.however , she only got to play for a few hours , and then -LRB- silly me -RRB- i updated that computer again due to * microsoft * requirements that the xp license be ok , blah blah , in order to download their new free anti-virus software . then all that had to be updated so that i could scan my computer to be free from viruses , blah blah.guess what ? now * that * computer shows the same graphics error and i can no longer run this game ! so i 'm thinking this software works with a limited window of xp computers and graphics boards -- ones that have drivers updated , but not too updated?no help from the company aside from the previous suggestion of updates . we are very disappointed !
 I am sure the game is great , but I was told I would have no problem playing it on my windows vista computer -- HOWEVER -- After several emails with the support website for this product , I come to find out that this game is NOT COMPATIBLE with WINDOWS VISTA 64BIT OPERATING SYSTEM ... It might work if you have windows vista 32bit system ???? Good luck ! ... Just be aware of what operating system you have !
 Wish they would make a NEW verison of this that would be compatible with something other than Windows XP and 98 . We have Windows 7 and it does n't run on it . Made my son really sad to not be able to play this game when he got it . The seller was awesome though and allowed me to return it . When my son HAD this game 3 years ago on his old computer he LOOOOOVED it and that is why we bought it again ... then we realized its still the old version . So I WOULD give it a high rating -LRB- at least a 4 star -RRB- for playability and fun but because you can no longer play it on any current machine - it gets a 1 star rating from us .
 Look at the picture , on the bottom right it says 3 cd set , but in the description it says dvd
 this game was meant for Windows 95 -LRB- hard to believe -RRB- It will not work on W7 or Vista . I doubt W XP either .
 The single player missions are just god aweful and super unfair and the multiplay needs massive improvement .
 Placed an order for this game Jan 8 , 2004 with a gift certificate I got for Christmas -- listed as shipping in 1-2 days . Gamestop.com was listed as provider , and they had it in stock to ship w/in 24hrs -LRB- they still do and have had in stock during this entire period -RRB- . It 's now Jan 27th , and the game still has n't shipped . Repeated emails to customer service have yielded nothing but impersonal form letters that say nothing.If you want to play this game soon , do n't buy it at Amazon.com -- go into any one of BestBuy , Target , Walmart , CompUSA , etc. which all have this game on their shelves right now!Delays w / amazon seem to be getting worse -- at least they have gift certificates to snare you with ! Would have given 0 stars , but was n't an option .
 The original , Advance Wars , was a great 5 star game that combined strategy and a fun storyline to create a great game . The downfall of this game was adding science-fiction . The new neo-tank looks like a meteor with a gun and the new COs are really quite creepy . The added pipeline feature makes no sense , why should you have to control one section of pipeline to cross ? Last , after all the reviews and coverages I 've read about this game the only new unit is the horrible neo-tank . That is why it deserves a 2 .
 the pack might stink but for all you out there ps2 is better than xbox it has and will all ways ... ps bill gates made it because hes jelous !!! ps2 # 1 !!!
 this is terrible , even it 's in one pack , but why they ship them seperately
 When I first heard of PS2 , I thought this would definitely be the system too buy . When I had bought it , I realized all the hype about it was false . I kept chucking the controller down when it took 5 minutes to load Madden 2002 . The loading time was outrageously long . Then in late November , when Gamecube had come out , I bought it ... SO then when , I had bought Gamecube along with Rouge Leader , which was good , I waited anxiouly for Super Smash Brothers Melee . AND WAS IT GOOD ! Nintendo had come out with a game in they 're first month with the Gamecube than had PS2 had ever had ... Nintendo has way better games than even PS2 ... And for you people who think Gamecube has kiddie games ... like how Nintendo is sticking to Zelda . Well I do n't think most `` kiddies '' can beat Zelda . Gamecube has Metroid Prime , Rouge Spear , Eternal Darkness Sanity 's Return , Six Resident Evil Games ... in the making and much more still to come out ... Gamecube is the system to get and has more third party developers than any other console . Just wait to they get more games out and we 'll see who will win the console war .
 Ever crash headfirst into a cactus ? Trust me -- it 's not a very pleasant experience . Neither is playing Extreme Go-Kart Racing , for that matter , seeing as the aforementioned event is one of the many negative occurrences that you will experience in this game . Not only are the poorly animated graphics reminiscent of every bad claymation film ever made and the characters ' voices too goofy and unintelligible for all but the most avid cartoon fan to take seriously , but the controls are so sloppy and unresponsive that smashing your kart head-first into obstacles is one of the most likely occurrences that will happen to you as you try to out-drive six other competitors at once . Even pulling out at the beginning of the race is difficult and will leave you mashing the acceleration and directional buttons in an effort to simply roll out of last place . Using the Turbo and Drift functions does no good during the race , either , as both only encourage the likeliness of smacking into something . Your only hope of ever coming out on top , then , is to run over your opponents , since there are no weapons available to help clear them out of your path . Of course , you must be sure that your kart is heavier than that of another racer , because if not , all you 'll do is spin out of control and lose valuable time -- a very irritating predicament , indeed . To make matters worse , you only start out with one of several tracks on which you can practice your driving skills in Time Attack mode , the rest of which you can only unlock after you fumble your way across them in Grand Prix mode . Therefore , there is little -LRB- if ANYTHING -RRB- you can do to prepare for future dangers other than face them head-on in the tournament itself.Only the most forgiving PSX owner will find anything worthy in Extreme Go-Kart Racing . Everyone else , in contrast , will be left to wonder as to when the people at A1 Games will clean up their act and actually HIRE people to test their games before they put them out on the market , as it is quite evident that they did not do so here .
 While Tall
 The main problem I had with this thing is that I never had the disc to set it up with.It 's pretty stupid that they did n't include a webinterface on this thing , luckily I was able to flash it with a new firmware . The alternative firmware has support for wpa as well.For directions on how to update it , just do a search for '' -LSB- Microsoft -RSB- Hack MN-740 to tal DGL-3420 firmware '' . Good luck !
 I 'm somewhat technically savvy and I could not get this to work for my 360 . I bought the newer -LRB- 360 -RRB- adapter and that worked without a problem .
 Product did n't work on my x-box 360 . Spent 1/2 hour with Microsoft Tech/customer support and they were no help . I assume it will work with a regular x-box . It was easy to return with Amazon , a painless and easy transaction .
 After reading all the reviews for this product , we decided to purchase this item over the 360 version . However , it would not connect to our wireless system . I do n't really know what the problem was , but my husband tried connecting it several times . He finally got too frustrated after an hour or so and went to Game Stop to buy the 360 version . We had no problem connecting with that one . So , I 'm just warning that it may not be as `` easy '' as some said it was .
 It DOES work for the XBox 360 ... when it feels like it . Buggy does n't even begin to describe it ! For some reason , this piece of garbage only fully connects at night ... is it a vampire ? I do n't know.Drops out of connections ALL THE TIME ... and then takes fifteen minutes to reboot ... just to DROP OUT AGAIN !!!! I hate this thing almost as much as my original XBox!What is WRONG with you , MICROSOFT ?!??!?
 What a waste . Would not work with our gateway network . After many attempts -LRB- including trying to contact Microsoft and Xbox for info/assistance -RRB- we gave up in frustration and bought the higher priced newer adapter . The new one works fine but this one would have required that we reconfigure our home network in order to use . The error messages informed us that we could find the info online but could not locate -LRB- and I am a student in knowledge management ! -RRB- . We also sent it back to Microsoft stating that it was unusable and they just sent it right back without any explanation . Poor product and poor service .
 Since there is no WPA PSK -LRB- at least without flashing firmware back to a DLink adapter , this seems to be a DLink adapter with microsoft firmware that does not have WPA !!! -RRB- it 's a bad deal , current wifi networks should use WPA . WEP is an old technology and not very good.help !
 Unless you are using the obsolete WEP encryption standard , this wont work on your network . There is no firmware update available to make it so that it is compatible with WPA or WPA2 without completely removing its ability to work with the 360 . So unless you are willing to switch your network to WEP encryption -LRB- a decision which depends on how paranoid you are for the most part -RRB- , then you will have to purchase the one made by Microsoft or route your 360 through your laptop or PC -LRB- which is fairly easy to do -RRB- .
 I 've had one of these adapters before , and after changing the security settings on my wireless network , it worked fine without a hitch . When that one finally went belly up , I did not hesitate get another of the same type because the first one had worked so well , and why spend the extra money . Right ? The second one has been a big ole pain in the rear from the get go . It took me two days to get it up and running the first time , absolutely would NOT recognize wireless network , unplugged/replugged , reset , rebooted a zillion times ... nada . I spent hours reading user forums , and finally tried someone 's suggestion to connect it directly to wireless router from which it `` read '' the network configuration , reconnected to XBox and got it working . For a couple of days . Then lost connection and had to start all over , had to manually enter network settings , got it going again . For a couple of days . This scenario has recurred about four times in the past three weeks . Today absolutely nothing worked , including the connecting to wireless router that had worked before . At that point , I did the only thing left to do . I took it out on the back porch and beat it with a hammer . I hated like heck to pay so much more for the new one specifically for the 360 -LRB- tell me again why every other system has wireless built in -RRB- , sometimes you just got to bite the bullet for the sake of your sanity.So . Yes . It will work with the 360 . If you 're lucky . Or maybe not .
 this product does support new security for wireless modems save your self the hasle and just order the new wireless addapter for xbox
 I read reviews before purchasing this item so I did not load the software . Just plugged it straight to the xbox . It spotted my wireless account but did not accept my WEP code . When I called my provider to ensure I provided the right code -LRB- which was the proper code -RRB- , they adviced me that in any event , for online gaming , i 'm better off hardwiring the box -LRB- which defeated the purpose of the equipment -RRB- . I 've since returned the product and received my refund .
 Why do you need a wireless network if all the necesary equipment HAS to be in the same room -LRB- computer , router , xbox , adapter -RRB- ? It also does n't say that mcrowaves and 2.4 GHZ phones interfere with it . I 've tried everything and it shows a faint network signal but can not find an IP address . Absolute junk , should 've spent $ 20 for a 100 foot ethernet cable now i 'm stuck with this crappy box and blinky green lights .
 Xbox Wireless Network Adapter MN740I ordered this unit as advertized for $ 39.99 + super saver shipping and tax . The unit was never delivered as USPS claimed it was undeliverable due to insufficient address info . Well I know the USPS people in my city and found out that they never did attempt to deliver it and my address info was 100 % correct and deliverable !!! It was returned to Amazon and they told me that I would be credited for the item and if I still want it then I would need to reorder it again . Well when I checked it again it was now $ 49.99 !!! What a rip !!!! Hard lesseon learned I guess . Forget Amazon - no more.Xbox Wireless Network Adapter MN740
 This item is for the original xbox . This will not work for any xbox 360 . Buyer beware .
 My favorite game use to be Day of Defeat -LRB- DOD -RRB- , that is , the old DOD 1.3 ie the one before source . It was the best only game ever . The graphics were n't spectacular , but decent . The reason I liked that game was for it 's maps , gameplay , and sound . I was an expert with rifles . I never had kills less than four times my deaths . I was good at aiming/reacting/shooting . I had serious SKILLS . So ... they announce the release of DOD : source . Better graphics , better sound . Of all the people in the world , I was the person who could wait the least to try the upgraded DOD : source . So , I bought the DOD : source . first 30 mins ... ok i get it ... i get what changes they ahve made . Let me tell you the good changes first . They have improved the graphics in DOD : source from it 's predecessor SPECTACULARLY . I am sure you can read how good they are in others ' comments . SOUND is awesome -- gun sounds , ambient sounds . Maps look spectacular as well . LOts of detail in graphics , sound , and maps . Now ... THE DISAPPOINTMENT
 I had been a fan of Day of Defeat for years.When I heard that they would bring the game to source , I Was delighted . When I saw this , I was deflated.The Classes are all neutered , there are only 4 small maps and the playstyle has completly fallen apart.This is makeup on a pig . Pretty graphics with nothing underneath
 The Source engine is a beautiful thing , excellent physics , good rendering . All around a nice platform for the Half Life 2 game.Having said that , Day of Defeat
 It was supposed to be the Source Port of a GREAT GameDoD 1.3 -LRB- still free if you own Half Life -RRB- was the best WWII FPS around.Source would have been great if they KEPT THE GAMEPLAY!They didntThey failedand this ... . this is some suit 's idea of what WWII game would sell ... This is NOT Day of Defeat
 DoD : Source is very close to the worst possible game that it could have been .1 . The guns miss , and are weak .2 . The classes have been cut down in size and capability .3 . 6 maps , for a game that 's been out a long time.Valve , in their desire to mindlessly gather new players , gears the new game to be good to them . Instead of a new player getting defeated until he improves , and the veteran ruling the servers , everyone is entered into a crapshoot lottery of whose bullets will land and do significant damage . The veteran is frustrated by the `` skill ceiling '' and the noob is perplexed why he seemed better than he should be at the beginning , but never gets any better .
 This game would have been worth buying over a year ago . You can find more bang for your buck elsewhere .
 This could be a good game if there was a way to play it other than online . Unfortunately , the description of the game does n't tell you that that 's the only way it works .
 DoD : S is nothing compared to the orig . They did n't keep any of the good stuff from the orig . Source lost pistols for all characters and lost the carbine as a primary and they lost the bayonettes . Not only that but the game play that was in it has been reduced to nothing . Some of the great maps are no longer around.Valve has killed this game .
 this game is simply and solely an attempt to be call of duty . when will people realize that the COD series is the only truly good ww2 game series out there ? this game can be a decent amount of fun , but it comes across as an under-funded counterstrike clone with different graphics . well , if i wanted to play CS , i 'd play CS !! the weapons control is n't that great.and to top it off , here 's the WORST part of this game - i went on recently and all the servers had a bunch of `` people '' in them . you know what they were ? if you guessed bots , you 're wrong ! they were FAKE PEOPLE . that 's right , the morons running all the DOD servers put FAKE NAMES in their players list when the server is completely EMPTY so that people will go to their server ! of course , then they see no one is truly in there and leave anyway , so it does n't even work ! is this the most idiotic thing you 've ever heard or what ??????? one last complaint - where does steam get off charging all this money for these mediocre games , and they do n't even let you play a demo of them first ? what the hell ? i 've never been pleased with a game bought on steam .
 I 've been playing Day of Defeat since it 's original release SO many years ago . And since its release SO many years ago , I 've been a fan . Remember the crappy little tanks on Cean that you get in and shoot a machine gun out the turret ? I was there . Remember the `` bleed '' feature where when you were shot you had to bandage yourself ? I was there . Remember when there was NO machine gun class ? No British faction ? I was totally there . This was truly a great game . Through countless updates and upgrades Day of Defeat grew into THE perfect online , squad-based , World War Two shooter.And then they did THIS to it.Now ... it 's not a BAD game . It 's just not good.The gameplay in Source is decidedly more fast paced than its predecessor . And this by itself is not a bad thing . The weapons in this version however seem to have taken a serious hit and when combined with the faster gameplay make the game rather frustrating , especially for players new to the series . They just feel sluggish and unresponsive . It 's a lot more difficult to hit anything with the automatic weapons this time around -LRB- especially the StG44 which feels near worthless now -RRB- given that the recoil is much more severe and the bullet spread is much wider than the orginal DoD . And the rifles have lost much of their potency . Not only do they no longer kill in one shot , but given the faster pace of the gameplay , the obscene down time between shots on the German K98 is way more impacting on the riflemans effectiveness . This also leads to another aspect which effects the game . An unfortunate phenomenon that I call , the CounterStrike effect . In this Day of Defeat you find that actual teamwork is very rare . You all know those games -LRB- CounterStrike -RRB- where most of the time one or two people dominate and everyone else just runs around doing their own thing ? Well , that is basically the name of the game here . Now on most servers , rather than the team which works together best wins , it 's the team which simply has the best player . It 's not EVERY server , just a lot of them . And it 's rather dissapointing.That is perhaps the biggest complaint against this game . There are other , probably trivial grievances as well . The number of maps is still rather small . Though there ARE user made maps out there , not many of them can compare to the quality of developer made maps . There will of course be updates which include more maps in the future , but at the moment that does not apply . And the absence of the British class kind of sucks as well . They were a nice addition to the original that changed up the gameplay from map to map a little , and surely they will be included in later patches . But as for now ... eh : - / There are of course good things about the game as well . One of those good aspects , are the games graphics . The models look a bit to polished and clean for a war game -LRB- you 'd expect soldiers in world war two to look a bit more haggard and dirty , and they have a dumb hunch-back look to them in this version -RRB- , but the enviroments and physics model are amazing . The Source engine can squeaze a lot of detail into the world and the physics make for some awsome effects during a fire fight . Grenades blow apart wodden barrels or furniture and send pieces of wood and scraps of metal flying , and it 's cool to see your bullets rip a room apart . The sound in DoD
 Amazon claims there is a version of Risk included in this package , too , but there is n't . Also , the casino disk included in this package is not compatible with Windows 2000 . The other disk is a sort of SimCity but more complex and less entertaining . The classic board game part is fun , but you have to turn off the annoying voices and dizzying 3D camera movements .
 Wasnt what i expected . game is ok but not as fun a the regular oard game
 This game is an absolute rip off . First
 Clue does n't work , monopoly is very difficult to play , and scrabble is lame . Life seems to work ok.Save your money.A cup of Starbucks does better than these games.Sorry I bought them .0 stars is not an option when rating . : -LRB-
 Monopoly
 This product and manufacturer do not disclose that at least Scrabble does not work on XP . Do not buy this version if you run XP .
 I got this product free with my purchase of my brand new DS Lite . First off , the instructions were not in English . However , I have used protective covers for my touch cell phone , so I understand how they work.There are 2 protectors inside and a nice cloth -LRB- love the cloth -RRB- . Nowever , one protector is larger than the other one , so which one does it go on , I assumed the top so I started there . I applied it just like I did for my touch phone but these are super sticky . You get 1 try and that is it . Needless to say , I had so many bubbles that I carefully took it off and threw it out.I tried the bottom one , same results . There is no `` easy '' way to put these on and they seem to result in bubbles galore everytime.The bubbles are probably because they did not fit on just the screen , but overlapped on my DS which resulted in air underneath . If they had fit just the screen , maybe they would have been okay , but eh , doubtful.The cloth was nice . I kept it . Trashed the rest .
 Never and ever buy it ! This protector has super-low quality ; and most important it 's in blue color !? Maybe I was wrong , I could n't figure out which one this the real protector membrane ... But , Again , this one is made in china instead of made in Japan which I had before with GREAT quality . After few mins trying and testing , It 's got too many bubble and If you stretched it too much , the shape will not come back ... So I teared it into parts and threw it away . I did not even care that 7 bucks I spent ... Good luck , buyer -_- \ \ \ \ \ Buy the correct one made in Japan ! Do n't worry about reading japanese , all you have to do is follow the picture instruction.Enjoy ur NDS with original HORI protector , Have FUN !
 I bought three packages . These filters come with two per package . The screen protectors are different sizes so that only one of them fits the touch screen correctly . The problem that irritated me most was the green logo sticker they glue in the center of each protector . You ruin the protector trying to get the damn green sticker off of the front of the protector . They glue it on with permanent cement . What a major dissapointment . If only the manufacturer tried even once to see if the green logo sticker could be removed they would n't put in on to destroy their product . You can tell I am totally angered by their product . Do n't waste your time buying this product !!!!
 Bought these screen protectors for my brand new DS Lite.First , the top screen protector does not fit the entire length of the screen . With the plastic for these protectors being ridiculously cheap , why not have it stretch across the entire screen?Second , the bottom DS screen is sunk in and has a border around the edge . You would think the screen protector fits inside this border . Wrong . Instead it goes over the border , which creates a nice air bubble and makes touching the perimeter of the bottom screen pretty hard . Not to mention the edge of the screen protector lifts up when you touch the perimeter of the screen with the stylus.Third , unless you apply the protectors in some kind of airless clean room , I would count on some sort of bubbles on the top filter . The `` thumb trick '' to remove the bubbles in the instructions is pretty useless.I did however give this item two stars as despite all of the faults listed above , it does protect the screen and is easy to remove . Once you start playing games , you will hardly notice the bubbles that much -LRB- if at all -RRB- anyways .
 I just took these screen protectors out of the box to put on my DS . They included some brief instructions as well as a cloth to wipe off the screens -- a nice addition . I did n't bother with the top one so I ca n't comment on that -LRB- it actually states in the DS instructions to only put screen protectors on the touch screen -RRB- , but I was n't too happy with the bottom screen protector.The screen protector does n't have any sort of sticky residue or anything like that . It peeled off nicely and was easy to position on the screen . It was n't until I finished placing it on the screen that I started having problems . I had it all pressed on nicely and removed the outer sheet only to see several air bubbles around the centered `` Peel Me '' sticker . Following the instructions , I first tried pressing them out with my fingers . I also tried using the stylus . Neither worked to well for me , so I thought I 'd try to peel it off and re-place it . So again , I consulted the instructions . According to the booklet , to remove the screen protector you just need to apply some clear tape to a corner of the screen and slowly pull the tape up . Well , I worked at it for about an hour and even tried clear packing tape . I finally gave up trying tape and pulled out a dull toothpick , which -- with some caution -- did the trick.So as of right now , the protectors are back in the box where they will probably stay . I was n't extremely happy with how the protector felt when using the stylus , and I thought screen looked a tad bit blurrier . Overall , I would n't say this is a bad product , but I did have some problems with it . And really , if you use a proper stylus when using your DS , and keep it closed when not in use , you should n't really need a screen protector in the first place .
 Bad product . When I tried to take the stickers off the film it left the glue behind and I could n't get it off . So I had to throw them all away . What a waste of money
 I bought these screen protectors mainly to help the feel of the bottom screen which has sustained a few scratches that make a scratching sound when the stylus goes across them . When applying I read the instructions in full and followed them exactly . I applied the top screen filter first and it went flawlessly , not one air bubble not one speck of anything . I then went to apply the bottom filter ; a completely different story . During application I began to get a few air bubbles which is easy to counter , just pull the filter back until they go away , but during that a couple of pieces of dust settled on the screen . Pieces of dust SO small that I could n't see them during application . When I finally got done with the bottom screen I expected the same look as the top screen only to be greeted with bumps of dust . Of course , I try to follow the directions about taking the filter off with a piece of tape . Tape did absolutely nothing to release the vice grip this filter had on my DS touch screen . Finally getting the filter -LRB- with a pointed metal object -RRB- off I attempted to use the tape to get the specs of dust off the adhesive side of the screen just as the directions suggest . That only added more dust and eventually about an hour later I just threw it in the trash . The basic sum up of this review
 I purchased this items to protect the screen of my childrens -LRB- 5 and 10 -RRB- new DS . One , they do not fit well . Two , they did not stay on my youngest DS . Now this could have been just him , however the fit issue is the biggest downfall for me . Since the covers extend out the edges remain raised off of the screen which makes it difficult to use the pen on the outer areas of the screen . Yesterday I purchased a Nintendo brand cover from a store and had the same fit issue . Frustrating !
 My experience with the Hori DS Lite Protective Filter was not a good one . Firstly , this product must be applied with complete lack of dust , which I found to be facilitated by the inclusion of a cloth to wipe the screen clean of any dust particles . However , this is near impossible as the smallest dust particle creates an air bubble of a very large magnitude . This results in , me being unsatisfied with even a single air bubble , taking the filter off and on again until satisfaction is attained , but in this process I managed to bend one of the corners in pulling the filter up off the surface of the screen with my fingernail . This problem , I am assuming , is present with all screen protector and is not necessarily the fault of Hori but of the nature of the product.Second , the touch screen filter is obviously meant to protect the screen from all kinds of scratches . Now , after applying the lower screen 's filter and upon using the stylus to play Professor Layton , the stylus left extremely distinguishable scratch marks upon a single stroke.After this experience I will not be buying a screen protector from Hori any time soon .
 They seem to be doing their job . During application I was trying to be extra careful but I still managed to get dirt and air bubbles . I put the screens onto my DS lite and then that was it . I could not seem to remove the things for the life of me . I 've tried all sorts of tape and they refuse to budge . I do n't want to use a needle or something like that and risk scratching the screen so now I 'm stuck with protective layers and debris staring me in the face . I feel that with normal careful use , screen protectors are not necessary .
 I found this product to be very poor in quality . I tried several times to put the protector on the screen and could not get all the bubbles out . The protector does not fully fit the screen . I found that after using the protector for less than five minutes , it scratches very easily . So if you like playing games looking through a bubbly scratched up screen protector , go ahead . I just threw mine away , it was a waste of money .
 This screen protector was good but it was very hard to apply . Dust kept entering the screen and it was impossible to apply without getting air bubbles . The protector also does not cover the whole screen . It also leaves an unprotected border around the bottom and top screen so it 's not real good .
 I wanted to protect my new DS and thought these filters would do the job . I only wanted one for the bottom screen to protect it from the stylus . When putting it on , I got a few air bubbles and wanted to try again . The instructions say to use a piece of tape to lift up the filter ; this did not work at all . I decided to forget about the air bubbles but then felt the filter was preventing the stylus from making good contact with the screen . I found this too frustrating and wanted to remove the filter . This was almost impossible as I did n't want to damage the screen in the struggle to lift up a corner of the filter . Finally I did get the filter off and into the nearest wastebasket . Only $ 7 but a complete waste of money .
 I get the idea that some of the reviews are submitted by the manufacturer . Excuse me for being cynical , but this product was not that easy to apply.I appreciate the reviewer who stated that you get one good chance at the application ... and I failed at it . I am usually pretty good at this kind of meticulous simplicity.Covering the touch screen was my main concern and when I carefully followed the steps in the instructions I thought my endeavor would lead to success . However , my attempt failed when a blue microfiber unleashed itself from some unknown gallaxy wonderfully petrifying its buttocks between screen and filter . And after prying the filter off and trying to scratch the fiber out , it just failed and looked worse . At $ 7.00 , you think you would be blessed with two chances .
 I have a new MacBook Pro I purchased late 2012 , with the latest OS X 10.8 . I was trilled to play this game but after I popped in the CD my computer said the OS did not longer support that type of game ... What a bummer.I obviously returned to get a full refund , just make sure you know if your OS can support this game or not before ordering ...
 Scrabble installed , but would n't launch ... black screen , had to do hard reboot . Boggle would n't install AT ALL . Infogrames owes a huge apology to anyone who bought these two coasters .
 I purchased this product in July 2006 . Earlier versions were reported to lock up computers . I can report that this version thoroughly locks up 2006 vintage XP machines . The blue -LRB- or in my case , black -RRB- screen of death appears with every startup of the game . Uninstall/reinstall/reboots were no help . Useless !
 If I could indicate `` zero '' stars , I would . I bought this from Amazon . I have Windows XP . I installed and reinstalled it several times with the same result each time - it freezes up . Not just the game , it freezes up my computer ! I have to shut it off to unfreeze it . Single clicking or double clicking -LRB- as mentioned in the previous review -RRB- was not an issue . I am completely unsatisfied , but as is usual with software , once the package is opened , they 're not going to take it back ! I think I 'll stay away from Atari games from here on out .
 Despite what is said by another reviewer , my Scrabble Complete wo n't work at all on my Win XP computer . I threw out Scrabble 2 about a year ago when it would n't work and was happy that a new version came out . But , unfortunately , it 's just as incompatible with some computers , while seemingly working well with others.Good luck !!
 Some reviews said that it would run with Windows XP , some said they had no problems ... Well , believe the ones that said it would n't run ... Just gave me a black screen . : - -LRB- Bought it because I could no longer run my Scrabble 2.0 on my new computer -- well , so much for that idea !
 I bought this game and it has consistently crashed my WindowsME running computer . I have following their inane FAQ and the helpless desk commentary , but to no avail . And , since I 've opened the package , I ca n't return it . With all of the bugs in the program as outlined on their website , you would have thought they would have issued a patch for this game . Even with every aspect of the system up-to-date , and even following all of their tips , my computer freezes to where I have to go for the cold restart . ...
 tHIS IS NOT FOR ME . IT HAS TOO MANY CONFUSING PLAYS!I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND BUYING THIS PRODUCT . I LIKE MY OLD CD OF THIS BETTER .
 this is not so much about the game . I was looking for a scrabble game that i could play against the computer instead of just playing by myself . I do not want to play on line either . for me this was not what I wanted but my nephew seem to enjoy it a whole lot .
 A decent game that I might have used to enjoy those times when I had not much to do . But I wo n't keep this game as it breaks one of my cardinal in that is requires the CD to play the game . Maybe when computers first came out , this might have been acceptable but we are long past that time . If I install a game , I want it to play where and when I want to play it and not have to carry around a bunch of CDs . That is why computers now have hard drives.This game is going into the tank . I thought of selling it used , but then I wo n't do onto others as I do n't want them t0 do to me.I played it a couple of times and might have given it a good rating but not with the requirement of having to have the CD each time I wish to play it .
 I loved Scrabble 2 , so I bought Scrabble 3 -LRB- also known as Scrabble Complete -RRB- as soon as it came out . I was extremely disappointed to find that this version is almost identical to Scrabble 2 . If you already have that version , then do n't waste your money buying Scrabble 3 . If you enjoy Scrabble or other word games and you do n't already have Scrabble 2 , then I highly recommend this game .
 Ca n't get this program to work with Windows XP at all . Screen goes black and locks up the computer . Atari does not offer any kind of patch to fix their program , but suggests you open Windows Task Manager and start shutting down all the background program on your computer to eliminate conflicts . Sorry , but I 'm not shutting down my anti-virus , anti-spyware and firewall programs to play a stupid video game !
 The actual game play is good , but the next version should be developed for Windows using modern technology . This is the second and last version I 'm buying until a complete rewrite is avaiable . Skip all the memory-sapping doodads , make the game simple , fast , stable , and not dependent on the CD being in the drive , and I 'll pay 50 bucks for it .
 I wish I had read the reviews before I purchased this `` XP compatible '' game . It is a lie !! Very dishonest to say the game is compatible and not mention that the only way you can play it is to disable your firewall !! There needs to be a recall and a class action suit !! And people wonder why there are so many `` frivolous '' lawsuits !! -LRB- to keep companies honest ?? -RRB- I ca n't believe they made this product the way they did .
 I received this game as a gift so did n't have a chance to check out the reviews on this site before I bought unfortunately , I do n't know if I would buy it again . I have Windows XP and the only way to get the game to work is to turn off my firewall before starting the program . Since I have a laptop I just turn off my internet access , then turn off the firewall , then the program works fine . It took quite a while for me to figure out how to get the game working so I just thought I would add my experience to potentially save others the time and aggravation I experienced . The game itself is great !
 After many re-installations , I have given up on this game . It keeps crashing my six-month old computer running XP . After I installed a new hard drive after my old one got corrupted due to a virus , I reinstalled Scrabble to see if it would work again . The game loaded up okay , but when I went to play it against Maven the computer player , the game was on auto-pilot ! I had no control over what words I could make on my turn -- the computer program was doing everything !! Obviously , there are some serious bugs in this game . I am very disappointed that once again I blew $ 20 on a game I can not play . There are no patches on the company 's website , either .
 Scrabble Complete has caused nothing but problems since it was installed on my computer running Windows XP . When first installed it would n't run and locked up the computer . After rebooting it did run ok for the remainder of that day . But the following day it would not run and again locked up XP . Unstalled and reinstalled many times , same thing happened . Hasbro and Infogrames were never any help and neither is Atari who now owns the rights to this fiasco . Never any patches or help . Amazon would do it 's customers a favor by refusing to sell this game . DO N'T BUY SCRABBLE COMPLETE ! I 'd really give it zero stars , but the dropdown box would n't allow a zero .
 I 've been a Scrabble player for many years . When I moved to a new home hundreds of miles away , one of the things I knew I 'd miss was playing Scrabble with my friends . I bought this version which promises internet play . Trying to make it work across AOL and other service providers has been very difficult . Playing through Zone.com requires you to accept an unacceptable privacy policy . I 've given up on internet play with it . The game can be annoying because unlike the original Hasbro version , you have fewer options in play such as when you are challenged and the tile shuffle has a weird grab and switch letter feature . There were problems getting it to load on XP .
 After buying Scrabble 1 with that ... annoying 256-color bug which also does n't work on NT/2000/XP , I thought I 'd give it another try with Scrabble Complete . I now have 2 copies of Boggle -LRB- which is a hard drive disk hog -RRB- ... . Anyhow , I did n't find this game fun at all and promptly uninstalled it.First off , I could n't even get the game to play . I just got a black screen . I then found out -LRB- on my own -RRB- that if I disabled ZoneAlarm , then suddenly it would work . What the hey ? Just to play the game , I have to disable my firewall ? That 's makes absolutely no sense.I have n't seen nor played Scrabble 2 , but after purchasing 1 and 3 , it 's pointless for me to search for version 2 . I did n't like the controls and quickly grew bored . I 'll stick to yahoo 's literati or some other equivalent .
 I would love the game if my screen did n't keep going black in the middle of a game . You must use your mouse to `` scratch '' off the black to resume . By this time , I have lost the momentum and after a few of these happenings , I have just given up and do n't even finish the game . The music is better than all those laughing clowns in Scrabble 2 .
 When starting this game with Zone Alarm activated the screen goes black . Even with all permissions given the same problem occurs . Infogrames should create a patch to take care of this .
 I used to have this game with my old computer , and loved it . This version does not work with Windows XP.I wish I could return it , but of course I had to open it to find out that it 's incompatable with my operating system. : -LRB-
 Despite what other reviewers have said , this game would not play on my XP based computer . As soon as the program tries to load , the screen turns blank and escape is not an option . This is the second time I 've purchased a Scrabble game that would not play with XP , and sadly , I will not buy another copy .
 Am unable to play the game . It loaded okay , but every time I either clickled `` play '' or double-clicked on the Scrabble shortcut icon , the screen went to black and locked up the computer . Had to do a hard boot every time . Investigated the website for troubleshooting and was greeted with suggestions that I did n't really want to try , like reconfiguring this and that , disabling running programs like virus scan , etc. . Tried calling the non-tollfree number at a time when I should have been able to talk to a person , and only got routed thru Menu Land . Twice my call was disconnected . Never talked to anyone . The automated `` advice '' was the same as the website 's . I have Windows Me if that 's any hint for any of you more dauntless than I am . BEWARE !! Stick with the board game and a friend .
 Sorry , we have prior Scrabble games , and recently purchased this version . No , it does NOT work for XP , it DOES work for Windows 98 and 2000 . Do not buy it if you are an XP user .
 this game is NOT windows XP compatible . It will lock up your computer and will NOT play . CompUSA will NOT offer any solutions to the problem and will fight you every inch of the way for your refund DO NOT , I repeat DO NOT buy this game until the manufacturer owns up to the problems and agrees to settle up with everyone they have cheated .
 I bought this version because it specifically said it would work with Windows XP , but it did n't .
 I purchased this game and it does NOT work on Windows XP . This is the3 rd scrabble game I have purchased that advertised that it would work on windows xp , and not one of them works
 Installed Scrabble in Windows XP and tried to play , but got an error message/OK and on OK it played itself and I cound n't get out of the loop . Hard re-boot required .
 Scrabble Complete does everything right except this ; When it calculates your overall score it subtracts when you win several games in a row , instead of adding . The more you win the lower you score . Atari Technitions , in my opinion , know about this and give you the run around when you ask for their help . Atari appears to have created a faulty product and refuses to deal honorably with the public . You know , childen , I 'm talking about , SKUNKS ! .
 I was excited to be playing computer Scrabble as an enjoyable work break/mental workout . What a shock to discover the game is a cheat ! It challenges and throws out legitimate English words , negating your turn -- such words as YOYO , SOY , VETTED ????? I often automatically lost my turn -LRB- and points -RRB- playing perfectly good words ... infuriating . Do n't know what dictionary they used to write the program but this glitch obviously ruins both the fairness and the fun . Do n't waste your money .
 Easy to install , runs well , so far so good , have not yet used all features .
 This game has a lot of potential for fun ... but the programming seems to way favor Maven -LRB- computer challenger -RRB- .
 Interesting , that is , as it 's dated some 2 weeks before the title is available . Sorta makes one doubt its accuracy . Scrabble 1 and 2 have been available for quite a while now -LRB- and are -LSB- inexpensive -RSB- now too -RRB- ; hopefully Scrabble 3 will be an improvement but seeing as I 've seen no info whatsoever from Inforgrammes or elsewhere about what differences it has , I 'm not holding my breath . -LRB- The one star is only because there has been no info about Scrabble version 3 . Version 2 is certainly fun .
 As several people have mentioned , I got the infamous black screen problem , and after searching the FAQ at the cosmi.com site , I found what the problem is
 I have never written a review before on Amazon but I am compelled to write this negative review . If and when you can get this game to play it 's great . But here is the problem ; IF AND WHEN YOU CAN GET THIS GAME TO PLAY.You will only ever get this game to play under an Admin account with Windows XP.So forget about letting your family using this program under a User or Power-User account . Microsoft does n't recommend ANYONE use XP as an administrator !! Running under administrator is a security risk and should only be used for very short periods of time if and only if required.Since windows XP Service Pack 2 the program wo n't work using the `` run as '' either . I know XP SP2 installs a firewall , but disabling that does n't fix the problem either . This problem existed before SP2 but at least `` run as '' worked then . If you are the only person using your PC and do n't mind the high risk of running Windows XP as an administrator -LRB- which Microsoft does n't recommend -RRB- then it should work OK for you . I was able to return my software only after demonstrating this problem to the store manager . My gripe against this company is they seem to be marketing a product that is 4 or 5 years behind operating system compatability . Maybe because the original company seems to be gone . It 's Atari now , it was Infogames , it was Hasbro Interactive before that . This is very short-sighted by these companies . It 's Scrabble for Gods sake !! A great American game !! I would also pay $ 50 -LRB- as a previous reviewer stated -RRB- for a good bug free Scrabble game with operating system compatibility .
 After being frustrated because I could n't get my beloved Scrabble 2 to load on my new Windows XP machine , I was thrilled to hear that Scrabble Complete was XP compatible . But , after what seemed like a flawless installation and registration , all I can get is a black screen and giant cursor arrow . I have to do a hard shutdown and restart to get back to my desktop . I have uninstalled and reinstalled . I have played with the Compatibility Mode . I have reset my screen resolution and color depth . Nothing works . Until a patch is produced , XP users will be Scrabble-less . Now what do I do ? You ca n't return opened software . HELP US , INFOGRAMES !
 I 'd give this game a -10 if Amazon had an option for it . I 've played Scrabble on-line and at home for years and absolutely love the game . Atari has taken the game and ruined it for me . Do n't bother buying Scrabble Complete if you are running Windows XP . It will lock up and IF you should get into the game it will run so slow you 'll want to scream . I had an old copy of Scrab Complete . I thought it was a scratched CD so I bought a new copy . In the mean time , I bought a new computer and when I installed the new copy it did n't run on my new puter . I emailed Attari tech support and got the usual run around . Try this , try that , send a copy of a file , blah , blah . Here 's an idea Atari , try installing a copy on an XP computer , then come up with a fix . I 'm serious people , save your money and hope Hasbro buys back the rights to Scrabble .
 I 'm unimpressed with this new version of Scrabble . It looks nearly exactly like v2 .0 -LRB- and only has one additional mini-game -RRB- . More problematically , the game still runs full screen -- why ca n't I buy a Scrabble game that lets me play in a reasonably-sized window ?? Also , like previous versions , you have to have the CD in your drive to play -- annoying for those of us who want to play on our notebook computers .
 This product sucks . On my Windows XP machine I can only run this program with my firewall disabled , no other programs running , and the CD in the drive . And no wonder
 The problem with Scrabble Complete is that , when you get to a certain point , it 's more difficult to win , in a way that is unreal . You 're faced with 7 vowels , while your opponent may get a series of 7 letter words-not real ! My advice is to do what I did
 reinforcing other reviewers - this thing JUST DO N'T work on XP . i should have known when the ONLY doc tht comes with it is a mimeo 'd piece of paper that blames everyone else , including the user , if their product fails to install ! it even tries to tell me my DVD reader is broken , when every other DVD & CD plays or installs fine .
 Does not work in windows 98 . Get black screen . Have to do hard reboot.Tried proactively configuring ZoneAlarm to allow internet access , but that did not help.Remove Infogrames from list of acceptable software distributors . I mean , if their software does not work in windows 98 , then what kind of quality control do they have ? Obviously none at all .
 Right from the get-go , directly after the flawless installation , Scrabble got stuck in a loop where my human player -LRB- me -RRB- and `` Mavin '' -LRB- computer player -RRB- , were both being controlled by the computer , though clearly not instructed to . As the computer played the game , I could not break the cycle to exit to the main screen . Soon my system locked up hard . I rebooted and attempted again , but once again was met with a computer attempting to control my moves . One more lock up and one more reset , and now I can play normally , controlling my own moves.Very odd indeed ! The music is horrendous and must be turned off . The game is `` okay '' to play , but I end up becoming annoyed after awhile for no particular reason . Just some hidden form of angst the Scrabble Complete draws out . Boggle still sits , I have n't installed it yet.Stick with the board version of Scrabble . Have a friend over or two and be social . No sense wasting your time with the faceless Mavin .
 a -RRB- Requires the CD to be in your drive to play!b -RRB- Online registration attempts to dial a modem!c -RRB- Even though my son entered his age of 12 during the registration , which prevents their requesting any personal information by US federal law , he was required to enter such in order to install.Previous experience with this company -LRB- infogrames -RRB- demonstrated their `` Technical Support '' issues are handled after a period of DAYS!Highly NOT recommended , as are all infogrames products .
 never got it to work even with help from systems expert at work , changed resolution and display , tried different compatability modes , etc.black screen and hard boot required to get back to desktoptotal waste
 I purchase the game , and it did not work on my laptop or desk top , both have xp . So if you have xp , do not bother .
 Simply felt ripped off ! Ordered the isolators , thinking I was getting a set for that money , and Got One isolator and thought I was going to at least get a set of 4 or 5 or 6 . I guess they think I should spend $ 60 plus shipping for a set of 4 ??? What kind of rip off is this ? Is this how you want your Buttkicker customers thinking of you ? Very sad . I could go buy Four $ 10 rubber air inflated go cart rubber wheels at Northern Tool and Equipment and have a far better effect and work far better too , as well as rolling around .
 Ww all played this game on the PS1 and it was the worst game EVER ! But we got this on the PS2 ?! WHY ? Here 's why I hate this game.Story : it 's the same as the book and movie.GamePlay : same as COS.Graphics : it 's messey and chessey.SoundWork : good and bad , because the voice work is really bad and muisc is bad.Overall : Harry Potter A.T.S.S is the worst game on the PS2 EVER!Did I meton that it 's to easy!I give it a 1 out of 5 ! I give it a 1 out of 5 .
 i hated it is sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo stupid da i am harry potter do n't let vole-de-mort kill me i have a scar so i am special everyone look at my scar
 This is a horrible game . I have played every other Sims game made , and this does not even come anywhere near to being as good as the rest . One of the worst aspects of this game is that you are very limited as to what you can do . There are no neighborhoods like in the other games . You can not visit other places . Overall , on a scale from one to ten , I would rate this game a negative ten .
 When I played The Urbz
 This game is n't any better than the sims i own both games and the only thing thats differnt from the sims and the sims busten out is the story line and that you watch you drive your vehicle i men how gay is that?I mean i do n't know why they called this game sims bustin out i mean i dont even know why they wasted there time makeing this one.I sugest if you want to start with sims wait and get the sims 2 .
 I think it was a very good idea to have sims on the ps2 but not this sims . I am asamed at the makers , the sims are usually so fun , but on the ps2 , its hard to control you never win , and your people either die or get depressed . I would totally not recomend this game , the only thing that happens is this guy who lives in a mansion comes around and steels all your stuff , so you have to try to move to the mansion to get it all back . I would not recomend this for kids 10 nand lower because there is some kissing and love content . Dudley who 's house you got to first is a tralior disgised as a pig sty . It is quiet disgusting and I shut my game down as soon as I got there . The first house you live in is your mom 's house and your mom looks like a wolf . Finally , in the mode where you can make your own house you run out of money , as soon as u build the walls ... do not buy this game I would adviz you not to at least .
 I got it and it did n't work ! so I pressed return they took 3 days to approve it then they make me pay to return it !!!! its all bad and its did n't come in a case or a cd holder I got the case u get for bootleg movies ! the game was hella scratch never again
 I would n't know how the game is because it is not working at all . It says I received it `` used-like new '' but when i put it in my playstation 2 , I keep getting an error on the screen telling me to `` insert a Playstation or Play Station 2 formatted disk '' . The system works fine with all of my other games , so Its definitely the Sims game .
 Before you read the glowing reviews about new objects , social interactions and the ability to visit other locations , ask yourself what you expect from a Sims game . If you prefer mission based gameplay and nothing else , this is the game for you . If you prefer the open ended free play of the original console Sims and the PC games , save your money . In the Bustin ' Out version of free play you are only given three open houses instead of the six in the original . You can forget about all the exciting places like Club Rubb and Pixel Acres you unlock in the mission based mode because you ca n't visit or call any of the Sims you met there . You 're basically stuck in your free play house with only your neighbors from the other two free houses to invite over . This total lack of freedom ruined the replay value of this game for me despite the new items and locations . I only recommend this disaster to die hard Sims fans who must own every game and expansion .
 The Sims Bustin Out is a really really boring game . It is the same thing as every other sims game but you are in different places . All you do is control someones life . Dont buy it . It is a waste of monney .
 yyay ! another sims gameboring ... takes up a TON of memory card and it 's the same as the first one
 Bad graphics , bad sound , not in anyway fun . To hard . This game is stressful , just like real life and I do n't want to sit down and waste my time at this . You ca n't keep yourself happy and do all the other things in the short amount of time you get . In the games time , it takes him an hour and a half to eat , half hour to go to the bathroom , he needs to sleep for at least nine hours and need to be happy , clean , likes the house , is relaxed , and is social staduis is good . In the later levels you have to on top of that help run a gym and help people and stuff
 I have 3 kids who all would like to play this game , but they ca n't without erasing the other 's progress . Whenever you create another person to play with , it asks you if you would like to save , you click yes , and it asks you if you would like to overwrite the current player . Its stupid , and memory cards turned out costing much more than the game itself , so if you have more than 1 person wanting to play this game , you have three options . Buy massive amounts of memory cards ; do n't end up buying the game in the first place ; or listening to arguing over who erased who 's Sims .
 I do n't know what it is about this game but I just ca n't get into it . I do n't know if I would have liked it better had I not already got Sims2 when I bought this , if it 's the difference between the PS2 and the PC controlling system , the plot , or what it is . I just ca n't get into the game.I love Sims and Sims2 , and even spent a good six or seven hours playings `` The Urbz '' on PS2 with a friend , but I ca n't do this . I bought it when I realized I would have to send my PC into the shop and was n't sure I could do without my `` Sims Fix '' but this certainly did not satisfy , about the only thing I liked was going through character creation , that was a great deal of fun , but once the actual game play started ... urgh . I stuck it out for almost an hour , and could n't take any more . I keep meaning to go back and give it another try , because I ca n't believe there 's a Sims game I would n't like , but I just ca n't bring myself to play again .
 I agree with all who said that the game is WAY TOO HARD ! I hold a private pilot license and have also flown radio control planes for over 25 yrs so I know what I am saying when I say that the flight charateristics AND the campaign goals are rediculously difficult even in the `` rookie '' mode . The game may have some possitive value for those who know where and how to get cheats or who enjoy doing the same level 25-30 times and still not advancing but I am not one of those . I had a successfull career as a watchmaker and jeweler so patience and precision are not problems for me but enough is enough . Also there is little or no instruction on how to accomplish any of the goals in each scenario . I was initially pleased with finding a WWII flying game but now very disapointed and have quit playing it since the idea is to have fun not to get so completely frustrated that you want to throw the controller through a window .
 I 'm starting to agree with other writers of reviews for this game . That damn instructor that keeps yelling at you any time you demonstrate any free will should be shot . This game is a SAD copy of Secrety Wepons Over Normandy . I 'm a huge WWII aircraft buff and spend my free time studying the aircraft of that era . Of course it was fun to fly the F4U for a sec but the missions are ridiculous . The graphics are good and there 's a great use of WW II propaganda posters between missions . I did like that you can get a view as if your actually in the cockpit as well . However that view is that same no matter what plane your in . At least with `` Secret Weapons '' they did their homework . I 'm sorry but there 's no way any fighter pilot had to shoot down 80 planes in a single mission . I returned this game after one play .
 This game is difficult in controlling the airplanes . Unless you are a very good gamer you will be discouraged .
 I am no stranger flight games , both arcade and simulation , and this is a complete waste of money . Extremely high learning curve , it 's impossible to control your plane , and unless you have a very big TV you wo n't ever even see the plane that kills you ... again ... and again ... and again . It 's not realistic and not fun . If you must have WW2 dogfighting , find a copy of Microsoft 's Flight Combat Simulator , the first or second one will run on any PC made in the last ten years . You can fine-tune the realism from instant arcade action and immortality to a realistic 20 seconds of bullets and several hours of travel .
 This game is not fun , it is tedious . Everytime you fail at a mission you have to go back to the beginning . Listening to the instructor nag you that you need to get back to your flight plan when you are directly over the enemy target is annoying to say the least . I could also do without the constant insults . I agree with a previous reviewer ; targeting is extremely hard and frustrating . Note to Programers
 Normally I do n't write video game reviews , but since I had wanted this game so badly and it turned out to be such a disappointment , here you go.Being from the very old school of gamers , some of my favorite games of all time include `` Aces of the Pacific '' and `` Aces Over Europe '' -LRB- look 'em up , kids -RRB- . Those games not only provided hours of enjoyment back in the day , but also sparked my interest in the aircraft from the WWII era -LRB- how do you imagine I thought up my wicked Amazon name , hm ? -RRB- . Since then , I 've enjoyed a number of flying combat games , including the `` Ace Combat '' series for the PS2.So when I saw that there was a new WWII flying combat game for the PS2 , I was very excited and rushed to get a copy of `` Heroes of the Pacific . '' What a terrible disappointment it turned out to be.There are some positives , of course . The graphics are fantastic - very good use of WWII propaganda posters , fonts , and other pictures help place you in the time period . You can tell a lot of effort was put into giving the cutscenes that `` old film '' look , complete with scratches , skips , etc.But nice graphics do not a good game make , and this game falls short in most other areas.If you 're the type of person who likes to customize their controls to suit their flying style , you will be disappointed and frustrated here . You have precisely 2 control layouts to choose from , and no matter which one you choose , your left thumbstick controls your banking and diving , and your right thumbstick controls your throttle and rudder . So if you 're like me and you have a clumsy left thumb , then you 're going to be a clumsy pilot , and that 's that . These controls are difficult and non-intuitive , especially when compared to the Ace Combat controls.Of the 4 available skill levels , I selected `` Pilot '' -LRB- second from easiest -RRB- , and still could n't hack even the tutorial levels . Not to say that I 'm the best game player out there - I 'm actually rather bad - but this was ridiculous . The mission that requires you to just recover from a stall took me half a dozen times to get through . I do n't know what physics the programmers put into the game here , but when you stall your plane , it 's like the hand of God suddenly shoves you towards the earth at about 5 times the normal rate of speed . You literally have 3 seconds to get your plane 's nose pointed down , rev your throttle , and pull out of your stall.I finally gave up on the training missions -LRB- and their ultra-annoying voice acting -RRB- and decided to jump straight into the historical missions . And more trouble surfaced , of course.It 's already been mentioned by other reviewers , but you have zero freedom in this game . You get too close to your very small mission area boundary and you 'll find yourself getting chewed out by some faceless voice , your plane is forced into a sudden roll , and you 're headed back into the fray.And the difficulty of these missions ! For example , one of the very first missions requires you to go help your buddies get back to the airbase , while they 're being chased by enemy planes . This is all well and good , if it were n't for the fact that you start the mission about 10 miles away from the action , and no matter how fast you fly your plane toward the battle , inevitably one or two of your buddies gets shot down before you even get there . And get this - you can only lose something like 5 pilots before you get sent right back to the beginning of the mission.So you gamely wade into the fray with your clumsy left thumb piloting your plane , manage to miraculously pop one or two enemies , and then you crash . What ? Why did I crash ? Oh , it 's because , while I was cutting a tight circle to line up an enemy in my sights , I failed to notice that my altitude was dropping rather quickly . But if I DO N'T circle to line up the enemy , then my buddies get shot down even faster . So here , let me throttle back a bit this time to try and line them up and ... stall , hand-of-God crash , `` Mission Failed . `` You know what ? During all the time I played this game , I never once got shot down by an enemy plane . I just crashed.What fun!I played this game twice , for a combined total of 4 hours , before giving up . It 's really no fun at all , and I 'm not surprised it never became very popular . Perhaps someone younger and with quicker reflexes could do better at it . Me , I 'm going back to Ace Combat .
 Unless you fly or flew P-30 's you wo n't be able to get past the `` Training '' part of the game . The plane stalls , the controls are mushy and the flight characteristics of the planes are insane ; my hat is off to all the aviators in WWII who mastered these stall prone , sluggish response war birds . Give me the over powered jets in Air Combat 4 any day .
 I paid about 20 $ for this game brand new in the case sealed and i was practricly standing on my mail box waiting for it . When i got it , to my suprise , instead of playing for hours without blinking , it did not work ... . it loaded up to the menus and that alone was why i gave it 1 star ... before the campaign it just stayed on the loading screen for maby an hour and i just gave up on it ... dont buy this game ! save yourself the hard earned dowe and buy san andreas and shoot down jets with the `` rustler '' instead .
 Heroes of the PacificThis game sucks . I 've been flying MS Flight Sim for a couple of years . I thought a PS2 game might be better since the ` computer ' is designated for the game . I failed to consider the stupidity of programmers . It seems that realism is something of which they are completely unaware . The ` targets ' are either too close too quick or too far away for the unrealistic amount of time given to complete the level . And the side shots or flybys are not just stupid , they interfere with your concentration and smoothness . I 'll stick to driving games on PS2 . I 'm going back to the computer for flight .
 I love flight sims ... I REALLY love WWII games ... so the thought of a WWII flight sim was too much to ignore.But this game is just awful . I 've played 2 levels of this game and some instant action , and it 's just waaaaaay too difficult to control your plane . I am not a huge fan of arcade-style sims ; I prefer a game like Ace Combat over something like After Burner , which is what this game reminds me of . Dogfighting is a thrill , but the controls are depressingly bad . It 's either too much pitch or not enough . And without the benefit of a 1st-person HUD , it 's even worse . Essentially , if you want a good WWII flight sim , stick to something like Microsoft 's Combat Flight Simulator for your computer . Until someone comes out with something like that for PS2 , I 'll stick with the Ace Combat games .
 as 2 time world champion of warbirds i say with some authority that this game is unplayable concerning lining up a shot ... absolutely the worst i 've ever played
 There are few games that are either good or bad -- whether you like a game will depend on your own personal preferences and personality.I am NOT a patient person and therefore I like faster paced games that do n't require wandering around for hours `` painting the walls '' with your cursor to look for hotspots.And I do n't like having to collect a bunch of cryptic clues in order to figure out the combination to a safe . That 's why this game just did n't work for me.And also , at my age -LRB- a bit older than most computer gamesters , I must admit -RRB- it takes more than eerie voices and ghost stories to create a truly spooky atmosphere . Okay , and I 'll also admit that with my eyesight , games where everything is dark do n't appeal to me at all!I found the navigation a bit clunky , as well , with the worse `` save '' game system I 've ever encountered.All this does n't mean it 's a bad game or that you wo n't enjoy it . It obviously is a great game for those who like the slower paced , more cerebral puzzlers . But if you 're like me and prefer to get on with the story -LRB- and interact with other characters -- besides disembodied voices -RRB- , a game like Syberia or The Longest Journey might be more to your liking ... `` Granny Gamer ''
 I just finished this game and I thought it was very boring . The game only took me a couple of hours would have been less if I would n't have had to read so many things through out the game . There are n't any ghosts or any other people in the game would have liked more scary stuff to happen . You 're stuck in the hotel the whole time not enough exploring you do n't even get to go into the tunnels . I did n't like this game at all .
 Dark Fall provides a spooky atmosphere using great sound effects and voice acting . However , unless the player is detail-oriented and willing to collect perhaps three times as much information as is needed to solve the game , frustration may ensue.Clues to exorcise the haunted train station hotel are scattered deeply , often in creative contexts -LRB- sound , music , diagrams , coded text -RRB- . What I found most wearisome was not knowing whether a particular discovery would help solve any of the puzzles.Some elements were clever , but not well-used
 Do NOT buy this game if you do n't like to read ! There 's tons of letters and documents that you have to read to progress . My brother only played for five minuets before he gave it to me.EXAMPLE OF LOTS OF REAEDING
 I played this game after my older sister played . I listened in on it , but did n't pay attention to what was on the game . I thought I would try my hand at it on my computer . Two days later after finishing the game , I do n't even want to look at it again.The graphics are okay , the sound effects are done really well , but for the most part , ARRGGHH !! My arm is acheing after all the click , click , clicking around . Once I had got to the end , I was just about hitting my head on the wall , because of all the stuff that I had to get , but did n't have just to solve the last bit of it.The story had promise , but there was an awful lot of useless information in the game that did n't coincide with what was releavant to the game . If you want a good story try the Atlantis games by Dreamcatcher , even the Riddle of the Sphinx 's were good.I 'm holding out hope that the sequel to this game is good , but we 'll just have to wait and see what the reviews have to say .
 I bought this game based on some of the positive reviews I found here on Amazon , but I , too , ended up being extremely dissapointed . I 've played many games of this genre and I found this one to be , well , distracting to say the least . The story line is ok , the mood of the game is excellent . I could even deal with the `` walking '' -LRB- clicking to move one step at a time -RRB- , but most of the puzzles have absolutely nothing to do with the story line . I enjoy games with puzzles that actually move the plot line forward . In Dark Fall , you are just solving a lot of puzzles just for the sake of solving them . There does n't seem to be any continuity or flow throughout this game . If you do n't write down EVERYTHING you see , you might just miss an important clue ... but then you 're also left spending all your time writing down stupid numbers from every business card and menu you come across . Aggrivating and a waste of time ! I actually reached the ending scene before I collected all the clues ... so I had to go back and figure out a whole bunch of annoying `` clues '' , some that actually lead to something , but most lead to dead ends . Oh , and your little `` helper '' - Timothy - is really no help at all.If you want a good game that is actually fun to play , try Syberia , or any of the Myst games . Do n't waste your time or money on this one .
 Wow !!! After reading the + reviews for Dark Fall
 I bought this game based on the positive reviews , I had high hopes for it . I love adventure and point and click games . I have found more interesting games for free on the internet . I found it incredibly boring and not at all scary . I played it for about and hour or two , quit and uninstalled it . I felt completely ripped off . I did n't feel like I had any idea where it was going . I would say save your money and try `` The Longest Journey '' or `` Syberia '' , these were much more fulfilling .
 As a `` seasoned '' adventure gamer , this one disappointed me greatly . I can not recall when I last played a game that required me to WRITE with pen and paper , about every clue in the game . Most central objects can not be inventoried so you can revisit them at leasure , but you have to walk back to the place you found them , and recheck things . A waste of time and effort - the plotline should be finding things and clueing them together , not how well you managed to write all words down , excatly as written in the game.I must admit I did n't finish the game . I do n't have patience for that . I got tired , that clicking on a door wo n't open it , unless you click excatly on the little spot around the door-knob put aside for this excat function , and the constant turning around to see everything - no wide-angle view when you stood a few pases back.The storyline sounds interesting , and the spooky atmosphere in the game , is great and chilling . But the composition of the game has a long way yet to come .
 We have a group of friends who get together every other weekend to play various adventure games while sitting in a group around a computer and taking turns at the mouse while using group strategy to complete the game.We have played tons of them ... many from DreamCatcher.DARK FALL rates among the most boring.In fact we uninstalled it and threw it in the trash.The first and most annoying feature was the interface.In today 's world of PC gaming , having static still shots of your environment -LRB- like early days of MYST -RRB- is lame.Realistic 3D environments where you can spin and get your bearings is the only acceptable interface for these types of games anymore ... . a series of still scenes with no movement ability inside your screen is quickly disinteresting and detracts from the game.After about an hour , this game hit the trash can.There are much more engaging adventure games out there to have fun with
 I bought this game based on the great reviews , but I was very , very disappointed when I finally played it . I 'm surprised this did n't come in a set of 3.5 '' disks instead of on a CD . If you like playing games that look like they were made in 1990 , then this game is for you . Everything about this game is cheap and behind-the-times . Navigating one full screen at a time -LRB- instead of actually `` walking '' from place to place '' severely detracts from the game 's realism and playability . If you want to waste a few dollars on a game you 'll only play once or twice , I suggest you buy this game .
 Poor game ! That 's all I can say . But some people may like it . But not me . I should try to play the game if I have the chance before I pay for the game and waste my money .
 Dark Fall looked like an intriguing game with atmospheric locations and the story about ghosts and hauntings really ought to have made it brilliant . However it 's no more than bland and boring.Yes , the visuals and the various rooms of the abandoned hotel and train station ARE very impressive . But there is so much of NOTHING to do in them . The gameplay is kind of like the Myst games , being that when the arrow is moved over something important , the icon changes . But almost every screen in Dark Fall is completely non-interactive , so it 's no more than a slide-show tour of an old hotel . What 's the point?It could have been creepy and the idea of answering ringing phones to have a ghost talk to you is completely wasted as it does n't affect the gameplay one bit . There is a bit of humor in the newspaper clippings -LRB- be prepared to read loads of them -RRB- and in the voices of snobby ghosts but it 's not enough to save this dull game from dying so quickly.If you absolutely MUST then do n't spend more than a few pounds/dollars . But there are loads of better games out there so you 'll probably never even give it that much of a chance.Graphics B+S ound C-Gameplay DLasting Appeal D
 Allow me to preface this by giving kudos to the programmer who put all his energy into designing a game that came solely from his heart . That alone is worth an added star.That being said ... If you believe in the supernatural , then this game is for you.If you like your supernature to be eerie , then this game is for you.If you enjoy adventure games in which you interact with no one , then this game is for you.If you like taking lots of notes , as well as hand-drawing cryptic designs , then this game is for you.If you like open-ended unanswered questions at the conclusion , then this game is for you.This game was not for me.Don ' t get me wrong , those who appreciate a creepy atmosphere and worthy -LRB- albeit grainy -RRB- graphics will be quite satisfied . ... if that 's all they want . But I wanted and expected more than that , and this game left me thoroughly frustrated to have spent all that time suspending disbelief only to be disappointed overall.I 'm sorry , but for me , the cons heavily outweighed the pros . I wish they did n't .
 GAME THEME
 i liked playing this game its ok but after awhile it gets boring the only thing that really bothered me was the fact that the sim had to go to the bathroom all the time . i realized i hated this game when i saw and played the other versions for bustin out that werent for gba it was 10000 times better than the game i had i mean i felt cheated like i spent my money for this crappy version of this game when the other versions were better it 's not right shoot i want to be a movie star to i dont want to live on a fram the whole time , and it the same thing with sims urbz gba version more than half the things the DS version has the gba version doesnt . i feel cheated again how can i buy the same game as someone else and have less material also it in order to get to paradise island you have to link up with someone who has the same game as you but what if ur the only one with the game , so now im spending my money to not get material thats on the game ... long story short i will never buy a sims game again
 Hello even on the cover the graphics are terible !!!!!!!!! By the way on PS2 you can actually the people do n't waste your MONEY !!!!!! It is TERIBLE FOR GAMEBOY ADVANCED
 this game is boring , boring and oh boring!i do NOT recermend in if your want a driving game get grand theft auto.DO NOT BUY IT
 The Sims
 I have to admit right up front that I had high expectations for this new version . Up to now , I only had the original WOF game published in 1998 by Hasbro interactive . When I saw the 2003 version was released by infogrames , I was expecting computer graphics that really made me feel I was on tv -LRB- being that they had 4 years to make improvements and take advantage of all the lastest computer gaming power -RRB- . I can honestly say the videos and animated graphics are inferior to those found on version 1 . Not only that , there are way too many of them and you ca n't shut them off like in version 1 . Many times they serve no function but to slow the game down to a frustrating pace -LRB- not to mention how choppy and visually unappealing they are -RRB- . The three flashing graphics that ask if you want to spin , buy or solve are so intrusive and distracting , it is difficult to concentrate on the puzzle board . Depite the fact that the game was just released , it does not have any of the new improvements that are found on the TV show like the toss-up round or the mystery round . If you are looking for a new version because you 've solved all of the puzzles of the previous version , by all means buy . Otherwise , pass .
 OK . Obviously , Infogrames , the company that bought up Hasbro Interractive , has n't seen the show since 1998 . They have not updated any of the rules , and all they have done is added a few more puzzles to the second version and rereleased it . I am very dissapointed . I wasted -LSB- money -RSB- on this piece of junk .
 Bought this game because enjoy playing . Thought this would give me limitless access . It is a very grainy picture and just not very fun .
 Disappointed . Almost exactly the same as the 2nd edition.Infrogrames took over Hasbro and only made same small changes .
 If you bought the 2nd edition there is nothing newexcept Vanna a bit older and a lot of bugs.Needs a patch which is not available .
 Wheel of fortune 3 and wheel of fortune 2 are almost the sameSame backgrounds , same options only change is Vanna dress
 All I wanted to do was get in there and solve puzzles , not wait for eternity while
 I was disappointed in this game . There were some improvements over the first game but not many and the bugs in this one really cancel the improvements out . I really enjoyed playing the first game . With this one I found Harry harder to control and this made some of the challenges very frustrating because it was difficult to get Harry to move the way I wanted him to and for my spells to go the direction I wanted them to -LRB- Even with targeting -RRB- . The graphics disappear in many places . This game really feels like the makers rushed to get it out and did not do a lot of quality control before releasing it .
 My sister and I waited and waited for this game to come out.We loved the Nancy Drew series and enjoyed playing the others.But when we finally were able to buy this game we finished in it in less than two days . It was extremely easy and the game world was small and condensed.The story line was cute and the dialogue was good , but the amount of exploring and discovering of the game was rather poor . It was a good game for younger detectives , but it was way too easy for us older kids and I hope that the next games are made longer .
 I was slightly disappointed in this game . Why ? Well it was extremely short . Also , there were n't that many puzzles , as if Herinteractive is running out of ideas . I wish I could of sleuth around some more , there were so many places that we could of sleuth at . There were a lot of bugs in this game and now my computer is fool of patches that I loaded from Herinteractive . There were so many bugs , that I could hardly play the game . Next time , I think Herinteractive should spend a bit more time checking out for the glitches and all . But I got over that.The characters were n't as fun as they are in the other games.I wasted twenty dollars on a game that took me a day to beat.If you are really looking foward to spend twenty dollars , I would n't waste my money . . It was so easy . Almost too easy . Herinteractive makes very good games , but this one , was n't as good as the others .
 I am a huge Nancy Drew game fan and its rare that I dislike one of the games . This one whoever , she 's an exception.The art somewhat stiff at times and the characters are somewhat dull all except for the artist and the girl who you help . But this game is too short and it does n't keep us guessing like Nancy games usually do . Usually , it takes me a few days to solve a Nancy Mystery but this only took me two hours ! I was really disappointed .
 I have played all of the Nancy Drew games , and ecxept for Secrets Can Kill , I enjoyed all of them . When I bought The Haunted Carousel I thought it was going to be as good as the best of them . I was very dissapointed . It was very short , very easy and you did n't have to snoop at all . The puzzles were very easy and the new computer feature helps you out too much . In conclusion I felt like this game was a waste of money . I still feel like the best game was Treasure in a Royal Tower .
 If you like the Nancy Drew game series -LRB- and I do -RRB- , there are much better ones to get . There are almost no puzzles to solve and you do n't get to go anywhere interesting . At all . A theme park haunted house ? Great - lots of potential there ! But enter it and all you get to see is a virtually empty room . And it 's the same with the roller coaster . I kept thinking the game was going to `` open up '' to more detail and more places , but while I was waiting for this to happen I followed what I thought was a simple clue and suddenly found I had solved the whole thing . Seriously , I thought I 'd missed half the game , but walkthroughs tell me differently.Don ' t waste your money .
 I am a fan of the Nancy Drew games , but this one was a disappointment . The game has a map interface that takes Nancy directly to her destination , which means no more wandering around for Nancy . Also , there is not nearly as many `` things '' to look at ; instead many clues are `` given '' to Nancy by contacts on her cell phone . There was no `` night time '' alarm clock which takes away Nancy 's opportunity to explore when people are not around ; it also takes away much of the thrill and fear of `` being caught . '' There was n't much suspense in this game either and the mystery was very easy to solve . I gave the game two stars because my game was not buggy , things worked like they were supposed to and the villian was difficult to guess . I do think that Her Interactive should stick with their older formats
 I was very disappointed in the newest Nancy Drew game , the Haunted Carousel . I have been a great fan of the computer game series , but this game was not nearly as fun , challenging , or interesting as the others have been.For starters , the game can be completed extremely fast which takes a lot of fun out of pondering the mystery . Secondly , I had guessed the culprit almost immediately , and my suspicions were only confirmed as the game progressed . I never even suspected any of the other characters . I also found many of the elements of the game extremely bizarre and unbelievable in real world scenarios , which only hurts the series because Nancy is supposed to be a character to whom everyone can relate and imagine being in her shoes.There will still be die-hard Nancy Drew fans who think this game is great . But , it seems to me that Her Interactive has realized what a seller the games in the series are and have stopped producing quality games in favor of producing more games faster , which leads to poor plot lines , bad character development , and mediocre games . I can only hope that the next game in the series will make up for the mediocrity of the Haunted Carousel .
 I am a Nancy Drew game fan , but this one was a disappointment . The game was way easy and lacked many of the hallmarks of ND games . For example , Nancy no longer has an alarm clock to go from day to night . Therefore , the gamer is forced to `` sneak around '' while people are still their offices . The amusement park has a map and you just click where you want to go . No more fun wandering around ... There 's loads of people to you need to call to give you answers you need instead of doing the research yourself . And the topper
 I wish we had read a review of this game before we had purchased it . Having purchased and played all preceeding Nancy Drew games with my children -LRB- where we were very satisfied and impressed with the quality -RRB- the Haunted Carousel was a noticeable letdown . Each game claims a minimum of 20 hours playing time and we have found this to be true with the exception of Carousel , which we finished in under 6 hours , at the highest difficulty level . The game contains far fewer problem solving opportunities and too much `` help '' . You ca n't even wander through the park . I would suggest it only if it 's hugely discounted as it is only about one third the playing time and quality level as other games in the Nancy Drew series .
 I have all the Nancy Drew mysteries ... they are wonderfull.Which is why I 'm so disappointed with this one in particular -LRB- The Haunted Carousel -RRB- It does ` nt live up it its name , its as if they just whipped this out and depended on its name to sell it . Instead of 20 hours of game play , it should read 4 + hours and 10 and under intstead of 10 and over . Its too simple on senior -LRB- ca n't imagine what its like on junior -RRB- . . not at all like its thought provoking predecessors , there is ` nt any depth to the plot . What happened to the sluething ?
 I 've played all of the Nancy Drew games and found this one to be too easy . My daughter found it a little boring -LRB- except for the ending -RRB- . I would get this as a starter game . If you are a veteran of these games I 'd suggest that you wait until it 's on sale .
 The Haunted Carousel game was a big disappointment to me for several reasons . I am a fan of the Nancy Drew software and only have good things to say about the * other * titles in this series by Her Interactive . That said , this particular game is too short , has fewer clues and puzzles -LRB- which are much too easy -RRB- , other characters are barely fleshed out , and overall , it lacks any sense of mystery or intrigue basic to this type of game . I suspect that HerInteractive was in a crunch to get Danger on Deception Island out quickly in time for Xmas , and so they skimped on this particular game . I do not recommend it at all !
 I was excited about getting `` The Haunted Carousel '' when i orderd it.What a let down.This is by far the most boring game in the series.Its way to easy.Plus you are limited by where you can go.This is a major step back to the quality of the first game in the series.Cheap and fast way of making Herinteractive a quick buck.They just threw this together.I hope future games , they take the time to really think things through .
 My daughter loves these games , loves to spend time solving the mystery , finding clues and spending time on the game.This one lasted a few hours . It practically played itself at the end . It was short enough to have been a demo disk for the real Nancy Drew game.We have all of the others , which were ok games . Poor , clunky interface , but lots of content . This one had the same interface without the content . No more for us .
 I wanted to just close my eyes and pretend this game never happened . Unfortunately , you do not get to move around the park and explore , there were no good puzzles , we finished this game in a couple of hours . The final insult was the abrupt and non-sense ending . You could start with one of the earlier games or jump over this thing and move on to more interesting games . Although this is not satisfying for seasoned players it might be a good introduction to the series for the beginner .
 My daughter , age 10 ca n't use this because the curser skips at a big delay time . I specifically looked to make sure the program works with xp and it said it does.I tried to get help from the nancy drew website and it even tells people with skipping cursers to install a new curser driver . This is rediculous.I 've never had a prob with any other programs.I have XP Professional and there is nothing wrong with my computer , it 's the game.Anybody want to buy it ?
 Okay ... so maybe I did n't quite solve it in just 4 hours . I spent four hours trying to defeat the Barnicle Blast mini-game to get a Harmonica I needed . -LRB- Imagine the old game `` PONG '' . -RRB- Finally I turned it over to a 12 year old who beat the mini game in 2 minutes allowing me to go on with life . Other then that , I would have solved it in 4 hours . It 's not a long game . The sets are pretty but the puzzles are easy . You do get food -LRB- always a favorite in my book -RRB- but the only ride you will ride is the carousel . You do get to play the midway games as much as your like . You also get to learn shorthand and the history of carousels -LRB- fun little trivia to carry in the back of your mind -RRB- . So I guess my final thoughts would be that this game was really fun while it lasted ... but it does n't last long .
 What a bad game ! It stinks ! The create a sims is half way decent ... but it still stinks . Controls stink , furniture stinks , graphics are decent.IF YOU WANT FUN BUY SIMS 2 FOR THE PC !!!
 Basically another boring sim game.you create a sim , make it do stuff , do boring goals , get a job ... * yawn * Reeeaaaaaaaaaallllllllll boring stuff there.If your a sim fan I recomend you do n`t get this one , it ` s THE SAME THING AS ALL THE OTHER ONES!I do n`t know how you like that crap!Oh well , buy it if you want , it ` s a waste of $ $ $ $ to me .
 I love the Sims , it is a nice break from reality . But this one , I do not like the way you move them . There is a cursor like thing that you move then you push a button to move them to where the cursor is . A real pain . You can not move the character as you can in some of the other games . Graphics are good , I just wish I was in more direct control of my person .
 Is not compatible with xbox 360 . The game itself is really fun but the it will not run on xbox 360 .
 This order was canceled by the seller as soon as it was processed , no reason . Never got the game . Not a good experience .
 This game is so stupid . All the game contains is stupid fake people running around . I ca n't beleive I bought it .
 it says mario kart bundle but when i received it it was only the system with no game no charger and the stylis does n't even fit it this was the worst thing i ever bought and its not even the mario kart ds but just a regular red ds
 My item was not what was expected . It said the item was in acceptable condition yet it was a complete waste . The DS had tons of scratches , the hindge when you open the screen is half broken , it had no stylus , no charger and no mario kart game . Instead I got two gameboy games and a barn yard DS game
 Nintendo is getting out of hand . Mario games are getting crappier , crappier and crappier . Mario is for one year olds . He should die . Maybe Sonic , Halo or any other character that does n't come from nintendo should be world famous than this weakest-character-in-the-video game-history . All of his games is junk . This game is badd .
 I bought this game in early June 2004 . I ignored all the `` BAD '' comments about it because it looks like an awesome game with graphics or whatever . When I uploaded the game on my computer , however , things started to go downhill . I loaded the game in my BRAND NEW 2004 COMPUTER -LRB- that i just got recently from Gateway - which I have played SEVERAL different high-quality games with - so I know nothing is wrong with my computer itself -RRB- and all of a sudden I would get to a hallway or a room in the game , and it would completely shut off . The Adventure Company did absolutely nothing for me , I called them , I e-mailed them , I sent them technical support forms , over and over , and I had not received one response . Also , the game -LRB- the only 7 minutes that I played -RRB- gives me a huge headache and there are certain parts that do n't really make sense . I do n't know what it is - but certainly buy the first Traitor 's Gate - the REAL one with the crown jewels - best came ever . Dreamcatcher did something wrong with this game . This was a total waste of money . HOWEVER do not go to the Adventure Company 's site to buy games - this game was on there for 29.99 , and Amazon had it for 9.99 - talk about RIP off ...
 I thoroughly enjoyed the first Traitors Gate and played it over and over again . I expected the same graphics , excitement , historical aspects , and fun out of Traitors Gate 2 . It was not even close ! I have n't even made it 1/4 of the way through and I 'm ready to toss it in the trash bin . I do n't even think TG 2 is made by the same people . You play in third person , there 's no searching like in the first it 's just finish this puzzle and on to the next , and I find myself being either bored or frustrated . If you are hoping for another Traitors Gate game , do n't buy this one because it 's nothing like the first . If you are looking for a historical game or one close to the original Traitors Gate , try The Messenger . I enjoyed that one .
 after being disappointed by the ending , annoyed by the cheesiness of the plotand the over-simple puzzles ... Who would want to play a sequel ?!?
 After berating the game makers for being over five months late in releasing this game and then belittling them for dropping the price to a bargain-bin amount of 20 bucks even before it hit the shelves , my pre-review for this game concluded by saying : `` Being such a hard-core adventure game fanatic , if and when it finally does come out , I 'll gladly play it . Like the saying goes , ` there 's no such thing as bad chocolate ' . But , at this point , I 'm not holding my breath for some Godiva-like quality with this one . `` Well , the game did finally arrive and after playing it for a couple of hours last night , I can honestly say that this game is actually like the product `` Mocklate '' in the ` Friends ' episode where Monica is hired to cheerfully promote the faux-product . It looks just like chocolate , but it leaves a really BAD taste in your mouth!My wife and I really love to play adventure games , it is the only game genre we play . If you 've seen some of our other game reviews , you will know this is true . While the initial episode of Crystal Key was inexplicably a strong seller , the game itself was not exactly earth-shattering . We 've played a lot of adventure games and ` The Crystal Key ' ranks well down on our list of favorites -LRB- but , by all means , not at the bottom -RRB- . It was just a good , solid , average adventure game . When they announced a sequel , we figured that they probably learned from the competition , grown along with the technology of gaming , and created a new chapter of the story that matches or exceeds the original.Boy , could that NOT be further from the truth . This game is truly awful ! With the delays and price-chopping factored in , we had set our expectations exceedingly low . But , some how , they managed to sink even well below that level . The pre-released screen shots and trailer for the game can not prepare you for how bad the actual gameplay really is . Here are just a few of the CONs to the game -LRB- there are no PROs -RRB- : - The graphics are even worse than the original game -LRB- which is almost five years old now -RRB- . Like the first game , they are pre-rendered , 360 degree panning shots that you are forced to navigate from point to point . However , the textures and details of these graphics are far worse than in game one . Every scene looks washed out and out of focus . Plus , the cylindrical views actually `` jumped and popped '' as we turned which got exceedingly annoying after a while.-The music soundtrack , I am not kidding , sounds like it was dubbed from a porno movie ! I think they meant to give the game a `` hipper '' beat but , oh my , I do n't think they intended to make THAT association.-The characters of the game are immovable , pixilated add-ins that show absolutely no emotion . The voice-over acting is adequate , but the dialog is sophomoric at best.This drivel looks like it was created by a twelve-year-old , indy game developer using an old 386 computer . Unfortunately , the list of credits for this game includes many members of a professional creative team ! I would have been much more lenient with my review had it actually been an independent creation . ...
 Sturgeon 's law states that 95 % of everything is crap . I think he was optimistic - for every Hamlet , there are bezillions of sitcoms ; For every Ring Cycle , there are several cubic yards of mindless MTV pap.And for every Myst , or Syberia , there are far too many games like Crystal Key 2 . Crude and muddy graphics , pointless story line , endless exposition , and illogical puzzles based on the tried and trusted technique of ` search everywhere until you are frustrated ; talk to everyone many times over ; try everything in your inventory , in combination if necessary'No redeeming features , as far as I can see ...
 I waited for months and months for this game to be released.When I first started the game I wrote off the absolutely abysmal character voice overs as `` something I could deal with '' and anxiously looked forward to the puzzles . What a complete disappointment . The dialog was difficult to listen to , again and again . If you went back to see if something was new . . and it was n't . . you got the whole original speil again . The puzzles were either way too easy . . or not intuitive at all . . a bunch of try everything until it works . They also had to be done somewhat in a particular order . If you guessed that you needed something early etc , you could n't do it until the game was ready . I was all ready to finally get to a `` new '' place when I realized I had finished the game . Even if this game is in the `` bargain basement '' box for $ 2 . . forget it , it is n't worth it.This is a perfect example of everything * not * to do for a game of this type . . Oh . . there were a couple really neat graphics . . but look on any review site and you can see the couple that are worth bothering to see . . and you ca n't traverse them so what you see there is what your going to get in the game
 I anxiously pre-ordered the game from the Adventure Company -LRB- $ 20 -RRB- since I totally enjoyed the first Crystal Key -LRB- that game got me hooked on PC games -RRB- . What a disappointment ! I had technical difficulties to start with and the game play was awful . I will admit the graphics are good and the story line is so-so , but the jumping back-and-forth to locations and trying to figure out the next steps is extremely tedious.Eventually I finished the game , but only because I hate giving up on something -LRB- even if it is bad ! -RRB- . Not worth the money .
 I bought this from Best Buy for $ 10 . That was $ 10 more than it was worth . If you like an ` adventure game ' that is nothing more than scan the pretty background with a blue cursor and click when it turns green then this is for you . Otherwise look elsewhere . The adventure games I played on my computer 20 years ago were miles above this piece of trash .
 Completely disjointed , bad graphics , stiff characters , obscure puzzles . And I paid $ 39.99 by pre-ordering from Amazon.ca and saw it on EB 's shelf 2 days before I got my copy from Amazon , for $ 19.99 !!!!! $ 20.00 cheaper !!!! Live and learn ... And it 's not even worth the $ 19.99 IMO . Save your money .
 Do n't you just love a game that has technical problems right off the bat . I installed this game without any difficulties and the game would not launch . So I uninstalled the game , disabled my anti-virus , and reinstalled the game . Still would not launch . So $ 20 completely wasted because I can not even start the game . I wrote technical support for the Adventure Company - we 'll see if they even bother to respond . They did n't the last time I wrote them about a completely different problem with another one of their games.I ended up having to get a new video card in order to play this game . Although , I 'm sure it will come in handy for future games it was a complete waste of money regarding this game.I hated this game and I admit that I could not even finish it . The graphics were absolutely terrible , bad enough that it made gaming more difficult since I often could n't make out what I was looking at . I attempted to play this game right after playing Syberia II . I do n't expect every game to look as beautiful and detailed as the Syberias but this game looks like something that could have been produced 10 years ago.The other thing that drove me crazy was the music . For some reason the game had a jazz-like soundtrack . That would be fine if the game took place in New Orleans or Chicago instead of some planet elsewhere in the galaxy.I do my best to finish games -LRB- after all who wants to waste the money -RRB- no matter how bad they are . I just could n't do it with this one .
 The kids love the movie but the concept of the game is not so great . It 's a bit difficult for them to play and the concept of the game is not very interesting for them . They do n't play it at all .
 This game did n't hold my daughter 's -LRB- or my -RRB- attention . There was nothing really special about the game , though it was cute , and movement of the character was frustrating at times . It was played all of 3 times and has now been sitting at the back of our game cabinet untouched for a year . A younger child -LRB- my daughter was 9 when we bought this -RRB- may enjoy the gameplay a bit more as the game is enjoyable visually , but the controls would be even more frustrating for them .
 Unlike the first Mysterious Journey , this game TOO many puzzles and is very boring . If you want to play a game for hours and days without getting anywhere , then this game is for you . I do nothing but workout and play games with my spare time , and this game is n't worthy of that time . I 've played games like aliens vs predator 2 , eternal darkness , rez evil , tomb raider , so I have plenty of patience when it comes to gaming . The graphics are stunning , but that 's it for me . If you do n't have the first game , then get it instead .
 I have never written a review before but this game is so bad that I wanted to warn people ! I am a college graduate and have played a great many adventure games . If you are not a math and game playing geek , I suggest you read the cheat sheets at Gameboomers . Com to see what you will be getting yourself into before you invest anything in Mysterious Journey 2 . The puzzles are continuous and so convoluted that you will spend hours and hours doing nothing but trial and error . There is nothing clever or original about any puzzle in this game . The good graphics are wasted . The characters are at best stupid and the story line is mediocre . By the way , if you do not understand base numbers , you probably will not understand even the cheat sheet . If you loved Syberia , than you will be very disapointed with this dud .
 I just installed this game and played it for 5 minutes and I literally want to throw up . The graphics are awesome and the game looks like it would be really fun , if it were n't for the 1st person navigation system . This full 360 degree viewing is totally gross . it 's like you are inside a sphere , and when you move the mouse the sphere rolls the screen around , so every single thing you want to look at requires the entire screen to move , at a disgusting rate . i slowed the mouse movement down as far as it would go but it was still like i was on a rollercoaster . Have you ever seen clockwork orange ? you know how they forcefeed the guy images to cure him and he freaks out , well that 's how i felt after 5 seconds of game play . 15 minutes later now , and i still have motion sickness . give me still images please !!
 My husband and I are experienced puzzle game players and huge fans of the original Mysterious Journey . It was with great anticipation that we started this game , but we have officially given it up halfway through.Our biggest problem is that our machine , only one year older than the game 's release date , with a decent graphics card , does not have the right setup for this game 's graphics rendering . Stuff flashes in and out of visibility , the cursor comes and goes , people 's arms detach from their bodies , and any prolonged animated scene completely mucks up the whole works to the point that the machine has to be rebooted -LRB- IF we can access the save screen at all -RRB- . We may have been willing to fight longer if the game had drawn us in more , but the puzzles just are n't as interesting as they were in the original , except for a couple of good mathematically-based ones . Also , the puzzles were extremely linear ; there was rarely a matter of collecting information in general towards solving one of several open mysteries -LRB- as one encounters in , say , Riven -RRB- , but always just one puzzle you needed to solve at a time , and always of the `` solve this so you can get past this door/bridge '' variety , which got a bit repetitive.We moved on to a different game in our `` to play '' pile ... and were sad to leave this one unfinished , but just could n't take it any more .
 I was pretty disappointed with this game and definitely regret buying it . I like adventure games to a point , but this one is pretty much just for hardcore puzzle fans . Some of the puzzles will require you to sit for hours writing formulas and graphs to try and figure out . Most of the time I found it faster to keep pressing random buttons and let luck do the work.Basically , if you LOVE puzzles , this game will keep you entertained for quite some time , otherwise stay away .
 Regarding the puzzles in this game , apparently , the publisher did n't learn . This is a set of impossibly hard , arbitrary puzzles masquerading as an adventure game . Basically , read the lowest rated reviews here for the earlier game , Schizm , and you 'll see what this game is like .
 I recently played another game that had the same problem as this game did on my computer . You have to have a specific graphics program to run it . I have a Dell with a Intel -LRB- R -RRB- 82845G/GL/GE / PE/GV graphics card which works well with most things . MJ II needs something called a TnL -LRB- ? -RRB- compatible card to work . As a result , I have people coming out of doors and THEN the door opens , after which the people are back on the other side of the door . Or , people leave a room , and then the dialogue section where they are IN the room plays . That part does n't really bother me that much because the story line is pretty much boring and does n't make too much difference to the players quest through the puzzles . Actually , there does n't seem to be much relationship between what the characters say and what the players do . For instance , at one point , the player is taken to meet the leaders of a group and after a discussion , the leader says , '' _______ '' -LRB- ca n't remember the name -RRB- `` will take you to your quarters . '' Then , they all disappear . No one has shown you anywhere . You are exactly where you were and your quarters do n't really exist in the game . The other thing I do n't like about this game is that if you are n't a real math buff , you wo n't be able to figure out some of the puzzles without looking at the hints . Really , guys ! How many people out there know to count in base 4 or base 12 ? With what reference were they directed to do so ? I played Syberia and loved it . Boy , is this one a disappointment ! And to think I wasted good money on it ! Bah !
 If you grew up on Myst and Riven , you will be disappointed . The graphics are ok , the music is ok , but I can deal with sucky graphics or music if the story and puzzles are worth it . Sadly , while the puzzles are somewhat tough and interesting , they are all separate and not really related to the actual story . They are just there to be there . You figure one out , you move on . Not like Riven and Myst where almost all the parts of the game connect with each other , and everything adds to or advances the main plot.Speaking of which , while the plot in Mysterious Journey has POTENTIAL to be interesting , the writing and voice overs are so corny that it falls flat.I have been searching for a game that can stand up to the Myst series ever since -LRB- sadly -RRB- UbiSoft decided not to make anymore . This one is n't it . However , if you are REALLY REALLY bored , it will amuse you for a while . Just buy it used so you do n't waste your money .
 I just do n't see how anyone could like this game . The puzzles make little sense , and the game just did n't interest me at all.It starts off in an ugly , dark spaceship , and by the time I FINALLY got out of that level I was VERY ready to move on . But instead of taking me to a level with something interesting to look at and interact with -LRB- which is the ENTIRE reason I bought the game , for the beautiful backdrops -RRB- , it plops me into another uninteresting level with a bunch of weird pods and laser lights.The game never gave me any clue as to what I was doing or more importantly WHY I was doing it . I had no interest in any of the EXTREMELY difficult puzzles , and I ended up just wanting to get the heck out of the game , I read one reviewer 's comment -LRB- who was a mathematician -RRB- , and he said some of the puzzles were even difficult for him!I will never buy any more Mysterious Journey games . They just are n't worth it .
 I am a huge adventure game fan , I did Schizm and enjoyed it . I have played all the versions of MYST , and others with a simmilar game play style , as they are my forte , and most enjoyable to me . I usually can finish a game with little or no help , and maybe at times , a hint , to get out of a bind , but this game seemed to have little or no logic , and having had to refer to a walkthrough for MOST of it , I found it frustrating , tedious and annoying . Some of the bizzare sounds in it literally made me nauseous and I had to mute the game to get through those parts ! I found that even with the walkthrough , I asked myself repeatedly , how was I supposed to figure THAT out !? The graphics are indeed awesome , or I would not have even bothered to take the time to see it through to the end . It made me tense and was really not worth my time . I frankly would only recommend this game to someone who is a dedicated gamer , and who wants a challenge that could cause you to want to pull out your hair !! The puzzles are too frequent and too random , a trial and error solution for the most part , if this is your idea of fun then you might like it , but for me ... thumbs down all the way .
 Do n't waste your money on this game . The puzzels are sooooooooooo difficult you need a walk through to play . I finally gave up out of frustration and uninstalled this game .
 I had so much fun with this game in the first `` chapter '' but when I reached the second `` chapter '' , on the island , the game came to almost a complete stop . I have a fast computer with tons of memory and have never had any problems with any kind of game before this . I contacted the e-mail address that the website referred me to and I received NO response back . So here I just spent a lot of money for a new game and it wo n't work and they wo n't help . Too bad . It had promise . AVOID THIS GAME .
 This game is a ripoff of the MYST games . From the MYSTerious to just the overall game , you 're much better getting the phenomenal MYST games . Honestly , do n't spend your money on something that 's only a small fraction equal to the beauty of MYST , Riven , Exile -LRB- well , MYST and Riven beat Exile ... -RRB- , or Uru .
 After Schizm 1 I had high hopes for this game . Too bad . In my opinion , it just is n't as good . I am very disappointed.Why ? The puzzles . The story . The graphics . I could go on , but I 'd just be ranting and this is n't the place for it . I just did n't like it .
 I have not been able to play this game yet . It would have been nice to know that you need a video card that supports TnL before I bought it . Costing I found around 100.00 bucks . So now I have to wait till I can afford it . The company should have written somewhere that you need this , because I read the box , and the requirements before hand , and it said nothing about needing this video card . Now I am stuck with a game I ca n't play right away ... thanks alot !!
 Perhaps my expectations were too high but I was rather disappointed by this depthless puzzle game . The game is advertised as an adventure in Egypt but it is possible to complete this game in only a matter of hours . The game consists of figuring out a few puzzles , and interacting only with only designated characters . Exploration is also limited and once you have finished the puzzle , there is no point in playing again .
 I could not get this title to run on my computer . It is equipped with XP and the game gave a fatal error after all 3 attempts at loading . Could have been just a bad disc so I do n't actually know if it 's a programming problem . None the less , I could not play the game .
 Just could n't get into this game . It was boring . I only played for a little while and it just did n't hold my interest.I had just finished playing Syberia before this one so maybe that had something to do with it .
 This game sucks worse than any game ever made ! I would rather play space invaders on my 80 's atari system ! I love first person adventure games but damn this was just painful ! DO NOT BUY THIS GAME ! It 's stupid ! No story that anyone cares about , choppy gameplay and interface , stupid characters , and did I mention the sense of humor ? Holy mother of god is the sense of humor bad ! Just horribly bad.And it 's also full of bugs . It freezes constantly , jams up your pc , the cursor will stop working for no apparent reason and it 's SLOW !!!!! That is if it starts in the first place !!! Just read this : http://fourfatchicks.com/Reviews/Forever_Worlds/FW.shtmlThe whole system is full of bugs ! Do a search for it on google and just read about the problems with it.The best part of this game was running the uninstall program that came with it.Mostly what you will get fromn this game is a starting logo , then another starting logo then freeze . I had to cut the power at the wall to restart my pc.For those of you who are tempted to buy this pathetic pile of dripping snot - you know who you are , you need to know this first-YOU WILL REGRET IT . I PROMISE YOU THAT .
 This is a very frustrating game . I have a good computer system and have never had the difficulties I encountered playing this game , i.e. , very `` jerky '' maneuvering movements ; highly sensitive Navigation Cursor in that you go to another area without wanting to and have to return ; `` Saved Games '' not loading at times ; having to reboot due to freezing or blacking out of the scene.This could be a fun game as the concept and some of the characters are good , particularly the lizards but the frustration is not worth it .
 Well I did n't like this game at all . The fact that it was strange did n't really bother me . It was the horrible gameplay . It was one of those games where the camara went along with where you dragged your mouse , and you had to look all around you . up , down , left , right . It made me absolutely nauseous . After about 2 minutes of playing I felt like I had to throw up . Not to mention that the story is horrible , it 's not funny . It 's just plain cheezy . If anyone finds this game funny they have a very strange sense of humor . Every character in the game was really annoying . You could n't actually talk to them . When you clicked on them , they would say things to you , but it is n't interactive conversation . Wow was this one bad . I just felt there was no point to the story , and I wanted all of the characters to be quiet .
 I 've been trying for a week to get this to work . I 've been going back and forth with their support department and the game keeps locking up my machine . From what I 've seen of the game so far , it looks like you might want to stay away from this .
 First of all , right from the very first dialogue i knew i was going to have to mute this entire game because the voice acting hurt my ears it was so bad . And there 's no subtitles , so i did n't know what anyone was saying . But Did i care ? No , i did n't . I 'd rather have no idea what 's going on than listen to those horrible character voices . It 's ok becuase you do n't really need the dialogue to get through this game . it 's just you run of the mill inventory game `` get this , now put it here '' , type of thing . there 's a couple puzzles that require a little focus , but not too difficult . graphics were not good . no techinical issues for the most part . i did have to start over once because the game just gliched and would n't allow me to go forward.Overall it seems like it could have been better , but whoever wrote the story for this just slaughtered any chance of that . The main character sounded like a full grown man trying to talk like a baby ? It was sickening . And the story line did n't seem to make any sense to me . It seems like this game was supposed to be humorous , but like the other reviewers said , it was just extremely annoying . If you could get this game for free , or for one dollar , and you had absolutely nothing else to do , then i 'd say go for it . But be warned , as soon as you walk into a new area your point of view changes . Sometimes you stay in a forward direction , other times you face the same direction you jsut came from . so if you 're walking down a trail you really have no idea if you 're moving forward or just going right back to the same screen . this becomes very frustrating during the MAZE.It was not entirely a waste of time , but I woud not reccoment it to anyone .
 This game 's puzzles are too hard it killed any fun that might 've come out of it .
 I have two computers and I installed it on each one , after I had problems saving my game on my older computer . For some reason , I can not save my game at all on the old nor the new computer . I have not reason to play it since I can not save it . Anyone want to buy it from me ?
 I had a lot of trouble playing this game . Each time after playing for 30 minutes or so , the game would freeze , I would have to restart my computer , and thus lost the play . This was extremely frustrating . But this was not the only glitch . Sometimes the view spun out of control , so I could n't complete the puzzles and had to restart . Lots of problems there . But apart from that , although the scenes were lovely , the story lacked continuity , the puzzles were not entertaining , and the challenges were either too simple or too hard . I would not recommend this game . I agree with others , buy Siberia I & II , or The Longest Journey . These are far superior to Forever Worlds
 As I began this game I was not surprised to find how awful it was . There are several reasons why I did not like this game : : : The Quality : : I did not expect the quality in this game to measure up to the quality of some of the masterpieces I have played recently -LRB- Syberia , The Longest Journey -RRB- . When I saw the box the pictures on it were slightly better then I had expected . When I started up the game I could not believe how bad the pictures were . It was slightly blurry . You could see the pixels that made up the picture . It was so bad that I almost turned off the game right there. : : The Movement : : This game was point and click except there is a scroll . I read reviews about how the scrolling made the people playing it dizzy before I bought the game . I ignored those reviews figuring the people who wrote those were wimps . DO NOT IGNORE THESE REVEIWS !! This game literally made me nauseous . But if you are a fan of extremely wild rollercoasters you might enjoy the scroll feature. : : The Characters : : In the first clip at the beginning of the game one of the characters sounded like she was reading her lines off of a piece of paper . Well , obviously the actress is reading off of a piece of paper but it is her job to make us feel that she is n't reading off of a script . This might just bother me because acting is a hobby of mine , and wo n't annoy anyone else.I found these 3 problems in the 5 minutes that I played this game . I 'm sure that if I played for longer I could many more things to criticize . The one thing I liked was the story . It seemed somewhat interesting.In short , just buy Syberia , Syberia II , and/or The Longest Journey instead of Forever Worlds . They are amazing games . They 're truly magnificent.-Erin
 This is the very worst adventure game I have ever played . SAVE YOUR MONEY ! For starters , it does not work on windows 98 unless you run media player first each and everytime . -LRB- It took me 5 days to find out how to get it working on my system , no help from the company web site -RRB- Second , it is just plain STUPID ! The jokes on the game and the free walkthrough are so stupid I had to keep forcing myself to come back and continue to play . The only reason I continued was beacuse I had $ 20.00 and alot of time wrapped up in this game . If someone offers to give this game to you for free , save yourself the frustration and just refuse the offer . BAD BAD BAD
 An old Ross Perot quote pretty much sums up this game
 Oh man , where do I begin ? First of all , I have never written an amazon review . Reason being that I am usually pretty indifferent , or i should say on the level and feel that the customer can choose for him or herself without listening to my opinion which is many time different from theirs anyway . However , this game was so utterly and painfully terrible that I feel it my duty ... . no , my crusade , my jihad , my mission and my ka to warn anyone , ANYONE no matter your usual preference of games to avoid this embarressmet at all costs . Do not take this game even if someone offers YOU 20 bucks to take it off their hands . This curse , this abomination may quiet possibly signal the doom of mankind and any further intelligent thinking on the part of mankind . The writing is terrible on such a level that I felt sick listening to the dialog ... . which is impossible to turn down other than adjusting you own speaker volume because this game offers absolutely no game options what so ever . I am one of the few people who still love playing adventure games and i state this so no one gets the imppression that i am a first person shooter who 's first forray into adventure gaming was this . I play adventure games for story , writing and thinking ... . this monstrosity of a game gets a F in every category . I 'm serious , do not waste your money on this game , do not waste your time or even 2-3 days of your life on this game ... . go outside and feed bread crumbs to ducks or drill an enormous hole straight through your eyeball , just do not play this game . It is a curse that will stay with you . After witnessing this you will never ever buy an adventure again without first reading 30 reviews at least . After playing this game , which i might add I did not have the stomach to complete , I now no longer believe that mankind as a whole is evolving upwards toward some form of perfection . I now believe that we are de-volving at an unparrelled rate and that soon we will be swinging from trees again or living in caves drawing stick figures of deer and bears and such and calling those stick figures works of unriveled artistry . Please , unless you are considering all the pros of tolitarian censorship , then avoid this game as if it were a rampaging rabid grizzley in heat .
 This game has done nothing but misbehave . First it did not want to load my saved game so I started over again . Second time around it was OK . Then the game blacked out on me at the same point every time , I uninstalled and installed again but the same thing kept happening . The Adventure Company has no on-line help , you have to e-mail them . I could not find a patch either . I am probably going to e-mail them to see what happens but basically I have written it off . I have all the requirements needed according to the box -LRB- XP etc. -RRB- . The little I played was disappointing and very confusing , the best thing they could do was to give a solution guide along so you can check if you are really just confused or does the game go somewhere ?? I never got past the 2nd chapter so who knows ?? Graphics are very cartoon like but then I am used to Myst , Syberia and other top of the line games . I could live with that if other features would make up for it , but that is not the case .
 I honestly do n't know why I did n't look at these reviews before I purchased this game . I do n't know the technical terms -- -LRB- interface ? -RRB- but simply moving through the game is excruciatingly difficult , and the screen goes to black and you suddenly appear someplace new -- you ca n't actually see yourself `` move . '' I am a huge fan of Nancy Drew PC games and Syberia I and II . Not only are they fascinating , but it 's easy to move through the game -- you do n't even think about it . This was a huge struggle , no fun at all , and I was very happy to give up on it .
 This game was just bizzare . I rarely laughed at the corny humor that saturates the gameplay -- I usually rolled my eyes . I thought the navigation was illogical and frustrating as well . This is one of those games that I forced myself to finish , and was glad when it was over . Still , it had enough challenge in it to keep me going , so it was n't a total waste . I 've definitely played worse games -LRB- like Conspiracies -RRB- .
 Had a heck of a time trying to run it on XP which only added to the unavoidable realization that this `` adventure game '' is a complete waste of a person 's time and energy . I could n't tell you much in the way of storyline because my computer would freeze up every 10 sec . I gave up trying to go past the 1st chapter . Who needs this aggravation . Root canal is more pleasant .
 My boyfriend and I played this game together . When we finished we sat and looked at each other with `` deer-caught-in-the headlights '' looks on our faces . The game comes with a walkthrough
 I eagerly awaited this 3rd episode and was very disappointed . The graphics are not as good as the 1st two games , and the use of the arrow keys , rather than the mouse , was cumbersome . I r ead that the creators of the game say that this is the future of adventure games . I certainly hope not as , in my opinion , the mouse action is so much smoother . The rich color of the 1st two games was amazing , and since this game is several years ahead , I expected more in the way of lush graphics . It was not there . It was difficult to get the characters to move in straight lines . I found the game concentrated too much on eye-hand quick coordination to get through many parts , rather than logic . I did not enjoy spending hours trying to progress through the game by learning which keys to press , in which order , and doing it without missing a beat . To me , that is not an `` adventure game '' but rather a game of beating the clock . I finally through in the towel about 3/4 through .
 Could not get this game to work on XP . Have had trouble gettinga few other games to work also . Hard to know which to buy anymore.Overall I have had good experience with Amazon .
 The copy protection for this game installs a system driver and causes the game to take over a minute to start each time . Super-annoying .
 What a bore ! This game has stilted characters , bad acting , stupid puzzles -LRB- it seems you have to find out things in a particular order -- if not , too bad -RRB- . Maybe it gets better as it goes , but after about 20 minutes , I could n't stand going through it again to get the clues in the proper order . It goes into the waste bin .
 I love this genre of games and this game sounded like it had a lot of promise . It has turned into the most disappointing game I have ever played . In my opinion , it is a follow-the-directions kind of game . There are few , if any , puzzles . There are many scenes in which you die and then have to repeat the whole scene over and over and over again in order to move on . I actually purchased a game controller because one scene could not be accomplished via the keyboard . Well , the game controller did n't help much either . This game volleys back and forth between boring and frustrating . Not a good combination . Save your money . Do n't buy it .
 After I install this game , I click on the game icon it 's tell me to restart the computer for the Broken Sword Protection Driver . I restarted the computer , then my computer detected that the starforce driver and disable it due to compatibly problems . I would n't recommend this game due to the starforce driver compatibly problems with newer Microsoft Windows systems such as vista and 7 .
 I 'm vacillating between two or three stars on this game so maybe it should be two and a half . The story is pretty obvious - Jack the Ripper or a copycat is in New York in 1901 killing off prostitutes in what the game calls the `` Lowside District '' of New York . Why in the world the developers decided to call lower Manhattan the Lowside District is beyond me . Or why the Pinkerton detective agency is called the `` Pinterten '' Detective agency . Or why a deranged raven shows up at the crime scene of a couple of the murders and then disappears until the very end of the game when you hear the words , `` Nevermore , nevermore . '' What 's Poe got to do with this game ? They even have a story line about the World Series which did n't even exist in 1901 . OK , but all that aside what drove me the most crazy about this game was that it was very linear . You have to keep going back over the same locations over and over because something was n't done in the correct order . In the final chapter I ended up visiting every location three times . The only positive note is that navigation is easy . It you want to leave a location , just right-click and the map comes up so that you can visit another spot - again and again.The graphics are pretty good . There 's really is n't an abundance of dialogue but the acting is fine . The music is something I rarely pay attention to - in fact if there is an option to turn it down I usually do because it interferes with the speaking voices and I find it annoying . This game did not have that option and there was only one time that the music was a problem . There really are n't any puzzles - just when to use inventory items in the right place at the right time . They were pretty straight forward . There was one timed sequence in the morgue that I actually thought was kind of a bit of sick humor - I had to use a walkthough for it . I never would have figured it out myself.After all that - the ending . It was terrible . Absolutely awful . All that detective work -LRB- reporter work actually -RRB- for nothing . I expected some big confrontation between the reporter and the villain or the heroine to be in actual danger and saved by the reporter - nope . Nothing , except a stupid , `` Nevermore , nevermore . ''
 This is one of the worst games I have ever played . First of all , I like games that make you think . This game is completely predictable . If you do n't figure out something right away -- you wo n't have to worry . Your cursor will figure it out for you . There are only a few logic puzzles , and even those are too easy . And if you like visiting the same locations over and over in a game , then this one 's for you . I give it a 1 out of 10 .
 The game has an interesting story , and the setup as a writer who is on the ripper 's trail is pretty good.However , the game 's technology is outdated , and its implementation overly buggy . Also , the gameplay itself is extremely dull . But I played through it all because the whole `` Jack the Ripper '' story kinda intrigues me anyway . Now I do not want to spoil the game for you by telling you the ending , but really , there simply is n't much to spoil . It was not worth it at all.This is one of those games with a real story . It makes you wish that there were more games with a story like this . But then you realize how bad this is actually implemented and you kinda lose hope for the whole genre ... If I were you , I 'd steer clear .
 Since other reviews touched on gameplay and it 's graphics , I just want to say this ... 1 . Sure , your surroundings are a pretty picture . . but I like games that are interactive . I want to go through drawers , look closer at pictures . . do something besides run around busy rooms that you can do nothing but run through .2 . The plot is weak . I wo n't spoil the story-line , but each in game day you pretty much go to the same places , talking to the same people . You have to meet certain requirements to make the game progress , and non of it is interesting.The one thing I did like about the game , there are a couple real nice songs you can listen to while you play , or just wait in one of the bars and listen.Unfortunately , I got this as a present for my mom , thinking it would be a puzzle game and be creepy . Buzz , wrong !
 At the beginning of this game you feel like you 're really going to solve a mystery but in places it gets really tedious and leaves a cliff hanger at the end . I do n't recommend this game , save your money for something like Syberia or Tomb Raider .
 The music was good . That is all I can find good to say about this game . The ending was very disappointing to me . What a let down . The game play itself was boring and dragged on .
 The Adventure Company has a knack for taking high concepts and making them into terrible games . Take for example `` The Mystery of the Mummy '' , a Sherlock Holmes mystery game that made the world 's most famous detective seem insipid . As lousy as some of their attempts have been in the past , high concepts keep players coming back to The Adventure Company . `` Jack the Ripper '' has a concept so ideal it seems impossible to ruin , and yet the game is phenomenally atrocious.The game is set in New York City in 1901 . A couple of poverty-stricken showgirls have been murdered in a fashion similar to the Jack the Ripper killings of 1888 . Jimmy Palmer , a na 've young reporter , is assigned by his editor to write a series of newspaper articles on the killings . As Jimmy looks into the murders , he discovers that the same serial killer might be responsible for both the 1888 and 1901 murders . There 's the high concept . The game play is from the first-person perspective of Jimmy from beginning to end . It consists of returning to the same locations and talking to the same people repeatedly , using dialogue options that are n't really all that optional . Occasionally , Jimmy can collect items such as keys and money to appease stubborn suspects . There are only one or two actual puzzles in the entire game.The game parades many characters based loosely on actual suspects in the real-life Jack the Ripper murders , but Jimmy never seems to come any closer to solving the mystery . A game called `` Jack the Ripper '' should at least guarantee a creepy ambience , and the game seems to succeed in that area initially , but it soon becomes apparent that ambience is n't enough . Menacing footsteps when no one is following you , whispered dialogue that is unintelligible and unimportant to the storyline , and shady characters that ca n't be interacted with and do n't contribute anything to the plot become annoying after a short while . In one room , a hushed , secretive whisper resembling `` I can sell you the most beautiful radishes '' can be heard repeatedly . Dark , blood-stained alleys lose their creepiness after a while . The score is beautiful and unnerving , but it only adds to the misleading feeling that something frightening is going to happen , and it hardly ever does . There are also several moments in the game where Jimmy appears to have a psychic connection with a raven , leading to trippy graphic sequence with no pay-off . Many critics have noted the series of Irish folk tunes performed by one of the game 's characters as a bright spot . The songs themselves are beautiful and haunting , like the game 's score , but the animated performances that accompany them are less varied and more mechanical than a floorshow at Chuck E. Cheese 's . Also , be warned that there is n't a twist ending , just an anticlimactic one . Maybe someday still The Adventure Company will redeem itself . In the meantime , avoid this game .
 I bought this game because I wanted to play a game that was intriguing and mysterious . Well , it turns out that this game is frustrating at best , because of its linear play . This game does n't allow the player to do anything out of order , which results in time-consuming wandering back and forth between locations , or praying that something different happens the 100th time you visit a location . I found myself very frustrated with the narrowness of this game , and do n't recommend it to anyone . The only reason why it gets 2 stars is because of the environment is very realistic , and one gets a good feel for early 1900 's life , as well as the fact that the music and acting are actually done quite well . However , some sound bites cut off right in the middle of a sentence , which has the player wondering what was said . Finally , there are misspelled words and factual errors , such as the World Series in 1901 . This game is n't very good .
 I had heard about this game before it came out and how it was so great and all . Well this game could have come out 7 years ago and looked the same . It 's very archaique , the graphics are quite blurry , the animation is not good , since you do n't really move around freely but click in a section of the screen that takes you there if you can . After you click it takes you to the next scene , it 's not linear , it 's just frame after frame . You do n't have that much freedom in the game , it 's not like you can go talk to anyone you want or try things that could seem cool . The game is too easy to play too , i do n't even think the atmosphere is that great , it 's just plain boring.I usually love role playing games and i 'm very interested in jack the ripper , and thought the two put together would be a great combo but it 's a huge disappointment . With all the technology that 's available today , the creators of this game could have come up with something a whole lot better . I would have rather spent 10 or 15 more bucks and gotten something decent . I guess you get what you pay for .
 New York , 1901
 I hate nonspecific reviews that just say `` this game sucks '' but ... this game sucks !! Ahhh , where to begin ? The first thing that bothered me was all the little glitches and idiosyncracies . You WILL sometimes get stuck in an area and not be able to get out - the interface does not always work . If you do n't get the puzzles right the very first time , be prepared to go back to your last save because even if you eventually get it right , the game will not let you pass . And , be prepared to do a lot of fiddly walking around to areas that never ever come in useful . And also be prepared , unless you get every character to say every phrase and talk to them in EXACTLY the right order , you will have to retrace your steps -- even if you show up at the correct location with exactly the right idea in mind , it may not do you any good . I would not mind all this stuff if the story was good , but ... SPOILER WARNING ... . THE ENDING IS NOT REALLY AN ENDING AT ALL !!!!! IT IS ACTUALLY A HUGE LETDOWN/SETUP FOR A SEQUEL !!! This seems to be a recurring trend in Adventure Company games -LRB- ie Syberia -RRB- . That said , the graphics were nice , and the soundtrack definitely kept the spooky mood going -LRB- although it was sometimes repetetive -RRB- . My character occaisionally needed some sort of laser surgery or corrective lens that was not supplied -LRB- the backgrounds tend to be blurry -RRB- . I wish they had started out the first day telling me I would never ever find the killer so at least I went in with my eyes open . Then I would realize that I was spending all this time on eye candy , and not even very good eye candy , and things would have been straightforward .
 Why did I waste my hard-earned shekels on this ca-ca from Adventure Gaming ? I have a state-of-the-art Gateway desktop but the game always locked up tighter than a frog 's sphincter at the menu screen . I had to unplug my main power cord to break the stranglehold on my computer every time I tried to click on ` New Game ! ' Their Technical Service had me jump through numerous hoops -LRB- install new drivers for my cutting-edge Nvidia graphics board , uninstall/reinstall , shut off programs during install , etc. etc. blah , blah , blah -RRB- . Nothing worked . Save your money and in my humble opinion be wary of Adventure Gaming 's future offerings . You 've been duly warned .
 I think guitar hero is a great game . I think it is interactive and gets the player out of his or her seat . I think it enhances a person 's hand-eye coordination . I also believe guitar hero is a great group game , much like the Wii is . Guitar Hero is good for any age group . And Guitar Hero III especially has some GREAT songs and artists . I give this game 5 stars , but this package and it 's wireless guitar are terrible . I only had this guitar and receiever for 3 days and it suddenly stopped working . I 've had to wait 3 weeks for a replacement . I do NOT recommend the wireless components . PS2 is n't ready for that yet , obviously .
 The game itself is great , they have really outdone themselves on that . However , I was very let down by the controller which was the reason why I had to send the product back twice and ultimately decided that the game is what I really wanted . No time for messing around with a controller that does n't work really well or at all.I was really let down that the description does n't match the product -LRB- the guitar is not a Les Paul replica , it 's a Kramer -RRB- ; and they really dropped the ball on perfecting it before it was shipped to stores .
 What a fun Christmas day when the gift you buy your son does not work . The guitar WILL NOT SYNCH !!! I have tried everything and looked online only to find there are multiple people with the same problem.Do not buy this bundle ... Do not ...
 i bought this for myself because my brother owned it and would bring it over and i would get hooked on playing it . but now years later all it does is sit in my closet collecting dust . I dont think anyone still plays anymore . the craze is over . anyone want to buy my junk ? haha
 Se & ntilde ; ores Amazon , tengo una queja al respecto de este producto , ya que yo realice la compra por internet , al ser por este medio la compra me guie por la fotografia y la descripcion y segun la fotografia compre un paquete con una guitarra y algunos extras y la descripci&oacute;n dice paquete wireles yo realice la compra y me llego solamente un Cd del juego . Por lo tanto exijo que se me haga llegar lo que yo compre , es decir la Guitarra y sus extras.Aclareme que contiene el paquete o esta mal puesta la informacion de parte de ustedes y la fotografia tambien.Para mi es una mala compra y una decepci&oacute;n porque era un regalo de Navidad , y no recibimos lo que pensamos que compramos.Necesito una aclaraci&oacute;n por su parte para saber donde esta el error.Y que lo corrijan de manera inmediata.GraciasDorys OlmedoQuito Ecuador593980228395932247036059323464390
 I would have given this a 5 star rating , but the POS Kramer guitar I got is broke ! The whammy bar does not work at all ! Everything else is fine . I 'm reading about how the 360 is having problems with their guitars too , sounds like poor manufacturing . My only other problem is the Devil Went Down to Georgia . Why cant I just play the song ? I beat the game on Medium , and just want to play the song . Not battle the devil , just play the song ! Am I missing something here ? Why do they put a song in the game that you cant JUST PLAY ? Hopefully I can get my guitar replace with out too much hassle , 'cause it is the sweetest * Official * guitar they make .
 Call me a stick in the mud ... . or call me person with values ... but Guitar Hero III has completely unnecessary sexual innuendoes throughout it and is anything BUT appropriate for children . From the nearly naked women dancing provocatively on stage , to the neon-light replica of a pole dancer , the makers of the game are obviously trying to appeal to both kids AND adults . Version I & II were top-sellers ... there was no reason to introduce sexual material.I 'm 26 and my husband and I both love the game ... until the `` dancers '' are on stage . It irritates us BOTH . What a horrible way to ruin a great game . If I DID have children , we would play Guitar Hero II only . Guitar Hero III would never be allowed in my home .
 I am not an avid gamer , but my family and I love the Kanomi Karoke series and have played them out . So in hopes of finding a new family game we bought into the Guitar Hero series . Hearing so much hype I figured buying into the third edition would be just as easy to catch on too and I would get the others later , but start with an all in one deal here.I have yet to catch on and I am so frustrated trying to learn to play that I dread when my husband wants to play . I will say , I have seen guys catch on much faster -LRB- very much a hand-eye cordination game -RRB- . My husband enjoys the game , but all the same , it really does not hold his attention - I was hoping it would be good family fun , fun with friends during our hang out nights when instead its more like Jr high ... boys in one corner girls in another . Not for my age group I guess -LRB- 25-35 -RRB- .
 This is a fun game -LRB- so my son says -RRB- . He had played it at a friends house . Unfortunately , it did not work properly so we are returning it .
 Guitar Hero III is THE favorite game in our house - competitions are fun , music selection is great . However , we bought a 2 guitar wired set with the game from a local retail store with an excellent reputation for its return policy and they could not exchange the set because it is sold out nation-wide . Activision will not support this game if you have questions and RedOctane , the maker of the game is the WORST we have ever encountered in customer service . Three emails -LRB- the only way you are allowed to contact them -RRB- went unanswered and their warranty is horrible . They have terrible ratings -LRB- 0.5 out of 5.0 -RRB- on their own website for exchanges and returns and just better than that -LRB- 1.2 out of 5.0 -RRB- for their warranty policy . There are hundreds of votes for each score . So , beware if you have a problem with your game or hardware . Try to get the problem resolved right away -LRB- and be relentless because they will not return your emails -RRB- or you will be stuck with an extra piece of plastic cluttering your family room .
 I bought this game for my 12 year old son for Christmas . He set the game up easily and played several songs on his first attempt , however , when he tried playing the game later on Christmas Night , the guitar would not work . I understand this happens frequently with this game -LRB- from friends of his -RRB- and I wound up buying another guitar -LRB- non-wireless , non-Activision brand -RRB- which is working perfectly . I also played the game and would have rated it higher had the guitar not given out on the first day of play ... Overall , a fun game for kids and adults though .
 Having played -LRB- and really having come close to liking -RRB- every game in the Battlecruiser series and having followed the development of Battlecruiser Generations , I thought perhaps this time around Derek Smart and company might get it right . But , alas , it was not to be.Being a devoted grognard , traditional wargamer , and military studies aficionado , I can tolerate a steep learning curve and less than obvious interface , all plastered over a hardcore simulation . But Universal Combat failed to live up to any of the developers ' promises or my expectations . Thank god the publisher had the presence of mind to realise this was a budget title . If Derek Smart had his way , I 'd be about $ 29.95 more ticked that I bought this game.Right from the rocky start just trying to get the program installed , to the option controls that do n't respond or revert to previous settings , I realised I had been promised a ship and a star to sail her by but had chugged off in a lemon once again . And then the game continued to perform like a `` champ '' throughout , frequently crashing , misplacing interface elements , and otherwise dying in its own misery.The game manual is as convoluted as all the other battlecruiser titles , riddled with acronyms whose definitions are buried in pages and pages of small type . There is some semblance of organization to the thing , but the biggest problem is that there is no connection between using the bogglingly complex interface and actually accomplishing something with the systems simulated in the game.As in the more poorly executed Battlecruiser Millenium , the ground , sea , and air combat modes seem to be included as pure gloss . None of these modes function well or gave me any reason to come back for more . Most annoying was the complete absence of any sense of physics , especially on the ground . I 've seen graphics driver demos with more realism.To Dreamcatcher 's credit , the graphics are far superior to any other game in the Battlecruiser series . However , the problem is that Dreamcatcher seems to be developing all the graphics for games in the series with a 2-4 year shift back in time . While occasionally pretty , I could n't help feel that I was playing an old game , even though the brand new box was sitting right on my desk.The ultimate flaw in the game itself was the total absense of any sense of progress . After many crushing engagements where my ship -LRB- pick any class , type , or purpose -RRB- was routinely destroyed before having built up enough resources to repair it or refit , I began to succeed in ship to ship combat . But beyond that , there was absolutely no sense of having any kind of impact on the game world . It seems the game developer expects one to gain a sense of accomplishment from figuring out the game interface and pretending one is involved in some kind of greater conflict . The convoluted campaigns seem to have no ultimate point . While you can , as promised , go anywhere you like and do whatever you want within the large scope of the game , what you do matters little and has no identifiable outcome . There is nothing to draw one in on any side or measure effect ; playing one ship , exploring a planet , or fighting any one battle is pretty much like another , and none of these gives any sense of having accomplished anything.The final straw for me was the developer 's support . Let 's get this out right now
 I played and enjoyed Smart 's Battlecruiser Millennium Gold , and hoped this would be a solid update in the series . Boy , was I wrong . This game is a mess - incredibly buggy , the graphics are a little better than BMG but not by much , and it lacks the stately , thoughful pace of previous games that allowed the player to immerse himself -LRB- or herself -RRB- in the Battlecruiser universe.Please , save your money . If you want to play a game where the concept worked much better , buy a copy of Battlecruiser Millennium Gold . It 's a bit dated , but thoroughly enjoyable .
 I 've been watching the progress of Universal Combat for a long time . Now that i finally have it i can say this . If you are looking for a stable well put together game that mixes planetside and freelancer , you will be thourghly sadened.No one will like this game . Those that like the slower pace of the BattleCrusier Games , you will find that this game is unplayable . The game is buggy and terrible.I know the amazon blerb says physics engine but this is not true . There are animations for the deaths , not physics based , and more importanly , the game has no way for you to go into bases . There is no crash ditection ! your character can `` go through '' bases , trees , vehicles , its terrible.The graphics are way past dated . They resemble Quake 2 . The information that you see long distance about objects ubstructs the screen . The text has a background so you ca n't see verywell.The learning curve is off the roof , this is hampered by the fact that alot of things do n't work properly . When colliding with anything your character lays down . And if you go through something , you start to sink into the floor.This is the shottiest game i have ever seen.Idea wise its great , but the steap learning curve and gameplay issues kill this game.Alot of the originally proposed ideas from Battle Cruiser Generations never made it in . The half assed job done by 3000AD is evident when you start the game and the startup image is of Battle Cruiser Generations , not universal Combat.Please do not get this game , your throwing your money away !! Get the demo from 3000ad . com and try that , if for somereason you like it then get the game . But for those looking for a tribes/planetside/freelancer crossover game do n't get this !!
 This game is horrible ! It has frequent crashes , sub-standard graphics , and an impossible to decipher interface . The game crashed on me 4 times in a row within 5 minutes of starting it up . The graphics are nowhere near games like Homeworld . It 's almost impossible to figure out or remember what keys do what in this mess of a game . Avoid like the plaque , throw it out even if you got it for free ... your time is worth more than the suffering .
 I bought this game a few days ago . It was a classic story that just made me want to buy the game
 This game has a horrible user interface and a nearly useless manual . The premise is awesome but the execution is terrible . I do n't think that I have much more to add to the reviews here other than to say that I truly tried to like this game . The premise is so darn cool that I really really wanted to like it . I read the manual . I re-read the manual . I played it with the manual next to me . Finally I had to give it up.I am very very disappointed in this game .
 I heard that the reviewers who gave the previous release a 5 star rating -LRB- Battlecruiser Millenium
 When I started to play this game it had terrible graphics and the game commands are very complicated . I am glad that my friend opened it before I did , because I am returning it right now ! Its horrible !
 I have never been motivated enough to review a game before this one . Good or bad , I pretty much just played until I got bored and figured I had my money 's worth.All of that changed with Universal Combat.To put it simply , the game is absolutely AWFUL ! Everything that has been written about it - the lack of stability , the graphics straight out of the 1980 's , the incredibly complex interface , the myriad array of choices that really do n't impact the gameplay in the slightest - are all true . This game truly is a piece of garbage.The only good thing I can say about this game - and I am stretching here - is that the box art is cool.I ca n't even sell the game to someone else ... I 'd feel too guilty about it .
 1,000 words are not enough to describe everything wrong with this terrible game . If you can actually get it to run on your PC , which 90 % of gamers will not accomplish , you 'll be pulling out your hair in frustration wondering why you bought it.To say Universal Combat has technical problems is a HUGE understatement . It 's the most bug filled game I have ever played and prone to random crashes . Looking at it funny will make this game crash . If you want to download the patches you are FORCED to register your game at the `` official '' website . It 's just another hassle associated with Universal Combat . I could n't even get the patches to work.Let 's say you actually get the game to work . The interface is horribly designed and extremely difficult to learn . It feels like it was released 5 years too early . This game requires a real PhD to figure out how to play it not the fake one Derek Smart has . Prepare to spend the rest of your life learning how to play this game to enjoy all the features.The game just feels terrible when you 're playing it . The graphics are way outdated and look like you 're playing something made for the PSone . The controls are bad and really sluggish . I honestly do n't see how anyone can give this game a 5 and recommend people buy it . There are a ton of better games out there released before and after Universal Combat . I suggest finding them and staying FAR away from this one and Derek Smart .
 This game would be great if it had a tutorial on it and a manual that actually told you how to play it , the maker has a good vision but he alone only knows how to play the game.Do not buy this game and you 'll be very happy and still have $ 20 in your wallet .
 I 've played computer games for about 20 years , and this game is by far the most difficult to play . The 91 page manual is vague and does a very poor job of explaining how things are done . The 69 page PDF tutorial manual that I got with the 2.0019 patch cleared things up a bit . However , the interface is still nonintuitive , filled with three letter acronyms like PDF , and mainly for people who have memorized the reading material.The gameplay itself is somewhat better . On the ground , it 's a simple first person shooter that can be a bit fun if you know how to get into empty vehicles . I have n't seen any navies yet . Air combat is like a simplified flight simulator , but it 's fun to shoot things . Flying a capital ship in space is very time consuming . It takes so much time to fly anywhere . Hyperspace jumps that shorten your trips take 2-4 minutes . The game desperately needs but does n't have time compression . Repairs and crew recuperation require over 10 minutes of real time . The game designer wrote that it 's best to do stuff like watching paint dry while waiting and waiting.I gave it two stars instead of one because I do enjoy the times when I blow up the bad guys ' spaceships and fighters . There is a large area of space to explore , and I like trying to increase my commander 's level the same way I like trying to get the highest level in massive online role playing games . It 's also somewhat emotionally rewarding when I finally figure out how to do stuff like order a shuttle to land a tank on a planet .
 When I researched this game online , it seemed like the holy grail . Finally a game that let you have some FPS fun before you hopped in your space ship and blasted off for some air & space battles . I figued battlefield 1942 meets homeworld 2 . I bought it as soon as it came out.Ah , but how quickly the dream became a nightmare ... After popping in the game -LRB- and having crash upon installation -RRB- I fired it up , cranked up all the graphical options -LRB- the beast can handle it , trust me . . -RRB- To my surprise , there was n't even a basic tutorial . I figured I 'll just check out the options for the key-asignments . Well folks , hope you have no plans for changing them because there are very few keys you can change . So I whip out the manual , read it , start playing ... First of all , the graphics look like an unreal tourniment mod I played back in 2000 . Only the mod was more entertaining . For the hyped `` physics engine '' I can only say this , bulls!@#! This game does n't even know what collision detection is . I mean come on , Quake had it down . The user interface gave no thought to the user at all . As you can read about in other reviews . Getting from place to place will take a long , boring time . Final thought , buy some socks instead , you 'll have more fun .
 OK let me first give you all a little bio of me before you read this review . I 'm a old school gamer from way back -LRB- vic 20 , C64 , apple , Atari , Amiga , TRS80 , ect . -RRB- I 've played a open ended game called Elite for the C64 . If your not familiar with this game let me break it down for you . You start out with a very basic ship and let loose upon the Universe . The game let you trade , raid and fight.This game is no Elite . When I read the box for Universal Combat and read some reviews I thought wow a game that is full of depth and will let me roam space and find cool `` areas of interest '' . I purchased the game and read the manual front to back and decided to pick the missions . OK I will warn you now , do n't do the missions first do roam mode . The first mission slaps you into a Space carrier and informs you that you must go and hook up with a fleet and escort some poor alien race getting picked on by another . Now that sound simple enough so I look at the map and checked where I supposed to meet everyone . It was on the other side of the map and plenty of hostiles on the way there . Now being a Newb I got killed after 2 min into the mission . There is no tutorial in the game and the first mission is a lesson in frustration.I did better when I picked roam mode . The problem with roam mode is that it lets you pick from a long list of careers and races . And each of them have a limitation to them . It took me awhile to find any info about any of this . The printed manual was no help . I did find what I was looking for in the Manual Appendix in the game file itself . Be warned that key commands can not be changed and you will use Alt , Shift Ctrl a lot . But that is n't a problem , the one that is , is the Windows key , hit that one and bang the game is crashed . Save the game often . The only way to save is to use the Save & Exit option . That 's right to save a game you must also exit the current game you where playing.Now for the graphics and the issues I had . The graphics are good looking , for 1998 . There is also issues with objects and your person . In FPS marine mode if you run into the building you will jump back 6 or more feet . . sort of a rubber banding effect . I attempted to land on a planet a few times and ended up crashing into the planet . INTO the planet not ON the planet . I was stuck in the planet and the only way out was by calling a Tow ship . I was on Earth at the time -LRB- my home base -RRB- . The Tow ship towed me to another solar system !!!! I need to wrap this up . There is a lot of stuff in this game . It just is n't implemented correctly to work . They are working of fixing some of the major bugs . But that will be it . Derek Smart is already working on a expansion for this game and is spending most of his time on that . Read the forums first before purchasing . Derek Smart is the `` Supreme Commander '' read his responses to people . Just as a side note
 This game is the first game in my life that I ever come across that failed to perform the normal routine of installation in this new millenium -LRB- where on earth is autoplay ? -RRB- . Launch the game , went to fullscreen logo , got bounced back out to small window ,1 went back to full screen again ... . it is annoying . Launch the game . Setting up a new game is not at all intuitive . Took a little bit to figure it out what kind of information does the game wants from me . The graphics were gorgeous -LRB- with the exception of user interface -RRB- . I have no idea what is my mission . I press ESC . I was too disappointed no options menu show up . I had enough at that point . Uninstall the game and chuck that game on my shelf . I was thinking of returning it . I went all over the websites and search for reviews , no reviews yet . I am a game developer myself and a gamer . When I talk about production point of view and consumer point of view , there will not be love for this game . Thank you for reading this .
 Other reviewers have done a fine job of hashing out this title 's many bad points so rather than restate the obvious I will just confirm -LRB- again -RRB- that this title is worthless . I have a very high tollerance for mediocrity in games and can usually find SOMEthing to like about even the most abyssmal title ; this game is an exception . I still own pretty much every game I 've ever bought , and I have never taken one back because I did n't like it , no matter how bad it was . Once again , this game is the exception.Do not buy this game , for any price . Unless perhaps you can find it for 99 cents in a few years on some dusty little shelf in the back of some store , it might make a nice coaster . Though even for 99 cents , you can probably find something better to spend your money on . If I had to be stranded on a desert island with this game and a computer , I would sooner rig a pulley to drop the monitor on my face than have to play it.Horrible .
 Universal Combat could have been the best thing since sliced bread . The scope of the game is absolutely unreal . You can pilot a capital ship , opt for a fighter , cruise around in a transport , defend ground installations in a tank , man a SAM silo , orchestrate combined-arms attacks on enemy installations and much more . On top of that , many of these things can be done in a single saved game . A single character can pilot both large and small craft -LRB- in space , air and ground -RRB- with relative ease and continuity . This flexibility and diversity of available options could have made for a thrilling game that seamlessly and elegantly rolled together all imaginable forms of combat -LRB- from hand-to-hand to cap-ship to cap-ship and any other intermittent combination -RRB- . Unfortunately , every individual aspect of the game is sub-par -LRB- or at the very best , average -RRB- . Space-borne ops are the most clearly developed , but even then the design , balancing and interface have a greater affinity for the author 's own idiosyncratic preferences than any standard principles of human-computer interaction . While there is an elegant continuity between the capship , fighter and shuttle aspects of the game , there is a haphazard restriction on capabilities between ships and many common activities made difficult by an unnecessarily complex or restrictive procedures . Personnel/Security management abroad the capship is interesting , but actions get bogged down in a clunky UI.Planetside operations are not very well developed at all . There is tremendous breadth on even a single planet , but not a great deal of depth . Many city structures serve no other purpose than to take up space , and while attacking a defended city may be challenging , the lack of interactivity with different parts of the city leaves one with a `` why did I bother '' feeling . Complex , ground-based operations are disappointingly difficult due to the idiosyncratic UI - while you can plan a complex op , changing strategy in the middle is absolutely unwieldy . The first-person mode is unforgivably weak , playing more like something from 1996 than anything modern.The quality of Universal Combat is definitely greater than the sum of its parts . The connection , combination and continuity between the different elements is awe-inspiring . However , when I played this game , I experienced each individual part in succession rather than `` the whole , '' and the aforementioned flaws in each individual part make gameplay frustrating as you go from one shortcoming to the next . The game 's steep learning curve -LRB- a sure sign of pride amongst BC3k fans -RRB- is partly a natural consequence of the game 's scope and complexity , but mostly due to the game 's idiosyncratic design and clunky interface .
 I bought this game , hoping that it would provide me with something fun to do whenever I had free time . Yes , the prospect of engaging enemies in major battles for control of numerous spaceports and bases on 4 different theatres of combat appealed to me . So , between this and spending $ 39.95 on Joint Operations , I chose this.What was I thinking?This game freezes often , and I ca n't even find the `` Quit '' option . Apparently , the developers wanted to make it a puzzle just trying to figure out how to move your ship or fire your guns . You ca n't do anything in this game , it crashes , freezes , you ca n't control it , and in the campaign you dont even know what to do . The best part is that you ca n't even save or load or go to an options screen . This waste of a CD should be taken out of every store in the world . Trust me , I enjoy all sorts of games from Hearts of Iron to Raven Shield to Battlefield 1942 and Starfleet Command III - DO NOT BUY THIS GAME OR ANY OTHER GAME MADE BY DEREK SMART .
 A long-time adventure gamer , I have been following this series since its beginning . I have enjoyed the other Atlantis games for the most part.To make a long story short ... this was horrible . I am utterly speechless as to how bad it is.Main complaints : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Dialog
 The game seems to have beautiful graphics ; but unless you have the simple faith of an overgrown child , and believe that having a lot of time just ripped out of your life for no reason whatsoever is a good thing , you will NEVER get to see the graphics , because your first task is to find some way out of the belly of some sort of ship , but there is not the slightest clue as to how you 're supposed to do this.Theoretically , that means that you have to scan literally every pixel of the ship 's interior -LRB- using a rather inefficient lamp -RRB- and hope to god you have the dumb luck to bump into the right trigger that opens the door to the next level . That is not in any definition of `` puzzle '' or `` mystery '' with which I 'm familiar.Well , I do n't like wasting my time ; and I do n't like game designers who think I should .
 I needed a walkthrough to get through a lot of it . I got stuck on a shoot-em-up game and I tried for 3 hours to kill off the `` gods . '' They need a `` skip '' button for these types of things . I play games to relax ; not to get stressed out and carpal tunnel syndrome playing the same stupid thing over and over and over until I could n't stand it anymore . I could not move forward because this particular part of the game was so annoying . It irritated me so much I said , forget it , and I uninstalled it . It was n't worth trying to move on after 50 tries .
 * Review based on Demo * Poor voice acting , bad script , falls short in so many ways.I wanted to like this game , but it was dull and uncreative . Just a bad production altogether . I would n't pay more than $ 5 for this game . At that price I might be able to stomach it 's inadequacies .
 I am a fan of adventure games that are truly adventures where you explore , make use of what you find , and engage in conversations with interesting characters to obtain clues . Many games fit this bill and I enjoyed all of them . Some of them even instill emotion and involvement with the story like a good novel . I 've never read a novel where I had to play an arcade game or solve a meaningless puzzle to get to the next chapter.For those developers and publishers -LRB- the same names keep appearing -RRB- who just do not have the creativity or expertise to create these good adventure games , `` puzzles '' , `` mazes '' , idiotic `` side games '' , etc. are believed to make their game `` good '' . I feel more a sense of accomplishment by studying clues and using tools -LRB- ` ya know ... duh sorta like in real life ?? -RRB- than shooting some programmer 's vision of a `` monster '' and jumping over mountains or trying to figure out how different colored shapes fit together to open a freaking door . How lame is that crap?I am sure there are a lot of gamers who like that sort of mindless , reactionary , tedium perhaps because that is all they know how to do .
 I can not get this game to load - I tried contacting The Adventure Company for tech support so I could find out if it was because I have Vista or if it was another issue , but got no response from them . These type of computer games are a dying breed and in my opinion the best to play so I 'm really bummed that you sent me a bad product . Tracy Klaus
 I bought this product because I needed a USB keyboard . I really like the blue lights since I like working in the dark but the other components are of poor quality . By that I mean the keys and rest pad , the stuff you ` touch ' . They do n't feel all that rigid nor do they feel a punch . The rest pad is all plastic no soft cushions or surface finishing.Great looking keyboard but the touching aspect is a bit lacking.Sorry , was expecting too much for $ 34 bucks .
 I have been using this keyboard for about 2.5 months , and a number of the most commonly used keys are starting to `` blur '' . It seems as though something is happening to the grey covering that 's allowing more of the blue light to shine through so that the letters appeared blurred.I ca n't think of anything that I could be doing to cause this
 Yep , keyboard is fine , works fine ... Backlighting , yeah ... good , looks good.But where it fails miserably is in gameplay durability . They start off with transparent keys and then paint over the keys with a cheap silver paint . They paint over the entire key except for the lettered part and this allows the blue backlighting to shine thru the key and illuminate the key characters.The Problem : The silver paint smudges -LRB- badly ! -RRB- and wears off after only a month or two . My kids have already completely obliterated the readability of the `` C '' and `` N '' keys.The next backlit keyboard I buy -LRB- which will have to be soon -RRB- will either have the letters more permanently etched into the plastic or the painting will have to be done on the inside of the key , so it does n't smudge off.I love Saitek 's X-52 FCS , but unfortunately , I can not recommend their Eclipse keyboards . I actually would 've preferred the entire key be illuminated rather than just the key character ; would make for a brighter display.I asked -LRB- on the Saitek forums -RRB- if Saitek had any plans for a fully transparent and illuminated keyboard and the response I got back from their forum admin was a definite `` NO '' and the comment that , `` a keyboard like that is already available from another company . `` I guess I 'll have to go find out who that competitor is so I can shift my business to them !
 After a few months the paint on the spacebar , c , v , n , m keys wore off leaving me with blue glowing splotches rather than letters on the keys . Also , the backlight really is n't as bright as the pictures make it seem . Some keys click louder than others when you type as well . If you can see past these issues it 's a fairly solidly built keyboard .
 After a few months the some of the keys stopped working . The Saitek Web Site is a joke . No one returned my email . A large waste of money .
 I have two firefly borealis lighted boards and thought that the saitek would take me to the next level . However , the keys are not uniformly lit and the keystroke is very annoying tactily . I disconnected the saitek after 5 minutes of use and reconnected the firefly which is 100 % better than this junk . A. Palmer
 Very excited when i first got this keyboard , and it worked good for 3 months . After the 3 months the -LRB- h -RRB- key started to repeat when i only pressed it once , then 2 keys , then a key or two would stop working and i would have to press them harder . I keep a clean work area , and do not keep food or drink near the computer . I went back to using my old keyboard that came with my original emachines pc , and this keyboard is now over 5 years old .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- When my keyboard started opening search windows all by itself ! with the letters asd in them - I found it was a defect with the light - which is WHY I bought this keyboard . Their site 's forum -LRB- see link above -RRB- had many instances of the same and other forms of freaking out . If you turn off the light - it stops this behavior - but when you reboot - it defaults back to the light on high -LRB- worst -RRB- . I left my pc to reboot before going to bed and forgot about my problem and in the morning I heard error sounds - the keyboard had so many search windows opened - it took several minutes to close them all -LRB- had no group option ? -RRB- . Because I need lighted keys - I am now in search of a new keyboard . PS - gamers say keys rub off QUICKLY and Saitek just sends them new ones . BOTTOM LINE - IF you buy this keyboard - SAVE YOUR RECEIPT = chances are you will need it - if it happens within 2 years . My research says Eclipse II fixed erratic behavior but not keys wearing out . Please post reviews on your purchases - people like me depend on other 's experiences ! Thanks
 Always desired this keyboard and finally purchased it . Everything worked great , loved the lighted keyboard and soft touch keys . Unfortunately after awhile my system started responding erratically , after troubleshooting , I found that when I used another keyboard all of the problems went away ! Requested a replacement and recieved it very fast , still not sure if all issues have been resolved , but will see . Extremely impressed with how fast I recieved the replacement and how simple returning the original was , most impressive !
 Pros
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000WKXP32 ECLIPSE KEYBOARD -RSB- I did n't have this keyboard for 2 weeks and the letters on the keyboard smeared that you could not tell what they were , the main reason that I had gotten this keyboard was for my husband to see the keys but he can not see them with the lights on in the room due to the keys being smeared.Was a waste of money and very dissapointed , will never buy another one , what a rip off .
 While I really like the key action on this keyboard , and the fact that it feels solidly built , the blue backlighting is not anywhere near the brightness it needs to be , even on the highest brightness setting ... there are 2 brightness levels . I see all these fantastic reviews ... hmmm ... maybe mine 's a dud .
 The keyboard is probably great if you can plug it directly into your PC , but I use a KVM switch to go back and forth between two PCs , and the keyboard does not work at all with the switch . After purchasing it , I found an article on the Internet saying that a person called the company to ask about swtich compatibility and they said it 's not compatible and they have no plans to make it work . They also could not say why it did n't work . I 'm sad that I had to return it . Here 's a link to the article ... http://www.virtual-hideout.net/reviews/saitek_eclipse/index3.shtml
 I have had it with this keyboard . It fails on a number of accounts as follows :1 -RRB- The keys have a very poor feel and tend to generate multiple strokes . So `` Please '' turns into `` PPPlease '' and it wreaks havoc with passwords . I have to type the passwords really slow and careful and even then it messes up about 2/3 of the time . Given many systems lock you out if failed attempts exceed some number this becomes more than an inconvenience .2 -RRB- Keyboard illumination is poor and characters are not well marked . In particular it is very hard to distinguish '' % '' from '' ^ '' when using the lighting . Other characters are not much better and the paint feels like is rubbing off .3 -RRB- The buyer information does not tell you what kind of hookup it is using . I was expecting ps2 and got a usb keyboard . While this is not a huge deal with newer computers it is still nice to know before getting the keyboard.The only plus for this is the price . At about 36 $ it is a lot cheaper than higher end ones which could go way over 100 $ . Therefore it appears to be a good deal , but it is not ! The above makes it totally useless at least for me . So now I have to pay `` The price of a high end one '' + 35 $ :--LRB- . I learned the hard way not to cut corners and buy the good one right at the start.UPDATE : After struggling with bad keyboards for years , I finally got an old style IBM Clicky Buckling Spring keyboard for ~ 60 $ . It does not have glowing keys but it works and I am very happy with it . I would be nice if we got back the 80s production quality again .
 I purchased this keyboard in January , and at first liked it quite a bit . The backlighting is accomplished by painting the keys silver , and leaving the letters bare so it shines through each letter . Unfortunately , within about a month one of the keys -LRB- A -RRB- had the paint so worn off as to be unreadable . This has since spread to 5 other keys , making it a mess to look at , and making the backlight worthless.Contacted the parent company -LRB- Saitek in the UK -RRB- , who referred me to their US counterpart , Madkatz . I 've contacted them three times for either replacement keys or a replacement keyboard , to no avail . They claim everything from `` we do n't have keys '' to `` we will send replacements right out '' , and they never do.Do not buy . You will regret the expenditure as soon as the keys begin to wear , and they will not back up their product . Very dissatisfied .
 After only one month , the lighting on the keyboard is failing . many keys do not light at all . Lighting is very uneven.One good feature is the sound control keys on the keyboard , but Iwould not buy this keyboard again as I wanted a keyboard to use in the dark . I leave the light on the keyboard turned on all the time . It might be better to turn the light on only whenneeded .
 I bought this keyboard to complement a custom-built gaming PC , and we 've used it almost daily for 2 + years . This includes typing a LOT as well as using it to play games on the PC.It has not held up well at all . After 2 years , the space bar does n't work properly anymore , and 8 of the keys have started to lose their gray coating -LRB- unlike most keyboards , they keys are actually clear plastic with a gray coating , so that light can shine through the letters -RRB- . I do n't have incredibly high standards for something as simple as a keyboard , so I 've been surprised at how disappointing this has been . Look elsewhere if you 're planning on investing in a long-term piece of equipment or you 're a heavy PC user -- this product is mostly flash with little substance to back it up .
 I like the feel of this keyboard even though the tilt needs to be higher . Trouble is , the backlighting shines up through the keys in such a way that it 's very hard to see , especially at the lower angle . I 'm sure this would be fine if you were a touch typist but since I 'm not it 's a waste of money for me . If you just want it to look cool , this might be for you . If you really need to see the keys in low light , look elsewhere .
 If you type really quickly -LRB- over 110 wpm -RRB- you will find that this keyboard sometimes switches the characters you type around so that the leftmost character is registered first . Example
 No matter how this keyboard looks or feels there is just no excuse for the paint coming off the keys . I have it for about eight months now and about five keys are starting to go . I only use the keyboard moderately so I ca n't even imagine what it would be like for someone who would use it heavily . If I could give it no stars I would !
 LOVED this keyboard for the first few months - great touch - love the backlighting - very cool plus I work in low light often . But then it stopped working - keys do n't respond - rebooting helps for a while . I let it sit for a couple menths then plugged it back in and it worked fine for about a month then went bad again . Based on what I have read this is not a fluke but how these keyboards `` work '' or do n't work - all glowing reviews are from people in their first few months of use . Great keyboard if you want to spend $ 35 for 6 months ... still looking for a dependable illuminated keyboard ...
 i have had this keyboard for over a year i noticed my wasde buttons are all worned out both the paint and the rubber underneath the key . when i hold 2 or more buttons the keyboard starts to have trouble maintaining its function and it gives the gamer a hard time whilst he is gaming i would not recommend it
 I 've owned this for almost a year and now the keys are cracking . I lost two in the last week , the control and shift key.I expected more with the lighting but it too is poor , not bright enough to be of use.I 've searched and searched for a good keyboard and come up empty , almost every one has its problems.I recently bought the Logitech G15 and it arrived with Italian keys . Apparently there are three different G15 's available.I 'll keep searching but I think it 's hopeless.Beware of which G15 you buy if you are considering one .
 This keyboard was a dissapointment . I am somewhat viaually challanged . The backlighting is done in such a way that it make the keys more difficult to see . A plain white keyboard with black lettering would be much better . The blue light would possibly appeal for some one wanting a fancy board .
 This keyboard worked fine at first but after about six months the keys malfuntioned . I have to hit certain keys a few times before they do anything . I 've had problems with keys sticking too , my shift key sticks a lot . It was a waste of money , I will have to throw mine out .
 This keyboard worked fine for the first two months or so . But then keys began sticking to the point the keyboard became unusable . Tried to contact Saitek to exercise warranty - but their website is a complete joke and no one would return my emails . A complete rip-off and horrid customer support . Do Not Buy !
 I have had two of these keyboards . Why two ? Because on the first keyboard , the spacebar broke off and the software became corrupted causing it to randomly type gibberish making it impossible to type anything coherently.Not only the above , but the cheap silver film they have on the keys themselves rubs off and makes the keys impossible to read owing to the fact that they are transparent for the illumination feature and thus have no markings after this film eventually completely disappears.And the second one , which was replaced by Saitek under warranty , had the same exact problems
 I 'm very sad to report that I had to return this otherwise excellent keyboard , because on certain combination of key strokes it stops detecting subsequent keys strokes.For example if I press up arrow , left arrow and Ins key . They keyboard will ignore Ins key.I had to go back to my old crappy , bulky , $ 19 dollar , and uncool Microsoft keyboard.The people at Saitek told me they know of this problem and they ca n't do nothing about it . I just wished I had looked in the Saitek forums before purchasing this item , because a lot of people have posted the same problem.To bad because everything form this keyboard is excellent , aside from the most basic thing , well for a gamer anyways .
 When the keys started to blur on my Saitek 2 and I had replaced them twice , I thought that I 'd go down a notch and get this keyboard . I DO like the idea of a backlit keyboard . However , I 've had the same problem with this Saitek
 I previously purchased the PC Gamers Keyboard and thought this would be a nice upgrade . WRONG ! Sent this back immediately after opening ... Backlighting was very dim and silver keys were hard on the eyes ... was a nice try , but not good enough .
 While this keyboard looks good and is nicely weighted to keep it in place , it 's performance is so-so . The key action is soft , resulting in the keys responding slowly when tapping one key rapidly . I sometimes play old games online using the arrow keys to move and the spacebar to shoot . The keys would not respond quickly enough . Eventually the right arrow key started sticking in the on position , resulting in my frequent death . I returned the keyboard .
 Illumination so dim as to be entirely useless , which was the reason I got the keyboard . Otherwise , the keyboard functions fine , but is no better than my stock Dell keyboard , and therefore not worth the price . I took it apart to replace the LEDs with brighter ones , and discovered that there are only FIVE tiny surface-mount LEDS on a strand lighting the entire keyboard . There should be at least twice that number . Decided not to bother and ordered a Firefly Borealis instead .
 My keys are pretty smudged , at the moment , the A , S , D , E , C , V , B , N , L , LEFT SHIFT , and space bar are barely readable . Also unless you are in a very dark room , the keys are easier to read with the LED turned off . As for operations , it works fine , no bad keys , no erratic behavior . This is why it pains me to get a new keyboard , but I ca n't take it anymore . I will probably keep it as a backup keyboard .
 As others have said , the keys wear down on this way too fast . I 've only had mine a few weeks , and the E is already one big blob of blue ... and the T is n't far behind . I 'm terribly disappointed because other than that I absolutely LOVE this keyboard . The touch is super smooth - and the blue lights make working in the dark downright fun.Thankfully I do n't have to look at the keyboard much ; -RRB-
 I purchased this keyboard for a friend . It stopped working 6 months after he started using it . Completely unresponsive , or spamming a random key -LRB- or keys -RRB- for no reason . A red one I purchased for myself did the same thing after a year of owning it.This was not a sudden break in either case , the keyboard would occasionally have a fit a few months before it broke where it would exhibit the behaviors listed above . Eventually the behavior becomes permanent . I tried opening up my keyboard to fix it by cleaning the inside , checking for debris or loose parts , etc. . Nope , no luck.I love having a backlit keyboard , but I love having a keyboard that does n't break in less than a year .
 The coating on the keys is poor and has begun wearing off after only 6 months . Its the `` gap '' in the coating that creates the letter shapes . Therefore , some letters will soon be hard to read . N and M already look like blobsAlso
 Firstly , it does n't have long enough rear pegs to make it stand up properly.Secondly , it has this blue glow that actually makes it much more difficult to read the keyboard in the dark -LRB- ness -RRB- . It should have been white light , but that would n't have been cool , yes?Thirdly , this `` cool '' blue light comes on with every boot . It must be turned off every time . Charge me another buck and give me a switch.The pros that I am able to offer for this product is the fact that the keyboard has soft-touch keys that feel pretty good.I have gome back to my US$ 9 OEM keyboard and am much happier .
 I had this keyboard for about a year and I loved it . It is as cool looking as they say.Then about a month ago I had to throw it away . I am a college student and I was working on a research paper when it started typing keys I was n't touching and then certain keys quit working at all . I had to use an old keyboard that the keys stick until I could get a new one.If you do n't have $ 50 to throw away then I would n't recomend this keyboard . I am now using at $ 15 dell keyboard that is a little less cool looking , but does all the same things this one does at 1/3 the price .
 Very disappointed , while it is lit the bluelight of the keys is darker than the background which is also lighted blue blue . This is used on a pull out desk tray -- I can actually see the keys better with the backlight off .
 That is an old item for the saitek brand and I hope that they can correct some weakness of the product . I purchased this version because was a bargain price . The build quality is ok and the Backlight is amazingly well done , but the Keyboard lack some proper driver to work with my windows Xp . It kept finding New hardware over and over until I downloaded a driver for another Saitek keyboard . Then I had to workaround with the registry to make all the 4 added buttons work properly . Not really a plug and play device . And for a keyboard that 's not acceptable
 I paid 40.83 for a new one . It arrived 6/18/2007 On 7/31/2007 it stopped working for no apparent reason .
 I 've used this keyboard for over a year and a half . I bought it for the backlighting and have been disappointed . They 're just not bright enough in the dark . I find my self really having to squint when looking down from my bright monitor to find the keys I need .
 This keyboard is so poorly designed it 's not even funny and it is way too expensive for what it is . It is only a USB and does not have an adaptor for PS hookup . The keys are silver instead of white hence making the reading of letters very difficult in any light condition with or without the backlighting of the unit itself . The lighting is not uniform throughout the keyboard . The wrist rest comes off all the time . I got so frustrated that after a while I just threw it away and went back to my old keyboard . It is not as quiet as some claim and if there was a zero star rating this thing would have certainly gotten it . I bet anything that nobody who produces this keyboard even uses it ! so do NOT waste your money on this junk .
 After only a few weeks the letters wear off the keys . There is no litature included with the keyboard . Customer service is practically non existant . Stay away .
 I was not happy with this keyboard for one reason ... reflective paint on the keys . If the keyboard was used in a completely dark room , it would work great , but the light from my monitor reflects off of the keys , resulting in a very low contrast between the keys and the illuminated letters on the keys . The tops of the keys should have been painted with a matte , non-reflective black , so that the blue light shining through the letters would be more in contrast . In real life use , the visual ergonomics are very poor.I think this keyboard is a great concept , but it was poorly realized . The light from a monitor reflects off of the keys , creating almost a silver look which is very low contrast to the illumination color.I also purchased a small Zippy Illuminated keyboard which is much easier to read . However , the Zippy is only slightly larger than a laptop keyboard and I wanted a full size , so I ordered the Eclipse .
 Well I bought this based on
 I wanted a keyboard that I could use in low light with both my PC and Mac , and this one is reasonably o.k. Those users who enjoy the backlight of a Mac PowerBook or MacBook Pro will be disappointed by the cheap approach Saitek used to illuminate the keys , though . On the Mac , each key has its own embedded light under the key . On the Saitek light is splashed under the entire keyboard , reducing the contrast and making it much harder to see the keys . But it 's better than nothing , and is helpful in low light . It would have also been nice if they had an Fn key , but such is life .
 Bought the cable thinking it was a good , inexpensive product . The colors are completely distorted , it looks worse than the component cables that came with the system , it is constantly flickering . I recommend going with the official nintendo cables . You pay more but you wo n't get ripped off .
 The cables produced static and hissing in the audio and actually made the picture worse then the cables that came with the Wii -LRB- everything has a green hue -RRB- . Buy at your own risk .
 First of all there 's 5 leads , not just 3 -LRB- green , blue and a red -RRB- That could be yellow , white , red . Does n't tell you that anywhere , even online . So take your best shot . Oh yea there 's two more wires one red and one unmarked/white ? I paid money for wires that try to confuse you and once you get any output it looks terrible.As to any performance , they do n't , eventually I got a scratchy , black and white , like I had it hooked up wrong version . I tried many combination 's working both red 's into the scheme.HELP
 It worked the 1st time I used the cable . I set my Wii to 480p -LRB- because that is why I bought this -RRB- and it took about a minute to register that . I tried using my Wii a second time with this cable and could only get audio , TV could not find a signal - now I am back on the original cable . This HD Link was a piece of junk !!!
 Connected Wii HD Link Component cable to a 40 '' Sony 1080P TV . I do not notice any difference in game picture quality versus the standard composite cable that came with the Wii . Internet browsing is where minor improvement in picture quality is most noticeable but not enough to warrant buying this special cable .
 I am using these cables on a 46 '' samsung lcd 1080p and really cant see the improvments from just standard cables . I think the only improvment i can see is the controller response may be just a little quicker . But i guess all in all a wii just is n't capable of hd graphics , but really 480p isnt really hd . Main reason for purchase was to free up my standard cable input on tv .
 This Cable Worked Fine For a Few Days , And Then red green and blue dots started flashing constantly all over the screen during games . Nyko will not respond to my emails . Seriously , how do you screw up a Piece of metal wrapped in rubber ?
 I have an LCD TV and hooked this cable up . However , I get tons of stray pixels on games . I do n't know if it 's just a cheap cable or what , but I 'm returning mine and going with the official nintendo brand cable.Also , the sound cables ca n't be split from the video cables .
 I bought this product and immediately had to return it . The right channel audio did not function and buzzed . The video colors were also screwed up as well . I used the input same inputs on my TV that I use for my DVR and had no problems so it was definitely the cable . I was kind of annoyed since I had just taken apart my entertainment center setup to run the cables and it was so messed up . I did not even want to take the time to exchange them for another set of cables so I just returned them and stayed with my existing cable .
 I wanted a cable to connect my Wii to my system and be able to get component video as I watch Netflix via the Wii . I bought this cable and got a bad hum on one audio channel.I ended up replacing it with a much more expensive but lower quality cable that is a Nintendo brand product . Now there is no hum . I suggest avoiding this cable .
 These were fine for about 3 weeks . Snowy picture began thereafter , and I 've verified it 's a faulty cable . Hoping Amazon will accept them back/exchange the cable without the packaging .
 Even though the Wii only outputs in 480p , there is a noticeable improvement in the clarity and image brightness to justify the component video connection over the composite video . However , do n't be tempted by the Nyko cable 's cheaper price tag . You get what you pay for in this case.Within 4 hours of hooking this up to our Wii , it started flickering and eventually burned out the video controller in the console . I had to return the Wii console to Nintendo for a replacement . I did n't mention to them that I was using this particular cable but I suspected that it might be the cause . Sure enough , the new console started doing the same thing when connected to this cable . I used a very small piece of sandpaper folded in half to clean the contacts of the Wii-side of this cable and that helped for a while . Eventually , oxidation on the contacts started generating the same problem again . I ended up getting the Nintendo-branded cable for about $ 12 more and have since had no problems with it.Not worth the hassle to save a few bucks .
 The cable does what it should ... connect video and audio . My only question to myself is if I really needed it.If you have a home theatre reciever that upconverts video you will , more than likely , see no difference in quality with these cables . The audio hookups are no different than the ones suplied wit the Wii so the value is where?If you do n't have an upconvert option , I guess you 'll see a little improvement but not much since the Wii does n't go full high def.In short , you 'll be paying an above average premium for very average to below average improvement of video quality .
 I purchased this from Amazon to try and upgrade my picture quality on a new hi-def 60 '' tv . The Wii does NOT output in hi-definition , it is just standard , so on a huge tv like our new one , the picture did n't look as sharp as it did on our old 25 '' crt.Theres no hdmi support or upconverting the picture to nearly hi-def , so the best I could find , it seemed , were these cables , supposedly one-up over the standard AV cables we got with our Wii.We received them quickly with Amazon Prime , however there was no noticable improvement over picture quality . I do n't like returning goods so I thought maybe they are better , but not so ... I noticed the Wii controllers were not performing properly -LRB- we have 4 -RRB- , especially on the shooting games -LRB- House of the Dead 2 & 3 & Overkill -RRB- . At first I did not suspect the cable , I thought the disc had gone faulty or the controllers . I calibrated the controllers , rebooted the game and the console ... but still they were not working . Sometimes a message appeared on the Wii that something was interfering with the controllers and their connection.The only other significant thing I could think of that had recently changed was this new cable set up . I unplugged these cables and put the original Nintendo ones back in ... hey presto ... all working again . Whether these particular cables were faulty or its a more widespread design/manufacturing problem in more of them I do n't know , but these definalty needed to be returned.Amazon were great , even though I 'd tried them they refunded in full.I would not recommend these cables , they do not give improvement in picture quality , and the ones I received actually caused the controllers not to work properly . The product is also misleading , ` hd-link ' , as the Wii does not output or support hi-definition -LRB- hd -RRB- at all , at this time.In defense of Nyko , the manufacturer , we do have two of their gun and guitar controllers which are great.In short these are a waste of money if your wanting to improve picture quality , and possibly like the ones I got , may mess with the function of the controllers .
 First off , Amazon , this is n't a game . You asked me how fun it was ? It 's a cord to plug the Wii into the TV . Stupid.Beside that , this cord was pretty mediocre actually . It performs the function it was designed to do , but at the same time it damaged my TV . The red plug for HD video was not made at the right diameter for the input on the TV , and when I eventually got it in , it damaged the vsync function on my television.But , it does work great for `` HD '' on the Wii . I can actually read text now !
 Purchased this item for my wii hoping that it would strengthen the graphics on my 50 inch tv and minimize any system lag . The link did its job in taking away the blurry lines at the end of images . However , in its place it left very boxy pixelations . I feel like I am playing super nintendo again . I think I would prefer the blurriness because at least I could n't notice how poor the game resolution was . I 'm going to keep using this product , however it did n't quite meet my expectations .
 The product worked great out of the box , but a few weeks later the product failed . The sound had a loud hum and the video feed had a blueish hue to it . I checked the cables on seperate TV 's and Wii systems , but the same issues occurred .
 Bought this product for my families ' Wii to make the picture quality better . I installed the product and it only played the sound not the video . I thought it was operator error and switched cable to the other componet hook up same thing occurred . I went back to Amazon.com and looked at the bad reviews -LRB- 1 star rating -RRB- and saw that this could happen with this product . I purchased this product because it 's overall reviews were real good but I am sadly dissappointed that ours did not work . I have already boxed and labeled it for return . Amazon has great customer service and makes it easy to return items . I do not blame Amazon for this faulty product because they did not make it . We will order more items from Amazon because of there great prices and support !
 Low quality cable . Many artifacts on the screen . I would recommend getting a higher quality cable .
 The Wii is incredibly simplistic graphics-wise and I found no practical , perceivable improvement by using this cable . I mean , the Mii 's are round stylized bodies without legs . I think my Super Nintendo had higher graphics than this . This cable is like having HD water - it just does n't make any sense .
 This cable did n't really add that much to the picture quality or resolution on a 56 '' HD Television . Do n't waste your money . The game system can only display in 480P with this cable .
 I bought this cable without doing much research so please make sure you know this before purchasing
 I have a Pioneer Elite 53 '' 1080i TV that is connected to my Wii . I tried the cable that came with the system which is only composite . This cable is towards the bottom of the food chain in terms of audio/video quality . The video quality was fair , but not really that good with lots of jagged lines . I have 3 other high quality component video cables -LRB- Tivo , PS3 , Netgear EVA8000 -RRB- and the picture is great . Of course , these devices support 1080i/p . The Wii only can support 480p so you are not really getting what I would classify as HD such as 720p , 1080i or 1080p . The bottom line is I do not see any difference between the free cable that comes with the Wii and this NYKO HD Link Component Cable . I do n't know if a better quality Component Cable would display a better picture -LRB- possibly -RRB- , but this is not worth the money .
 I bought this thinking I could play wii in hi def . not the case . this does n't improve picture quality at all . Only buy this if your tv doesnt have , or have any available , yellow , white , red jacks .
 I can not tell the difference even on my super duper Samsung HDTV with the proper settings . Must be a reason the price has come down on these cables . Save your money and buy a good game .
 Wii HD Link Component CableThe cable was bad directly out of the box . The blue channel does not work at all so there is no blue on the screen . Funny color to be absent since it is a primary color on the wii dashboard . Also the picture is very bad . A little static in the background . My Standard cables are way better .
 The cables worked well on my Samsung 40 '' LCD , then I bought a new Samsung 55 '' LED and the plugs are too big ! I had to go back to using the RCA cables that came with my Wii . It 's really Nintendo 's fault for not having an HDMI port -LRB- regardless of the Wii 's max resolution being 480p -RRB- .
 I have a 40 '' 720p Sony . The picture seemed a little sharper with these new cables , but lots of stray pixels .
 i 've had this for about a 2 months and all of a sudden the video went out . only sound . my husband freaked out , thinking we were going to have to buiy a new Wii , but once he put in the original cable , everythign worked .
 I have a high-quality projection TV system and I see a pretty significant difference between theOfficial Wii Component Video Cableand this Nyko version -LRB- I have both -RRB- . The colors with the Nintendo cable are brighter and more vivid . This cable works , but I would recommend the official cable for best results .
 Plugged it in , did n't work ... `` no signal found '' . So I ended up using the AV cord that came included with my Wii . I did n't return the HD Link because the packaging was so impossible to get into that you practically have to shred the thing with a boxcutter to get into it . A complete waste of $ 13 .
 I know that the Wii does not give you a true HD signal , so this is not about that . The cable worked fine for about one year , but then one day it started creating lines , artifacts , and had audio problems . Connected the original low-res cable and everything works fine . We rarely ever move our Wii . Now I 'm looking for a different brand especially since we had a similar cable failure with a Nyko charger .
 I purchased this in January 2009 for my new Wii console . Since I do not use my Wii very frequently , these cables probably were used about four times . I turned on my Wii today to play , and the cables had stopped working . When I hooked up the OEM cables , the system worked . So I had to go out and buy Nintendo-branded component cables . I am pretty disappointed -- while they worked , they worked wonderfully , but it would not be very fortunate for this company if their cables stopped working after six months .
 This is a good deal for the cable , if you need an A/V cable . For a big LCD TV , I do n't think it 's worth the money if the cable that came with the Wii works with your TV . It does n't seem to make much of a difference to me . If you need another cable anyway , go for it , but the `` HD '' part of the name is obviously a sham , since the Wii does not have HD output .
 Just get 512 MB or 1 GB or do n't get one at all 256 MB just is n't enough . -LRB- Assuming you 're buying it for the PSP . -RRB-
 First off to start I am not a kid , I did this because I didnt want to go through the crap of writing a normal review . I bought this stick for my PSP and bought a memory stick reader with it . When I put the stick in my PSP it acknowledged it , yet when I put it in the reader and tried to put music on it , Sonicstage said that it wasnt compatible . I tried changing my music system from Sonicstage 2.0 back down to Sonicstage 1.5 but to no effect . To have something to compare it to I tried putting music on the 32 mb card provided by the PSP and it worked fine . My computer acknowledges the memory stick , but says it doesnt have any memory on it . For those of you looking for a better deal than the more expensive sony cards , if you have a PSP just go with the sony cards
 35 Bucks for this ? Do n't bother ; immediately upgrade to 512 MB or 1 GB , which are ideal for video , image , and music storage on the PSP .
 $ 39.99 new , but why , amazon has sony or sandisk 2GB for around $ 33.00 and has 16 times the storage . wich one do you want . if you can get this used for $ 5 and you ONLY use it for pictures or mabey 2 hours of MP3 music then I guess its not so bad .
 -LRB- this is not a toy review -RRB- I bought this Xbox s-video monster cable because I thought that it would increase the clarity and detail of my games . I have n't noticed an increase in clarity , at all . Well , maybe slightly , but the increase is negligle . If you have Component inputs for your television , I would get the component Monster Xbox cables instead . Also the other cables Monster offers -LRB- the component ones -RRB- have digital outputs for an optical cable they sell ; why this xbox s-video cable does n't include the same functionality is beyond me . I feel somewhat gypted by these cables . Do n't get them . Waste of money and time . If you do n't have component input on your tv , then make sure the next tv you get has component video .1 / 27/04Update
 This game looks like a lot of fun , but when it arrived there were floppy disks instead of CD 's . I do n't think anyone can even use floppy disks anymore because computers nowadays do n't have floppy disk drives . I wish I had known before but at least now you know .
 This `` game '' sucks . The castle and grounds are really well-done and it was fun to explore ... . for about 30 minutes ; after that , there really was nothing going on but a weak story and a lot of mundane chores . Also , not being to control the camera angle was aggravating on many levels . I often found myself wanting to blast Ron and Hermione for being constantly in the way and contributing nothing . Chamber of Secrets , with the poor graphics and all the cartoonishness was 10 times more fun because it , at least , had some challenge to it . Save your money .
 I am by no means an avid gamer -- I 've probably only completed 10 or so video games in my life so I 'm no expert . In any case , I had tons of fun with games 1 , 2 , and 3 . The combination of exploration with mini-challenges/quests was engaging and fun . I loved exploring and hunting for the bonuses and messing around with the prefects during night missions , but this game disappointed me . I was happy to have the exploration back after game 4 , but there was no challenge whatsoever . The whole thing was insultingly easy and required no strategy . Everything could be beaten/completed on essentially the first try , which was a bit of a let down , honestly . Maybe it 's because I was younger when I played the earlier games , but I like them much better because they actually had parts that required some thought/planning/stealth and retries . There 's no triumph when you get past any given part of this game because a two year old could do it.Alas .
 I got this game because other HP games were somewhat fun and with the new HD visuals it should be awesome , right ? Well , while the game looks good on a nice HDTV , the gameplay falls flat on its face . The design of the objectives and extras are ho-hum and there is nothing that makes you want to play it again so its replay value is very low . Harry sometimes ca n't open doors because of a programming bug and there are occasional graphical glitches . The tasks in the game make it feel like you are doing your chores at home with your mother nagging you the whole time . It was a very disappointing entertainment experience . However , the game does one thing very well-it will cure any insomnia ! Just do n't tell the FDA or they may try to regulate it as a drug.Even my brother , who has read all the books , owns a replica wand and calls himself `` Headmaster '' -LRB- At least until he found out that Dumbledore is supposedly gay -RRB- , thought this game was super boring.If you are a big Harry Potter fan , then go ahead and rent it first .
 This game is no fun at all . . it is boring and a waste of time . We have had this game for a couple of weeks and played it maybe twice . The quests are a joke . . the special items you can win are movie clips and interviews with the cast.They only good thing I can say about this game is that the creators really did a great job with the graphics . . Hogwarts was huge . . but it reminds me of a virtual book or virtual movie . . there 's really nothing to ` do ' . The controls are akward , changing the view just ca n't be done unless you completely reposition the character . . and when you do . . 9 times out of 10 , you 're bumping into someone behind you.We have really enjoyed a lot of HP games . . Prizoner of Azkaban was great . . but it seems that the creators are really overdoing it with the graphics . . but losing the point of ` why ' games are played . . they 're supposed to be fun ! Personally . . I 'd rather have cartoon graphics if it means that the game will hold our interest ... The only reason this game got 2 stars overall from us is that the graphics were good .
 I bought this game hoping that I would get the best out of my money , only to get the worse . Yes , I said it , `` THE WORST HARRY POTTER GAME EVER ! Do your wallet a favor , DO NOT BUY THIS GAME . Why ? Let me explain : True the graphics are spectacular , but why make a game with great graphics , and horrible game play . The controls are weird , and the characters are n't original . It takes a lot of time to get used to the spell casting , and You ca n't really upgrade to new spells , just the ones that the have meant for you to have in the game . There are know expansion packs , and what 's even more annoying , is that whenever you find a `` discovery '' -LRB- Harry had been at Hogwarts for , like what , 5 years now . -RRB- Moaning Myrtle appears and chews you out with this long speech . It is annoying.Another thing is that the game is a little bit too difficult . Believe me , it took me two YEARS , to complete this game , only to beat up Voldemort with Dumbledoor . When you are at the chool there are really no enemies to fight . All you day is run around Hogwarts completing stupid tasks for people so they will join you as the so called `` Dumbledor 's Army '' . Ha!All you really do at the end is take control of Dumbledoor and fight Voldemort . This ... is where I really got upset . Voldemort starts throwing lawn chairs at you , glass shards , everything he can find around the surrounding area , while you 're sweating , heart beating fast , trying to keep Dumbledoor alive , while Voldemort takes pleasure in calling you the same old daunting taunts `` You feeble old Man ! '' Then hurls another chair at you . Come on . Dumbledoor moves like a snail , and before you know it , It 'll hit 1:00 in the morning and you 'll still be trying to beat Voldemort up ! But then things get better and you notice he repeats a pattern , then you beat him , and ta-da GAME OVER!Horrible Boss Level , it 's hard and then when you notice his pattern it GETS SUPER EASY ! Well , I think I 've said enough for you not to by this so called `` GAME '' . BEWARE
 Truth be told , Caesar III is really the only good game in this collection . The other ones were not created by the same people who made Caesar III -LRB- David Lester already sold the company -RRB- ; as such , they are painfully of less quality . Pharaoh has a certain level -LRB- non-warfare -RRB- that does n't let you pass when you fulfill all mandatory requirements . So it 's a dud ... impossible to finish.Caesar III is really a masterpiece , however , there is a certain `` building limit '' which unables you to build really big cities.Did I forget Caesar IV ? It 's not even worth mentioning .
 These games expect too much from you . What I mean by that is that everything has to be perfect in the city that you are building in order for the people who live there to be happy.You have to build their houses in a desirable location , otherwise the houses will be of poor quality and the people will move out . You have to make sure that the people have food , water , jobs , are healthy , have a source of entertainment , and have access to religious services . Providing these things for the people will cost money . If you run out of money , you have to find a way to make more money . One way to make more money is to establish a trade route to another area to trade your goods . This can be hard to do because you will have to find an area that will accept your goods and will trade them for other goods that are useful to you but that you ca n't produce yourself . You have to make sure that your city has a strong army of soldiers in case of an invasion . Even if you are confident that the people are happy , it seems like they will always have something to complain about . It seems like businesses always complain that they have too few employees . It seems like no matter how many firehouses and architects ' posts you build , buildings will constantly be bursting into flame or falling to pieces . Your entire city that you have worked so hard on will be in ruins in just a matter of seconds even if you have the best fire and damage protection . And , you have to make sure that the gods are happy . You need to be constantly throwing festivals in their honor , otherwise they 'll do things like send down plagues of locusts or what have you to wreck havoc in your city . What I 'm trying to say is that these games are a little too hard . Also , the games have lots of typos , which can be annoying.These games belong in a 6th grade history classroom to teach kids how hard it was to rule one of these empires . I would not recommend these games to anyone , especially people who are easily frustrated . If you like city-building games , I would recommend Majesty , the Fantasy Kingdom Sim . Now that 's a fun game .
 Sure it looks real . Everybody has beat that topic to death . The problem is this toy just is n't an adequate race simulator . The computer cars do n't act like real drivers would . They seem to be programmed to give you a hard time rather than to be realistic . The physics are n't quite right either - get down underneath a car in a turn and he may send you into the inside wall ! Wait a for more months and you 'll probably see some more realistic , time-tested reviews .
 This is the third product I have bought from Papyrus and it is once again unfinished . The AI is -LRB- bad -RRB- , at bristol you lose around 5 cars before the game even begins and other tracks are much similar . I have never finished a full race on any papyrus sim unless I am in front for the whole race since a single wreck will always wipe you out since the cars stop faster than you and stop sideways blocking the track . I can see that the AI has been practically unchanged for 5 years , thought maybe they might decide to do something , but I figure they believe that they still control the monopoly on nascar games therefore who cares.As well , you had better have a fast computer -LRB- 800mhz or faster -RRB- plus a 64meg 3d card or your going to have to turn some options down . I have a P3 500 with a 32meg TNT2 ultra and I have to turn almost every option off for decent frame rates whereas compaired to the godlike racing sim Nascar Heat , which is more advanced in every area -LRB- graphics , AI , physics , except multiplayer -RRB- , I have no problems playing that with every option on and I find it to be simply amazing.If your going to buy a Nascar Sim , buy Nascar Heat . Download the single patch then away you go . With over 400 titles in my collection and over 30 different racing sims , Nascar Heat is the greatest racing game I have ever played hands down .
 This title is compete waste of your money , this is an arcade style racer , do your self a favour , save your money !
 The Xavix port was released in 2004 along with 3 games . Unfortunately , those are even today the only games available for this system.It is said that this system will also have future applications . WRONG!The system alone is $ $ and the games are $ $ ! There is absolutely no point why you should buy this system . Sure it 's innovative , but the price and the slim selection of games are both aweful . I recommend getting a Playstation 2 , Xbox , or Gamecube . 1 out of 5 stars .
 I am a 40 year old female . I have the Xavix Game Console and the Jackie Chan Boxing and the Jmat -LRB- aerobic workout -RRB- . I purchased them after reading an article about them and thought it would be great for an indoor workout . I have been interested in boxing for awhile and was excited to receive it . The system is easy to set up , I 'll give it that . Here 's the problem . Because of the sensors , the placement of the console is CRUCIAL . If you do not have it aligned PERFECTLY the sensor will not accurately pick up your moves with the boxing gloves and you will get very frustrated , very quickly . We have a 65 inch TV and the TV is really too tall to put the console on top and the boxing game does n't work with the console on the floor either -LRB- because of the sensor on the console as well as the sensor on the boxing game cartridge itself -RRB- . So , I am still figuring out where to put it to use the boxing game correctly . The Jmat is kind of fun . It seems to rely more on the touch sensors in the pad than in the visual sensors . I certainly would n't make this my only workout source , however.If you have a chance to try this out before buying it , please do . You probably wo n't buy it after that . I recommend you save your money and apply it to the new Nintendo Wii system that is coming out if you want to play interactive games . I 'll probably sell my Xavix stuff on Ebay .
 this console stopped working after only about 10 times being used for short periods of time . i bought it and several games for grand kids when they visit but they never got to play it even once . now im stuck with a bunch of games and no way to play them unless i buy another console . i will say it seemed like it could be fun when it worked .
 I used this program several years ago when I ran the computer lab in an elementary school . The kids loved it . Recently , I bought it for my granddaughter . I was SO disappointed when it came . It will only run on Windows 95 or lower . Sim City tends to be too hard for younger children to use independently and enjoy . Sim Town was great . I 'd love to see it updated for the newer systems . Do n't waste your money if you have a system newer than Windows 95 .
 If you buy this then you obviously have n't done much research . All this is is an Ethernet crossover cable . That 's it . I get these for about $ 2 online . Why on earth anyone would pay over $ 50 for one is beyond me . You will NOT get any better performance then a standard , certified Ethernet cable . In fact , most new cables are even CAT 5e or CAT 6 ... a higher rated cable.Please do some research and do n't drink the Monster marketing kool aid .
 I agree completely with the previous reviewer , while all Monster cables are overpriced this one takes it to a whole new level . The going price for a cable like this is about $ 2 online or $ 6 at your local computer store . There is absolutely nothing about the Monster cable that makes it worth paying $ 50 . This is about a $ 49 markup for Monster .
 This bowling game does not work at all . We have tried it on three different TV 's -LRB- one of the TV 's is brand new which we bought just for this game usage -RRB- . We do n't know if the port is defective or if the cartridge that we recently purchased is defective , and we have gotten tired of trying to have the problem corrected . It 's a big disappointment to us .
 I am somewhat disappointed with this game . Granted , it 's fun to smash things as the Hulk , and that alone might be worth getting the game on sale -LRB- as I thought I had , until I saw Amazon 's price ... -RRB- . That part is fun . Overall , thought , I do n't think the game was well thought out and designed for sustained fun at all . To elaborate :1 -RRB- Sequences as Banner . Sure , Banner is the source of drama in the Hulk concept . The problem is , in the game context , he really ca n't DO anything . He has no special skills . In these parts of the game you 're supposed to depend on `` steath '' , but Banner is n't a particularly stealthy guy . He 's not a Navy Seal or a Bond spy . You do n't need a Hulk game for this - you could just call the game `` Dude '' . Okay , so you hide behind things , move a few crates around to climb on , and if anyone sees you they pop you a couple of times and it 's over.Another big problem with the Banner sequences is that they frame the story so the objective is to NOT turn into the Hulk . Let 's face it - the one special thing about Banner here is that he turns into the Hulk , and the objective is to NOT let this happen . C'mon - who does n't still get a little thrill when they see footage of Bill Bixby with those bright blue contacts and that `` Hulk-trance '' expression & sound -LRB- still more compelling in my opinion than the `` I 've got really bad gas '' movie-style transformation -RRB- . So , anyway , you 're stuck with Banner in these really tedious sequences , trying to avoid doing what you actually bought the game for - turning into the Hulk .2 -RRB- Storyline / sequences / environment not well thought out . All right , so you 're chasing a Hulk-type opponent through buildings , underground , etc. . The military is after both of you . Reinforced barriers keep slamming down in front of you . I noticed that the `` maze '' kept presenting me with exactly the same sequence of rooms , over and over again . Seriously , I started to think `` Oh , I know what 's after this , I 've seen it before . '' In most rooms , you get wave after wave of soldiers coming after you , so there 's no real opportunity or point to clear the room . You smash the door down and move on - so this really becomes a game of `` smash and run away '' . Finally , the plot makes little sense . So , the miltary is after both of you , plus there are other creatures that have little explaintion for their presense or connection to the plot -LRB- gamma dogs , a vampire creature -RRB- . Not much complaint here , though , because they 're more fun to fight than the ubiquitous soldiers . Okay , then you 're off to Alcatraz , after the other Hulk guy . He 's got a hostage . Sounds like fun , right ? Except now the militry is there , apparantly TEAMED UP with your enemy . WTF ? Seems like the designers just want to keep throwing the same guys at you regardless of the conetxt or plot consistancy .3 -RRB- Smashing is fun , sure , but when it comes down to it the Hulk as a character is a bit of a one-trick pony . There are smashy , punchy , grabby moves , sure , but after 15 minutes I was ready for another key combination to do something new . And they do n't really enable you to do much with jumping , except when you 're moving from scene to scene . This is a big frustration . In one scene , there are a bunch of soliders lined up on the other side of a chasm with rocket launchers . You try to jump across , but no , the game just lets you hop around on the side you 're on . Okay , so you throw things or deflect the rockets back at them , take them out , and a bunch of `` healing '' or `` rage '' orbs show up . You ca n't get to them . The game is n't flexable enough.This is mild and short-lived fun . The Spider-man movie game was much , much better - I 'd recommend that one over the Hulk , or my current favorite , Jedi Academy . Plotlines , flexability , character abilities , environment , all much , much more compelling.Kind of a shame , Hulk had the potential to be a much better game .
 My enthusiasm for the film and even the demo version notwithstanding , this PC game is a dog , no , it 's a Gamma Green Hulk-Dog . Imagine the worst , most annoying camera angles imaginable , impossible `` puzzles '' that would 've made Banner Hulk-out given the frustration level -LRB- and I 'm good with puzzles , if my experience with JKII
 I recieved The Hulk comp game as a gift for straight A 's in school and I am very upset it did n't work on my comp . It says right on the bottom of the box it can work on my comp but NOO , it does n't . I bring it back to Target the next day and got another one . Does n't work either . Now I 'm stuck with a software game that looks extremely promising and fun but wo n't work . And I ca n't do anything about it . So remember my story when you think u wan na buy this game . Good luck !
 This is an extremely bad computer game . The first time you play it is okay , but the second time you realize how boring it is . There is no challenge in the game at all . The only reason I gave it one star was because it had one okay level , and it has somewhat good graphics . DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !!!
 For God 's sake did anyone else realize how incredibly stupid this game was ?! The first time its okay because lets face it , it was a new game so you were dying to play . After awile you actualy start to realize how boring this game really is . Ex . Level
 I love the Legacy of Kain games . Do n't get me wrong , I 'm a huge fan of Soul Reaver 2 . This game , however , frustrates the heck out of me . I do n't know why I 'm still playing it . First off , I have to admit , I have not finished the game yet . I am only to the fourth chapter.First and most annoying is the camera . It would be fine if it followed right behind you -LRB- I do n't need to see Kain 's face , he looks like a turtle ... -RRB- or if you were able to move in yourself but instead it sticks itself at weird angles and moves around sporatically so you can never walk straight . There 's a part in the game where you have to walk up a ramp and there are holes you have to jump over . It took me no less than 25 minutes to get past this seemingly easy place all because of the camera . My character actually died once -LRB- as fans know , the health of the character constantly decreases , something I am fine with except when you are forced to repeatedly do the same thing over and over ... -RRB- while doing this . The camera makes the game practically unplayable.The second thing is the repetativeness of the scenary . What I 'm going on for this part is the Sarafan Stronghold . I constantly get confused on where I am because every room looks the same . I suppose it made it very easy for them to program . Just make a few rooms and then copy them when needed . The least they could have done is moved around the tapestries or something.The third thing is just a technical problem for me that probably just has to do with my computer or something . In certain parts of the game everything starts going practically in slow-motion . It turns really jerky and slow . I have a very new computer so it ca n't be that . I 've downloaded all the patches and still nothing works.So overall this game has been a dissappointment to me . I 'll probably keep playing it because I want to know what the story is -LRB- I have no complaints about that -RRB- . Luckily I only spent $ 5 on this game so it 's no huge loss . If you 're intersted in getting into the Legacy of Kain games , I 'd definetally recommend one of the earlier ones like Soul Reaver 2 instead .2 1/2 Stars
 No single player here at all . NONE . There is a training option , which is just some very very quick areas where as soon as you kill off the given enemies with the one or two given weapons the level ends abruptly . Also , these areas can not be replayed once you successfully complete them . You must restart the training over from the first area . There 's also no respawning on these training levels . They just start completely over.Also , do you really think anyone is playing this game online ? Really ? ummm . . nope they are not . I ca n't think of one reason to get this game . It 's not even a real game in my opinion without at least a true single player . Groove made a wonderful game with Combat Task Force 121 . I was really hoping this game would be as good , but it seems like Groove is turning out worse games for the pc now .
 This game did not live up to my expectations . Moving the main character around was very difficult . I played for a while and had to quit . My 80 days was going fast because I could n't manuever . It would have been a great game . Do n't waste your money . By the way , I will try to finish the game but I have to build up my tolerance and patience .
 i finally gaveup on this game unable to make it run properly i got the latest windowxp intel 2core 2.2 mghs with 2 gig memory also nvidia drivers for my video card geforce 8500gt this game froze after each ending and every restart had to re enter all the drivers a real nuisance so i put it away for ever . bye george
 IF you like Tex Murphy games , Stupid Invaders , Syberia , Runaway , Myst , Liesure Suit Larry -LRB- Old Games -RRB- , or the Broken Sword Series , then STOP.This game is the classic Tomb Raider , Indiana Jones Epilogues.I rest my Case ...
 This is by far the worst version of the Harry Potter games series so far . It was boring , but we persevered through to the end of the game because we kept hoping that it would get better . It did n't . The camera angles are tight and inflexible . The challenges take no imagination and the spells are awkward . All spells are controlled by a series of directional moves on the `` R '' directional button and many of the combat spells use the same moves as the non-combat moves which leads to some confusion . Having Ron and Hermione trailing after him throughout the entirety of the game leads to endless occasions of becoming stuck in tight places because you ca n't get past them . There is virtually no interaction between Harry and many of the major characters such as Dumbledore , Hagrid , Professor MacGonaghall , etc. . We were VERY disappointed with this game .
 I , like so many others , bought this game expecting something exciting . This is the most boring Potter game ever . All you do is walk around while Hermonie and Ron get in your way . The tasks were incredibly lame . Moving the analog stick for control of the wand was not an improvement . The room of reward was pointless and it drove me crazy everytime Moaning Mrytle showed up . Her voice is annoying.I think that HP 4 has been the best game so far .
 I first bought -LRB- yes I said ` first ' -RRB- this item when I got the set of Karaoke Revolution disk . Boy did we have fun , then , at first it was just a little noise coming from the speakers . Than intermittent shorting out of the sound . Then nothing . This after just a few days.Must admit Amazon was great in the way they handled the matter , they asked me to return the item , and sure enough shortly after a replacement came Boy did we have fun -LRB- of course we handled this new one with baby gloves -RRB- , Did not help , within two weeks the same thing happened again , dead , kaput.I had to buy another one -LRB- this time one that I saw in a store -RRB- . So I am now on the third one within weeks . Other wise works pretty good -LRB- that is , when and while it works -RRB- First two were very easy to go bad , hope I have better luck third time a round.Will keep you up dated on how long this one works .
 got this mic along w / karaoke revolution 3 as a christmas gift . worked awesome . mic picked up my voice even when i was singing really low . we had the static not too long after and had assumed we were singing too close to the mic or that we had set it on sensitive . however on 12/27 -LRB- 3 days of play -RRB- , it died . i went to put my son down and when i came back , that was it . no forewarning . nothing . if anyone out there finds a good mic -LRB- i 've yet to find out w / usb ps2 compatibility -RRB- or headset , please let me know . thanks . other than that , it was fun while it lasted . but mic is a total letdown .
 We love Karaoke Revolution games and were so excited to get our new hand held microphone . Amazingly we all scored platinums with this mic but that was only the first two days of playing . Like one of the other reviews it started with intermittent crackling then sound going out totally to now NOTHING . It 's totally gone . I want to buy another , but after reading the reviews on the second and third purchases I refuse . Hopefully Logitech comes out with something more sturdy !! Do n't waste your money , stick with the headset until something better comes along .
 We love the Karaoke revolution games - but we are on mics 5 & 6 - these have lasted longer than our previous ones as we duct taped them when new in hopes that the static would stay away . But BRAND new for Xmas ... and within 2 weeks nothing but static on one mic and the other is n't picking up anyone 's voice any more . Sony 's Singstar game comes with mics that are way more sturdy -LRB- they have held up fine -RRB- - but the game is no where near as fun as Konami 's Karaoke games ! I wish logitech would fix it so the mics would have more lasting power !
 This microphone broke on the third use . I bought it to play Karaoke Revolution - American Idol encore , which specifically requires this microphone . I literally played the game twice and when I tried to play the game a few weeks later I realized the game was n't picking up my voice at all ; the mic had stopped working . So it gets one star from me ! I did n't misuse the product in anyway , just pulled it out to use on the game , and otherwise stored it in a drawer . I do n't ever save receipts or packaing so I have no idea how any sort of return process would have turned out . I wish I had just spent the money on more Sing Star games , though of course the song selection is different among the two types of games , the microphones that are used with that game are still working , and generally seem to be heavier and of better quality .
 Fun while it lasted . Got it for Christmas and after the 4th use it is DEAD . Nothing.The kids are so disapointed .
 I purchased this for my daughter 's birthday to go with the PS2 Karoke Revolution game she received . The michrophone quit working after about 30 minutes !! I contacted Logitech for a replacement , and it was a HASSLE !! I received the replacement about 2 weeks later . That microphone worked for 1 month before also breaking . Obviously , there are some design problems with this product . It was not used in any way except for the way it was intended to be used . VERY DISAPPOINTING !!!
 I bought this microphone for my daughter for Christmas , and it will not work with Singstar on Playstation 2 . It was a recommended product when I bought Singstar , but it is not compatible .
 We purchased this product after reading the positive reviews to use with our Sing Star Pop game.IT DOES NOT WORK WITH IT !!!! The game will not recognize the microphone . Now we are stuck with a microphone and game , neither of which will work . No separate microphones are available for purchase with the singstar game . Do n't waste your money on purchasing this product !
 This microphone came bundled with Konami 's excellent Karaoke Revolution Party . First , it 's notable that it plugs into the USB ports on the PlayStation 2 , not the traditional controller ports . I believe the USB ports are only detected when the peripheral is plugged-in before powering on the PS2 . That quirk notwithstanding , this microphone is poorly constructed . From the first song , there was crackling and static . Since then , it has been very temperamental and works intermittently . I 'm afraid to even sway for fear it may upset the cheap wiring . Bad .
 I bought this mic for Karaoke Revolution , it worked great for about a week , then static and finally it totally died . I will not be buying another one of these .
 man i had fun . . for what ?! a hour ? then i come back so my bf and i could jam out . . and wham not even a hour the mic wasnt working ... im not happy . . i love karoke and this was a total disapointment . after reading about the headphones and what not . . i dont know what to do . . i cant afford to keep buying microphones cuz the manufactors cant figure out how to make a microphone that is sturdy enough . :-LRB- dont buy the game unless u have another option for microphones . . cuz im sorry to say . . logitechs version of microphone is crappy . . best of wishes to all if u can find something that is worth it !!!!
 This is my first shop at Amazon I got completely frustated . The site showed me a microphone for PS2 Rockband , and what did I get ? Microphone only for PS3 . I felt like an idiot . False advertisement .
 We received the product and it was broken . Now I have to go through the pain in the butt process of mailing it back . Just stinks !!!
 This USB MICROPHONE was a christmas gift for my 20 year old grandson . He just told me that the one he wanted was with the ear pieces , in order to carry on a discussion with the person with whom he was playing the game . Grandma misunderstood . Is there anything that can be done to correct my error ? Maybe you have earphones that do come with the microphone.Thank you for your interest and your time.Hope Knechtl
 I bought the KR Party bundle for my boyfriend 's daughter for her birthday . She loves the game , but it has only been about two weeks and the mic is dead . It started with the static for a while , but then while I was singing , it just died completely . I know I 'm not a great singer , but I 'm not THAT bad !
 this mic is not compatable with the PS2 SING STAR GAME . . just wanted people to know ...
 like other reviewers say . it was good while it lasted . once it gets static -LRB- it easily can just by you touching a sweater or your hair and then touching the mic -RRB- then its all gone . i played a few hours and it died . simply a waist of money .
 I purchased this to go with my Karaoke Revolution games and aside from the few positive reviews which lured me into buying this it 's crap ! The mic does n't pick up your voice unless you have the mic pressed up against your lips which pretty much renders your singing useless when a microphone is pressed up against your mouth . I did adjust the microphone settings in the Karaoke Revolution game but that did n't make any difference . The sound quality is horrible and it does n't work unless you 're pretty much chewing on the mic head . Do n't recommend this ... Stick with Singstar instead !
 The adv said it works for playstation 2 which it did not at all . I plug it in and it did not even recognize it . So they should not play customers this way . I wrote a letter to the seller , and he did not answered . So people do n't buy this .
 It broke both times . I returned it . You stand on teh cord once and it breaks . Amazon do you have a wireless one ??? It would be nice . Get one !
 I bought this mic in December and after only two nights of singing , it completely died ! What a complete disappointment . Save your money !
 This product worked for about a week then the mic stopped working . We love the mic but I took it to several places and they say there is a short in the mic . I ended up buying another mic locally . I was very disappointed with this purchase . I think the mic was not the mic that goes with the playstation . I think it was a clone .
 Bought a mic to use with Karaoke Revolution Party -LRB- which only comes with one mic -RRB- , but after two days one of the two mics broke .
 The Karaoke games for the PS2 are incredibly fun . We play them with the kids ; we play them with adults . We just love them ! We totally crack up when we play.Unfortunately the microphones short out very quickly -LRB- within days -RRB- and we are very careful with them.We are going on our 6th PS2 USB microphone . If the games were not so much fun , I would not keep buying these horrendously made mic 's . We tried to use the Sing Star mic 's with the Karaoke games but they are not compatible.Logitech needs to wake up and wire these things properly .
 Sadly , I do not think the microphone I received works . If I could get a new one that works that would be great I would be more than willing to mail back the defective product .
 This gadget is pretty cool and folds down to match my cube like a charm . I love it ! The one I purchased though had a few dead pixels unfortunately . I 'd say the only thing that can make this any better is no dead pixels and maybe an option of Battery power incase you wan na go camping and want to play your cube like a pimp ! Good thing I brought a Honda generator when I went camping with this baby . I would n't buy this new without opening the package and testing it because Dead pixels can be a very decapitating pest . Ask my friend , he bought a new Nintendo DS last year and about an 1/8 of the screen had dead pixels .
 I cant exactly make a review of this game mainly because i bought a used copy . and being a used copy its more than likely already been added to someones Steam . and since that 's the case i cant play it ... Do not buy used !
 Okay , I 'm not actually a kid , just too lazy to create an account . Now , the important stuff : Half Life is a fun game , etc , etc. . However , DO NOT , under any circumstances , buy it in this package . There are several reasons for this : a -RRB- This is n't the original . It 's the Steam version . You MUST install Steam , connect to the Net , and all this other stuff just to play the games . The games are stored in some special `` steam '' format that has no exe files or anything . YOU CAN ONLY RUN THE GAMES THROUGH STEAM because of this . This means Steam must always be open and connected to the Net to play any of these games , even the single player , offline ones like Half Life 's single player missions.b -RRB- Steam is really bad . I bought this package , and I ca n't even play the games using it . Steam tries to launch any of them and then the whole computer just freezes up - and my computer is WAAAY above the system requirements for Half Life -LRB- it is rather old , after all -RRB- . Overall , Half Life is fun and enjoyable , but this package is unplayable . Try to get your hands on an older version of Half Life before it was neutered into this hideous Steam version ... even if you ca n't get Half Life anywhere else and you 're desperate to play it , do n't buy this package . You 'll pay for it ... I sure did .
 This version has steam , If you buy it in only a few years steam will be gone and your game is toast . SINCE it has to connect to the internet to make sure your the only copy using that code . You can only play a few offline games befour it askes you to connect . BUT it has to connect at least once to get the real cd key . The real key is stored at steam . You do not own this game when you buy it . Your just renting it . Alot of companys have done this in the past and when they go out of busniss you just have another coster . DO NOT BUY there are version of this game that have no steam ! Im so stupid for buying this copy . Half life 2 is the same . Buy that on xbox and you will not have to deal with steam .
 I ca n't believe valve is doing this stupid Steam program !!! I have just spent hours trying to find my CD Key since I lost the box ! I paid good money for this game and I ca n't even play it ?! Come on!Valve is dead to me . Concerning steam ... lets not even go there .
 First , to give credit where credit is due , Half-Life , being one of the originals to start the trend in Alien shooters , had an excellent plot by comparison to some of the other popular shooters . Likewise , it was an innovater of the true first-person shooter concept , there were literally no cutscenes where you the player were somehow capable of traveling outside your own body to look at stuff from different perspectives . Overall , the idea being , that such third-person cut-scenes detract from a little concept called role-playing . Not only was the plot interesting , but the very concept was fascinating to me as I 'm something of a Sci-Fi fanatic . Yet , I can say honestly , that I would have been happier if the alien presence in the game simply had n't been there and it was really all about trying to survive your own government , during a scientific disaster . What I can and will knock this game for is what I knock most PC original titles for . The programmers were lazy & cheap enough , not to include gamepad support . And frankly , this concept being thought of as acceptable or ` okay ' by PC elitests is a testiment to the fact that they 've lost touch with the very purpose of the PC itself
 After all the hype about this game , I finally picked up a copy . I play a lot of computer games , and have played a few first person shooters , but after about 10 minutes of this game , I felt like I had to throw up . I tried again the next day and had the same reaction . Perhaps it is the realistic motion and physical effects , that everyone raves about , but playing this game actually made me feel sick ! You might wanted to avoid this game -LRB- or at least keep a supply of dramamine on hand -RRB- if you are prone to motion sickness = -RRB-
 After playing the excellent Half Life 2 and it 's sequel Episode One . I decided to blindly purchase this earlier Anthalogy . What a mistake . This game feels like it belongs on an Atari 2600 as the graphics and sound are an embarrassment to behold . Either remake this game or send it out to pasture . What a relic .
 Okay this add-on is based on dated artist renderings by Boeing , this is n't an accurate reproduction of the actual 787What abacus has created is a plane with the nose of a 767 , permanently flexed wings , and the rudder is just wrong on so many levelsIf accuracy is not an issue for you this is an otherwise adequate fantasy planeAs far as the interior , the passenger cabin looks extremely cheap and when in the rear cabin the red beacon light flashes in the cabinThe cockpit looks basically like Boeing 's real cockpit but the details come off as rather cheap , People 's Exhibit A being the misspelled `` smokeing '' label , which after all these years this product has been out Abacus has n't seen fit to fixOverall this plane is n't really worth the advertised cost , if you really want to fly the 787 there are freeware options that are far more accurate in shape and with the freeware you have far more airline optionsIn my opinion if Abacus wants to turn a profit with this they should just rebrand it as a fantasy airliner -LRB- Heck most of the airlines included are fakes as is -RRB- That being said , once you ditch the idea of this being a 787 , it is a beautiful unique aircraft -LRB- on the outside -RRB- the Virtual Airlines included help give this unique plane a solid character of its own , the passenger cabin definitely needs work , it just does n't properly compliment the exterior as is and the cockpit 's glaring flaw is the lack of spellcheck by the Abacus team
 This software installed perfectly one my computer , but does not work at all ! If you are a flight simulator fan , and you want a bigger plane to fly longer distances , buy the airbus a340 or a380 , just do n't buy this . It does not simulate any realism , nor does it work . To fly autopilot you have to buy another disc from retailer , twice the cost . Something with the lights , wo n't let you turn them one , and you can not operate any controls that are not on your joystick . I do not suggest buying this product .
 This aircraft is not realistic at all ! The graphics on the airplane are horrible . The wings are always bent even when it is not flying . While the cockpit looks better than the outside it certianly is n't good . Looks more like a drawing then a flight sim . Would not pay a doller for it !
 this game is cool graphics wise , but I havent been able to fly my aircraft because everytime i try to turn a knob or touch a button in the cockpit i get a missing sound file error and fsx crashes and resets ! does anyone know of a way to fix this ?
 There 's no story behind this game . The back of the package displays a greatly written intro to a story , but as you begin to play , you realize that this is just a simple point and click shooting game . For those of you who enjoy pointing and clicking without reason , go ahead and buy it . But for the rest of you , esspecially those who enjoy a good story , stray away from this title .
 MGS1 which was ported to PC by Microsoft was a classic and I instantly became a fan of Solid Snake . I wish I could say the same for the sequel . The game is actually a direct port of Xbox version and suffers from poor optimization for the PC . The game runs poorly even on my Pentium 3Ghz with 512MB Ram and GeForce FX 5800 rig . The settings need to be turned down to the lowest for the game to run satisfactorily and there are still significant slowdowns . I just hope Konami is working on a patch to optimize it .
 I wanted to get this game for my PC . I guess I should have done a bit more research on it . Unfortunately , this game has been `` ported '' to different formats , making it rather incompatible with PC . Originally designed for PS2 , it was then ported to XBOX , i think , then to PC . The console interface was still built for PS2 , which was useless . So , I got a logitech game controller and tried to configure it . Still useless . I got tired of trying to remap the buttons , so I have given up , for now . The actual game is awesome , though , but in its current PC settup , completely worthless .
 I have tried installing this game on 3 different machines with 3 different graphical setups . No luck at all because im only C-in black . I played the old ps1 game for day 's on end and if it 's anything like that it will be awesome ... But i guess i will never know ...
 I agree this is a defective controller . This breaks my heart too because I love the feel of this control over any other PS2 controller on the market . The problems are the potentiometers break on these , causing it to stick right or left . Unfortunately , I had the same problem -- the right analog stick thinking I was pushing it to the right . This happened on two controllers . I finally took it upon myself to open both of the controllers up and looked at the board . To my amazement , the construction of the board on these is extremely cheap.I 'd pay $ 75 for this controller if it actually was solid , which it unfortunately isnt .
 This is an extremly defective product . I have bought two of the already . i returned the first one because it kept telling the ps2 I was pressing the select button when I wasnt . after I got the second one , the second I took it out of the packaging , the right analog stick pushed to the left and stayed there . This one also had the select button problem . This would be a good product if these problem were not here .
 The rubber protectors and the wrist strap have to be removed EVERY time you put these on the charger . My batteries contacts have started to corrode -LRB- turn Green -RRB- after 3 months of VERY light usage . I do not recommend this very cheaply and poorly designed product . Find a better Wii charger .
 We got this charger along with a Wii at Christmas . Rechargeable batteries are a must with the Wii , but this product is not the answer . The Nyko charger comes with Wiimote battery covers that have electrical contacts on the back . Those contacts touch -LRB- theoretically , at least -RRB- the contacts on the charging station to charge up the batteries . The problem is that it is often difficult to establish a connection . You place the Wiimotes in the charging station , and the indicator lights below indicate that the remote is charging -LRB- blue -RRB- or fully charged -LRB- green -RRB- . If you are VERY CAREFUL to get the wriststrap cord COMPLETELY out of the way , and then repeatedly push DOWN and BACKWARD on the Wiimote and hold it like that for a minute , then you can usually establish a connection . But do n't breath hard near the charging station , or the connection will be broken . On numerous occasions , I have passed by the charger only to notice that at least one of the indicator lights has gone out , in which case I must repeat the procedure described above . If you can maintain a connection , the charger does charge up the batteries , but it 's just not worth the constant hassle.I definitely do not recommend this poorly designed product .
 I can not get one of the batteries to work . Has Not worked since I bought it .
 While this charger was good in it 's day there is now something better ... a new charger that has no metal contacts to mess with . Over time the contacts on this and similar chargers and the contacts on the wii remotes corrode with use and this charger losses it 's effectiveness ... now thanks to the re-chargable electric toothbrush technology there is a wii remote charger that is contactless also ... . check it out here http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0017KCUEQ
 I bought this as a package with a wii second hand from someone . One of the batteries does not work . The other one works fine and is great . I am now using other rechargeable AAs in my other wiimotes .
 Yes , not buying AA batteries is great , BUT . .1 . If you have a skin on your remotes , DO NOT buy this unless you want to cut off part of your Wii remote skins to make it fit . -LRB- The ENTIRE battery cover has to be cut off with an exacto knife ! -RRB- 2 . Cumbersome if you want to just set it down with the wrist strap still attached . -LRB- Got ta fiddle with the strap so it does n't get in the way of the ` connections ' ... frustrating . -RRB- 3 . If this thing gets moved a hair , you 'll lose the good connection , and have to adjust the remotes . . again .4 . There 's nothing letting you know just HOW long it takes either . If it had little -LRB- wii remote-like -RRB- boxes across the bottom with corresponding minute marks that showed the ` time to fully charged ' that would 've been helpful . -LRB- Ex . 1st box is 15 mins , next box is 10 mins , etc. -RRB- 5 . Could 've made it so just the battery packs get charged minus the remotes being needed on the baseTwo stars is all I can give this . -LSB- Now where 's my exacto knife ? :-LRB- -RSB-
 This product is pretty good , except that the rechargeable batteries have a short life-span -LRB- mine lasted only 4 months -RRB- and replacements are $ 10 each , so if you use your Wii about as much as I do , it is going to cost you $ 60 per year in replacement batteries for 2 Wii remotes . I very much doubt this is a better value than using a general-purpose rechargeable battery in the remote .
 I have to agree with many of the posts . A great idea , but poor design . I found that you must remove skins and move wrist straps out of the way to charge . Removing the skins was bad enough , but I do n't like the fact that you have to remove or reposition the wrist strap . You simply ca n't drop the remote in the slot and have it charge . You have to position it with your hands and make sure you get solid connection.However , I will say once you DO get the connection the charger works as advertised . If you are looking for a charger , there are not that many great choices , so you have to take what you can get -LRB- right now -RRB- . I 'd look around for a better design .
 I do not recomend this product . I have three problems with it .1 . I had difficulty getting the wiimote to sit properly in the cradle so it would get a connection and charge at all .2 . The contacts needed constant cleaning because they are right under your hand has you are holding the wiimote .3 . One of the two batteries died -LRB- would no longer take a charge -RRB- less than 6 months after I bought it .
 This product does what it advertises , however it 's NOT compatible with the Wii Motion Plus AND you have to take the sleeve off the remote to charge it or get rid of it all together . Just beware of those two factors when purchasing this item .
 This product has given me nothing but headaches ! I have to place and replace the controllers on the base in an effort to get them to recharge . Once I get one of the controllers recharging and then attempt to place the second controller , it usually dislodges the first controller and I have to start again . If I can get both controllers recharging in under 4 minutes , I consider myself lucky . And do n't even get me started on where to tuck the wrist strap while attempting to load the unit . Yikes!I CAN NOT recommend purchasing this product , however I would recommend the other unit I purchased which is a Psyclone brand that has the recharging connectors on the bottom of the unit .
 I purchased this for convenience and to save money on batteries . The idea is great , the design and quality are poor . The remotes with the back plate provided do not make a great connection . You have to wiggle the remote in the stand to make the connection solid for charging . To date I have had to replace one rechargeable pack and the other one does n't hold the charge that well anymore . I 've had it for a little over a year and would recommend that you purchase rechargeable AA batteries . You will have less aggravation .
 Bought this when first got my Wii but it failed after 3 months . I spent a little more and bought the other recharging station that lets me charge the remote through the sleeves and that works much better . Plus the battery life lasts longer on that one .
 Batteries dont hold charge an hr . Might be an old unit , lasted a week and we tossed it.All of the Wii stuff is a great idea but know of its worked my sons refer to it as Waa ,
 This was a purchase for my son as he recieved a Wii for Christmas . This product is not as good as he was expecting . Not sure that I would purchase another one if we purchased another Wii .
 One of the batteries died on me after only having it a little over a month . It worked great while it work , charge your batteries in less than an hour and provide hours of play time , although sometimes while playing it would drop connection with the remote . Then it started to die -LRB- if it gets increasingly hard to get the charger to charge the battery it is about to die ! -RRB- I suggest waiting to see what kind of solution Nintendo might offer . Only buy this if you absolutely must have it , because you risk getting a defective product . Or keep the package it comes with so you can walk into Wal-Mart and get another one .
 NYKO needs better quality assurance . You can add me to the increasing list of people who got a defective product . One of the batteries works fine ; the other powers the remote okay , but wo n't charge . Now I get to go through the hopefully hassle-free process of getting a replacement.For the remote that does work , I ca n't just slide it in the charger and have it charge . I have to spend a minute tinkering with it and moving it around until the LED comes on . The whole thing just feels clunky and haphazard . As has been noted , there 's no space at all for the wrist strap , which is no help.REVIEW UPDATE
 In concept this is a great idea . The Wii remotes suck batteries like a hungry dog at a steak factory . The main issue is that the designers did n't consider the fact that there is a Wii strap at the bottom of the remotes . Thus , it is VERY difficult to seat the remotes properly to recharge the units if the straps are on . My son just places the remotes in the cradle - sometimes he gets them seated properly , sometimes he does n't . Either way , it 's absolutely stupid of the manufacturer to create a device that does not take into consideration a basic aspect of the Wii remote . And to expect the user to take the strap off with every recharge is ridiculous .
 For some users , this product may be of little value.The Wii remote operates on 2 AA batteries . For anyone that already owns some AA rechargable batteries and an external charger , this unit duplicates that functionality . It does come with two battery packs and two replacement backs that expose electrical contacts to allow the batteries to be charged without the hassle of removing them from the remote.But that benefit is lost when a Motion Plus adapter is installed . That adapter extends the length of the Wii remote , and the unit no longer fits in the charger cradle until it 's removed . So , turns into a choice of hassles
 The unit was given as a gift . When we plugged it in for the first time , we noticed that the LED indicators in the front of the unit were not lighting up . To test the possibility that it was a defect just with the LEDs while the normal charging of the batteries worked , we used both batteries until they were completely empty and then tried to charge them . After a night of charging , neither of them had been charged at all . Furthermore , when we opened up the unit , there were bits of glue sloppily placed all within the interior of the unit with capacitors bent in odd and disorganized directions with no clear indication of circuit-paths . The shoddy workmanship is likely the reason for the poor quality of these units .
 This whole concept was a great idea , I love the idea of not having to constantly buy AA batteries . However the reality of this product is much different from what I imagined , I purchased this product about a week ago and have had nothing but problems with keep the Wii-Mote on with these damn batteries they are constantly losing power as the battery will not stay connected properly . Like the title says , great idea - horrible execution .
 The unit does work however many times I have found that sometimes the unit loses its connection and the battery is dead next time you want to use it . Other times it works fine . Should be redesigned to hold the unit more securely while charging .
 The batteries work fine . The recharging works fine . I 've never had a battery go dead on me , even after hours of play.HOWEVER , it is next to impossible to balance the Wiimotes on this thing for them to charge correctly . If you want to keep the wrist straps on , which I 'm sure you do , good luck getting the metal chargers to line up with the Wiimote . I 've studied this thing and looked at every possibility to get them to work correctly , including reversing the knot on the strap and experimenting with every possible placement . But simply put , this thing never should have made it past R&D. ; Two stars for the batteries , three stars off for ridiculous design.I wish the Wii InCharge Dual Charge Station had been available when I bought this one . You do n't have to balance anything when using the InCharge , and you can even keep the sleeves on .
 I have had this charger since I go my Wii last summer . I did n't have the caughting on fire problem -LRB- that would be really bad -RRB- , but this charger has a really bad problem of not charging that batteries because the Wii-mote had to be sitting perfectly on the base . This was no easy task especially if you leave the wrist strap on the Wii-mote . There were several time when someone would bump the table where I was charging the Wii-motes and I would have to go and set them back up perfectly so they would charge . I ended up just using some NI-MH rechargeable batteries instead . I have seen other base chargers that looked like they would hold the Wii-mote in place better . I would suggest looking around a bit more before buying this one .
 We do not use our Wii often , so the wiimotes spend most of their time on the charger . This worked well for a short time , but after a few months of non-use we found that both the battery packs were completely dead . We can not even turn on the Wiimotes.This product was a waste of money . We will be switching to regular rechargeables now .
 I bought this remote 2 years ago and it worked for several months great , then it would quit charging . Light turns green and the Wii turns red and says 1 bar , does n't matter how long it is on the charger for , it only stays `` blue '' -LRB- charging -RRB- for about a minute then turns green . It is totally useless and I will be buying rechargeable batteries for it now and save my money.Also , it 's very difficult to sit it in the cradle correctly with the Skin on the remotes when both remotes are charging . You have to pull the skin up until it 's almost off so it will sit in the cradle then adjust the wrist strap so it leans flat . The 2nd remote must be adjusted so that the skin is higher so they do n't touch each other , and then it will usually sit in there correctly after adjusting the wrist strap . I guess it would be easier to take the skin off the remote completely but who wants to constantly take it on and off , especially when the charger will only work for several months .
 We 've been using this charge station and battery sets for some time and have been less than happy with it.Pros
 I bought one of these when I first got my Wii right after they first came out . The first problem I found was that it was near impossible to get a good connection to the charger if the wrist strap is on the controler . Lately I 've noticed that the rechargable battaries are holding less and less of a charge . If I want to play for a few hours I have to use regular battaries because the rechargables hold next to no charge no matter how long they sit in the charger . I know it 's not just mine either because I 've asked around and everyone else I know with this charger is having the same problem . Do not waste your money on this .
 I purchased this charging station 3 years ago . It worked well for a few months and then began to be finicky over the placement of the remote in order to charge . I 'd put it on the charger and it would turn to green -LRB- meaning does n't require a charge -RRB- but the batteries were dead . Move it around a little bit and it would stay charging . Over time it became more difficult to find the charge ` sweet spot ' , and eventually it would n't charge at all . I 'm not sure if it 's the battery unit or the charger , but did n't want to replace either to find out . I think it was a couple of years before it 's complete demise -LRB- and we do n't use the wii as often as many folks do -RRB- . Not to mention if they went dead in the middle of play , you 'd have to replace with other batteries anyway or stop playing -LRB- and it only charges when in the remote -RRB- . I do n't recommend this product , I think separate rechargeable batteries are a better investment .
 Quick and short , i did not regularly put my remotes into the charger every night . only upon drain did we recharge.after about one year , it no longer charges/hold charge .
 I bought this charge station for Christmas with a new Wii remote . It 's a month and 4 days later and only one remote works the other never gets a charge no matter how long I leave it on the charger . My two boys have just been taking turns playing until I bought some regular batteries . I was very disappointed in this charge station . I would not recommend this to anyone . THIS PRODUCT SHOULD BE TAKEN OFF THE MARKET UNTIL IT 'S IMPROVED .
 This is a waste of your money . I 'm in the market for another charge station . Nyko has failed big time . The first one I bought lasted only a couple of months . The Wii remote has to sit perfectly in the charger in order to charge . You can not just place the remote in the charger and walk away . You need to make sure the light comes on so you know you the remote is charging . Getting the Wii remote connected properly with the charge grids in the charge station takes ninja concentration for it to actually make a connection . It has taken me up to 15 minutes to get our 3 Wii remotes to make a connection . Once the indicator light actually comes on in blue , it switches to green right away indicating the remote is fully charged . This is NOT true . Its only half way charged at best . The rechargeable battery pack does n't hold the charge . I thought it was a fluke so I purchased another Nyko battery charge station . Same thing happen . Charge station and new battery pack charged well for about 3 months . The manual that comes with the charge station is pathetic and there is NO on line support . Buy another charge station and save your money !!!!
 I have been through 2 base units already and I am in need of a third . Most of the reviews are from people who have just gotten this for their Wii controllers . I have had these units for months . I 've lived with this for some time . I , too , loved them at first . That was , until the unit stopped working 60 days later . It does n't take long to wear out the base because of the bad design on the metal prongs that carry current to the controllers to recharge them . If it were me , I would just buy some good rechargable batteries - not this unit . I am NOT happy with this product . And NYKO , the parent company , will not respond if contacted for replacement . Bad product + bad service = bad recommendation .
 My fiance and I ordered this Wii charging station for our Wii . We were very excited to cut down on how often we had to buy batteries by getting the rechargeable battery packs . However we were disappointed to find that one of the rechargeable battery packs simply did not work . It did not hold a charge for longer than 10 minutes when we first tried it out . We have switched which side of the charging station that Wii remote was on and the outlet we plugged the station into . The results did not change - one battery pack charges , and the second one does not . Half of the product is useless and we are very disappointed with our purchase . We will not be buying from Nyko again .
 Ever since I purchased this charging station and battery packs I have had nothing but problems with my wii . They charging station charges the batteries , but the remotes will not stay synched with the WII . I ca n't even get them to resynch with the system . It 's a pain to have to spend 30 plus minutes trying to get the remotes to turn on . All they do is continually blink . It 's a problem with all of the remotes that have this battery pack on them . Now I will have to replace them all once again . Do n't waste your money on this product . Spend a little more and get a good brand .
 I bought the for my wii to save money on batteries , in that regaurd it was a good idea but the only way I can get them to take a charge is to unhook the batteries from the cotroller and charge it that way , they dont chare while in the controller .
 While it was alive , we loved it ; I was sick of replacing all those double A 's ! But within 3 months the lights went out and it stopped charging the remotes . While the other reviewers like the product b/c it does something great , if it does n't last , it 's just not worth it . I 'm trying to find a comprable product b/c I am sick of all the double A 's , again !
 This charge station is a nice effort , but functions poorly . The controlers do not seat in the charger well . You have to jiggle them and press them into position * juuuuuust right * for them to charge.Often , that does n't work either.Given the same challenge , I would buy more rechargeable batteries and forget the concept of third party battery packs .
 I bought these and do n't really use them . Only one battery keeps a charge , and that 's only for 2 hours . It 's cool to see the pretty blue light , but other than that these are in the back of a closet taking up space . I never play Wii but bought these thinking i would . If i played a lot i would hate these more than i hate Apple , but lucky for these , i do n't . If you 're looking for a cheap alternative to the store prices , look elsewhere . These are filled with failure and get charged with disappointment !
 I got this charging station for our Wii , and like so many other reviewers , it worked great for a while . We could keep two Wiimotes in the charging cradle while using the other two we have . A few months -- perhaps six months -- the Wiimotes would be placed on the cradle to charge and the blue `` charging '' indicator would change to green -LRB- full charge -RRB- within 15 seconds.We only put the Wiimotes on charge when they had insufficient charge to work . For the battery packs to tank so quickly does n't seem right . We did a lot of Internet research to try to find some possible solutions . Nyko Customer Service had no FAQs posted for this product , so they were useless . No oxidation -LRB- green coating -RRB- on the charging terminals and did n't notice the batteries overheating as some have suggested . Also tried to bend the copper contacts out , which was a posted suggestion , but the fast blue-to-green light transition remained . The batteries simply will not hold a charge and they can not be charged.I 'm through with this piece of junk . I bought a large pack of Amazon AA rechargeable NiMH batteries this past Christmas and that 's what we 'll be using from now on .
 This product worked as advertised for about 3 weeks and then the batteries failed . Now the charger reports the batteries as fully charged after only 10 seconds of charging . Watch out for defective batteries .
 This whole concept was a great idea , I love the idea of not having to constantly buy AA batteries . However the reality of this product is much different from what I imagined , I purchased this product about a week ago and have had nothing but problems with keep the Wii-Mote on with these damn batteries they are constantly losing power as the battery will not stay connected properly . Like the title says , great idea - horrible execution .
 I find the Wiimotes turning off at random due to a bad connection with the battery packs . The battery can read full charge , and after moving the remote a bit , it will spontaneously turn off . Good idea , poor implementation . I have the same problem on both battery packs .
 Very disappointed in this product . We bought the same unit 2 years ago and have never had a problem . Obviously the quality control and the way these new ones are made have seriously declined in the production stage . The ` new ' one never charges more than one bar even though we have left them charging for over 3 weeks without using them . The LED lights says they are charged but when we hook them up to the Wii console they only have 1 bar . You ca n't even play for a few minutes before they do n't respond and you have to change remotes .
 This was pretty much the first charger for the Wii on the market , and I 've owned it for about three years now . Most of the reviews here talk about how fantastic it works , but I 'm assuming that most of these were written within the first few months of purchase . When I originally bought this charging dock , I thought it was the greatest thing because I did n't have to buy batteries anymore and it offered an easy , sleek way to charge my controllers . However , a few months to a year after you start using it , you 'll realize that it will suddenly become much more difficult and more frustrating to get the batteries to actually charge . Even if you have the pins on the batteries aligned perfectly with the pins on the charger , it still wo n't charge , and it becomes incredibly frustrating to finally get it working -LRB- I 've wasted a good 15 to 20 minutes in front of this charger just getting it to charge my batteries at all -RRB- . I also know two or three other people that own the same charger , and they had the exact same problem . This is WELL before the batteries are supposed to need replacement for a charging system like this.Though this is the only Wii remote charger I own , most of the reviews I have read make it seem that this is an issue for almost all of the third party chargers offered for the Wii . It 's a shame that Nintendo does n't offer a first-party solution.Here 's my advice
 I have gone through 2 of these bases and the prongs on the base that make contact with the controller bend and no longer work . I had the exact same thing happen with 2 different sets . Find another manufacturer .
 It is great & looks goods while it still works , but what I did n't like it 's that it only worked for about A month and a half
 I love rechargeable battery packs , but either the charger or the batteries that I got seem to stop charging too early . When I start charging on at least one of the packs , the little `` done charging '' light turns green just a few seconds later and stops charging . I checked on my Wii to make sure it was charged , but it is not , the think conks out in less than thirty minutes . That just wo n't fly for a power gamer like me.Fail .
 Shortly after I got my wii a year ago , I shelled out the dough for the charge station . After about 3 months , I went out and bought a batch of regular rechargeable batteries and threw away this thing . Why?Even when I first got the charge station , I found that sometimes I would put the wiimote in the cradle , but it would n't start charging . After some investigation , I found that this was not that uncommon a problem , and that one had to be a little careful in how the wiimote gets put into the cradle , to ensure good contact between the metal . Ok , I thought that was annoying , but not a killer.Then came the real problem . The leads on my battery started to corrode after a few weeks . It started out with a light greenish patina -LRB- oxidized copper , is my guess -RRB- which got darker . Of course , this made it even more difficult to get the wiimote into the cradle in such a way that it would charge . It got to the point that I had to take a screwdriver and scrape away the patina if I wanted to get any charge on my wiimote , and I was going through that process about once a week . Even then , sometimes I 'd have to go back and clean it some more before I could get a good connection . Truly , a big ol' pain.The idea is great , and I even think that the way they 've put this together is good , but at least for me , it did n't work so well ...
 I ordered this particular charger after I read tons of reviews that said their product had a small groove to the left and right so the strap would not stick out and make it harder to get the connection to charge . But , when my unit came it must have been one of the older models that do not have the groove . It is my biggest pet peeve about the product , since it makes it teeter in the cradle and sometimes you really have to fiddle with it to get it to connect . If only I had looked through the packaging before I ripped it open , I would have seen if mine had the grooves , and could have returned it and repurchased it until I got one with the grooves.The unit does seem to get a little warm if you leave the controllers on forever after the light turns green when they are fully charged . Easy fix
 I recived this item as a Christmas present last year.It worked great for about a month , and then would n't work.The green light that indicated the wii remote was fully charged , would come on but when I tried to play with it , it would be dead.I would not recomend buying this because it will just sit in your cabnet while you resort back to the old fashioned AA 's .
 Bought this and one of the batteries would never connect/charge with the unit . I would say we simply received a defective battery except the other battery is hit and miss while charging . And yes , the cord is out of the way . I think I 'll stick to rechargeable AA batteries .
 We bought this about a week after we got our wii last April . I refuse to use batteries we just throw in the garbage and this seemed like one of the only options for a ` charging station ' for the wiimotes . I got it at a good price here in Amazon and was looking forward to being able to just put the wiimotes on the base and have them charged.You have to take the regular back off the wiimote and put on the one that comes with the charger station , it has a little metal plate so it allows the wiimote to connect to the station and charge . You just sit in down in the base . But if you have your little jelly things on the wiimote , you have to peel it back and then put it in the charger.Then you have to get it to connect , and this is where we get supremely annoyed . The light means that it 's connected and charging . You put one in , get it to light , put the other one in , and in the process of getting that light to be on , the other one goes out . It 's a pain in the neck to get it with both lights lit up . It 's blue while it 's charging and turns green when it 's done . If it were n't for this annoying thing of not getting them both lit at the same time , I 'd be giving it five stars , as this is a ` green product ' because it enables the use of rechargable batteries .
 I liked the ease of use of the charging station but found a real disadvantage . We use the Wii zapper on several games and the Wii remote will not fit into the zapper with the cover supplied with the charger-the contacts stick out too far . So the only way to use the zapper is with the regular cover -LRB- skins can not be used either -RRB- . Have not tried to fit it into the wheel yet so that may or may not work either , so the charging unit has been a disappointment . I hope they can redesign it with other accessories in mind in the future .
 while it is great to have a charging station for the ever-draining wii remote batteries , the charging base is very touchy . You ca n't just place the remote in the base to charge , It takes several tries to get the remote in the proper place , and any sudden movement will jostle it from being charged
 I am not one to usually write reviews , but I feel like I should share this with everyone . I bought this product around Christmas . It worked great for a while , but a couple months later my wiimote stopped functioning . I talked to Nintendo about it . After some troubleshooting they determined that my wiimote died because I was using a charging station . Tip
 I got one of these and nothing worked . I called their customer service and did everything they told me to and still nothing . They offered to replace them but I 'm still cautious . I got rechargable batteries and they work just as well if not better . Do n't buy this .
 Initially , I enjoyed the convenience of this product . After a few months , though , the product started to break down , showing it 's true quality.For starters , the charger docking station was very finicky . I do n't know how many times I had to keep resetting the wii remote in place before it would even think about charging . Also , it would very often , if not always , show a green light for charged very shortly after having placed the remotes in for charging . If that was n't enough , the cheap plastic grip material on the back of the wii remotes began to peal . Eventually , I accidentally broke the metal contact strips on one side of the charge station . This is actually very easily done if you quickly & angrily place the wii remote into the charging station at a slight angle . At that point I just threw the whole thing away.Quality rechargeable batteries are the way to go IMO .
 Do n't take this the wrong way , for this is NOT about the battery performance ! The batteries actually work fine and last a reasonable amount of time . It 's the charger itself that I hate . For starters , I would like to praise Nyko for its accomplishment - they created the first device I 've seen that refuses to do its own job ! When I insert the remote , the light will turn blue for a moment and then instantly turns green indicating that it is done . But when I used the remote the very first time it did that , I realized that it did NOT charge the battery at all!I found that you have to insert the remote multiple times and actually supervise the damn thing for a whole minute to ensure that it 's charging properly . There are times when the device does n't acknowledge the remote at all . I have better things to do than supervise a lazy battery charger !!! But now that we have Duracell rechargeables , we no longer need the piece of $ # @ % and now if I could , I would sell this on ebay . But as I 'm underaged , I may have to do the next best thing and put this piece of garbage in a junk heap . WHERE IT BELONGS !!! So long story short , do n't even think about buying this for your Wii !
 The design of this system is severely flawed . You have to rest them in a dock area where they will not stay in the exact place very easily . You have to put the battery in the wii remote to charge it which is awful . It it can take you sometimes several minutes to line them up so the light turns blue and they charge and the slightest breeze and it misaligns . I put up with this for 3 weeks before it just stopped charging all together . Just buy a battery recharger and rechargeable batteries . You can use them on anything in your house . I am going to place an order for on right now . DO NOT WASTE YOUR 30 $ !
 I `` WARN '' anyone who purchases from this seller.To READ all the return policy on any item you might be considering on purchasing from this seller . I purchased a NEW WII Charger System but when I received it one of the batteries would not keep charge and the snaps on the back WII cover where missing . I have tried to resolve this matter with the seller only to be denied any exchange or refund . . `` BE WARE '' of this seller . . Thank you ... Rosa
 Did not work with our wii remotes . I charged the battery packs in the remotes -- and then the remotes could NOT sync with our wii . When I called Nintendo they told me that this product was NOT endorsed by them - they do not recommend using rechargable batteries ... after I put regular batteries back in , Nintendo talked me through the sync process again - and thank goodness , we had not done any damage to our system ... DO NOT buy this product ! It is NOT compatible with the wii ...
 Leave it to Amazon , one of the most corrupt online marketplaces , to sell a crappy product like this . The batteries barely lasted me a couple of months before dying within an hour of being charged . Surprisingly , it is cheaper to just purchase single-use batteries because they last so much longer . The charger is now just gathering dust.Save your money and buy all of your Wii equipment elsewhere . In fact , I would n't trust Amazon for any product in the foreseeable future .
 Okay , I 'm not mechanically inclined . I admit that . But I also had a competent 16 year old try to help me on this and they could n't figure it out either . So I do n't feel so bad . There were NO INSTRUCTIONS with this device . No list of what was there , plus you had to put this into the back of the Wii in order to use it . Yuk ! What I wanted was a recharger that plugged into a wall plug and not into the back of my Wii . Plus , instructions for us unknowledgeable people to show us EXACTLY how to use the darn thing . All in all , this was a disappointment to me . Perhaps after I figure it out I 'll re-review it , but right now , I do n't consider this a good product .
 I bought one like 1 year ago and now it stopped charging the controllers . The batteries are fine but it stopped charging and I think it is GARBAGE !!!!!!
 I was able to purchase this as an assecory when I bought my wii . It lasted about two days and then the little metal piece that charges the battery broke off . Another thing is the charger has a Red Led light and when trying to unplug it you cant really look at it , it hurts my eyes . I have three wiimotes and the battery pack does n't really fit skins because of its `` tight grip '' Another thing it takes a long time to charge and dosent last long . Nyko is an okay product maker . But watch out what you buy .
 I have owned this product about 4 months and have had to replace the battery pack for one unit already.The Battery pack lasted about 4 weeks and then it stopped working it would just get very hot but had no charge . Contacted customer service who had me return the batteries at my expense and they sent me new batteries in a previously used envelope -LRB- I mention this as it is indicative of an extremely small shoe string operation not a solid company -RRB- . The new battery worked fine for awhile but now one battery pack is definitely getting hotter than the other so will probably not last and is out of guarantee . I think this is a good idea just not a quality product needs to be re engineered and made by a quality company .
 I say you should forget about charge stations ! The reason why is because Rechargeable AAs give you much longer playing time , take less time to charge , and there is a lot less chance that they will kill you Wii controller.Also they allow you to keep your skins on your controller . The rechargeable AAs are only a little more money , and they last much longer then the charge stations do !!! Please do not make the same mistake that many other people do!You on average only have to charge the AAs about once a week , instead of everyday to every other day ! This is a review from Jesse .
 I bought this same model at Wal-Mart , the first one caught fire and burned up , the second one worked fine for a month or so but now only the left charging station will actually charge anything.I 'd suggest normal AA rechargables , easier to find parts for .
 On the intial charge the battery melted and nearly ruined my Wiimote if I had n't checked on it and realized it felt a little too warm . Customer support offered to replace what they determined was a defective battery but declined to replace my Wiimote or give a refund . Great idea but it seems I am not the only one that is having problems with this product . If you have the money to risk it may work out for you but beware that it is a potential fire hazard and could at the very least ruin your Wiimote which cost $ 40 to replace . I wish I could give this thing a 0 or even negative stars . Buy at your own risk .
 Do not ... I repeat Do not buy this or any other charging stand . Nintendo told me today -LRB- 4/24/08 -RRB- that they are getting many calls from customers to their help line regarding remotes that stopped working and have been damaged beyond repair.Their recommendation was to stop using these chargers with rechargeable battery packs immediately.Not only that , they also said they will void your warranty.A clear indication this is true is Nintendo does not offer recharge stations for WII Remotes . Think about it and if you do n't believe me , call the Nintendo help line .
 I purchased mine a month ago . After about 2 weeks , one of the batteries went dead -LRB- the other worked fine in either controller -RRB- . I wrote their customer service , and they told me to return it at my expense and they 'd send me a new one . They then returned the battery and it still did n't work -- same problem . At the same time , the second battery went bad . Rather than pay more shipping , I just dropped it in the trash . I 'm using the stand , just not the batteries ...
 - I 've had the Wii Charge Station for just over 3 months and the cells are not holding a charge well enough to last through an hour of play . - The placement of the wiimotes in the cradle -LRB- as you have read -RRB- is finicky . You have to take the back off if you use the Wii Zapper -LRB- and probably anything else that the wiimote fits into -RRB- . - There 's a better solution to the wiimote rechargeable problem . `` They '' -LRB- you know , them -RRB- sell rechargeable `` AA 's '' that can charge in 15 minutes and last almost as long as an alkaline `` AA '' between charges . You can get four plus a quick charger for around the same price as the Wii Charge Station , less if you shop around . - I picked one of these up in October - I saw a Wii at a local store and jumped on it - I figured I would need some rechargeable batteries since I heard the wiimotes sucked down `` AA 's '' like a Bugatti Veyron sucks down hi-test at full speed -LRB- they do -RRB- . I think I paid $ 29 for it . It 's a good idea , just poorly executed . Get the quick chargers and look for the 2200 or 2500 mAh cells plus a charger for less money . And do n't even talk to me about buying replacement cells for $ 8 -LRB- plus -RRB- each when you can get replacement rechargeable `` AA 's '' at $ 9 for four ... And , you can buy more rechargeable `` AA 's '' if , for example , you bought that RC `` Spy Car '' for Christmas which takes a total of 12 , yes 12 , `` AA 's '' and chews them up almost as fast as a wiimote . 15 minutes a week or a headache every time you use it , your choice .
 Having had this for awhile now , I wish I had n't bought it.It has to be on the charger exactly in place to charge , and it never seems to charge them up all the way even if the LEDs change from blue to yellow/amber which is supposed to signal a full charge.Rechargeable batteries would be a better option , though not quite as convenient .
 I 'm a person who likes to reuse things when possible to save money and to be kinder to the environment , so rechargeables are a must . Unfortunately , I can not recommend this flimsy , unreliable product.At first glance , the product is impressive . It comes with a charging cradle that can charge two Wiimotes at a time , two rechargeable batteries and two rubber-coated covers for the backs of the Wiimotes . The special covers have square holes in them so that the small bit of metal from the battery can come in contact with the part of the charging station that charges the batteries . This is highly convenient , and the length of time it takes to recharge the batteries is reasonable . There 's also the added bonus of color-coded LEDs indicating when the batteries have finished charging -LRB- blue means juicing up and green means fully juiced -RRB- . All in all , it 's a standard , seemingly well-designed piece of equipment.However , I have experienced problems with it . I got this charging station from Best Buy years ago , and one of the batteries was defective right out of the box . Nyko was understanding and sent me a new battery in exchange for the one that did n't function . Yet somehow , both batteries ended up completely non-functional over a period of time -LRB- I 'd estimate a year or so , if even that -RRB- . I tried emailing Nyko to tell them that both batteries broke , but I never received a response . So I just gave up and went back to disposable batteries for the time being since I was using my Xbox 360 more than my Wii.I 'm not saying that you will necessarily have the same issues with this product , but I would n't be willing to take the risk again , even if it were cheaper . I recently decided to buy a model from a different company for $ 12 , including shipping , and I 'd be very surprised if it ended up disappointing me in the way Nyko 's charging station did .
 Be aware that this product is junk . The `` gold '' connectors do not make a solid connection with the remotes , which in turn causes intermittent charging . Additionally , the straps clearly are in the way , and the skins that we all have come to love are not compatible . Be prepared to remove the skins each time you drop your remotes into this charger.Unfortunately , this one was a waste of money ; we are returning it promptly .
 Purchased as part of a Christmas gift . Out of the box , one battery showed it was charging when in fact it was n't . On third attempt to charge battery , battery light stopped lighting up . Returned battery to Nyko . Replacement battery would n't charge and then the other battery stopped charging . From reading reviews , it seems this is a very common problem . New batteries are DOA and others just stop working after a short time . I am returning this piece of junk . And I am concerned this piece of junk is a fire hazard .
 This product worked for 1 charge for 1 of my controllers . On subsequent attempt to charge both remotes , the light turns blue to green within 30 seconds indicating a full charge and despite leaving the controller in for 18 hours , the neither remote has sufficient battery life to turn on the remote . I must therefore side with the other 1 star reviews and recommend that you stick with traditional batteries or rechargeables .
 I received this as a Christmas gift and was enthusiastic until I saw how it went together . The charging connection is on the back of the remote , which means that if the remote is in the rubber sleeve , you have to remove the sleeve to put it in the docking station and put the sleeve back on before you use the remote . If you have the MotionPlus mounted on your remote it 's even worse because the charging connector is then out of position to make contact . In that case you have to remove the sleeve and the MotionPlus in order to recharge the remote , then reinstall the MotionPlus and finally put the sleeve back on . Either way it 's less convenient than just using good high capacity rechargeable batteries . Really bad design all around .
 When I first purchased this charger , I thought it was the best thing to come out since sliced bread . The greatness however came to an end about 6 months into use when the batteries only held about a half hour charge . As I only play 5-15 hours a week , it would have been cheaper for me to stick with double-a batteries .
 Good idea , but it needs refining and quality control.Pros : * Saves you money on batteries * Charges quickly * Rubberized battery covers are better than originalsCons : * Poor quality . One of my batteries completely died after a few months of very casual use . * Ca n't be used with any kind of skin . * As others have noted , if the straps are attached , you 'll have to fiddle around with Wiimote in the cradle to get it to stay charging . It 's beyond me why they would n't make a channel or something so the straps would stay out of the way.I would n't recommend this particular charger .
 Sadly , I have to agree with the other 80 1-star reviews . This charger is finicky and poorly made . If you do n't put the Wiimotes in the charger EXACTLY right , they do not make contact and do n't charge . Now , after six months of use , our charger does n't work at all anymore , no matter how carefully you place the Wiimote into the base . Amazon has this on sale today for a great price , but I will not be wasting another dime on it . Instead I am going to do like another reviewer suggested and purchase some rechargeable AA 's .
 I bought this about a year ago . Pros and Cons are simple and overwhelming.Pro - After a lot of work it actually will charge a batteryCons-1 . One of two batteries died within months2 . Charging a battery is near impossible . The easiest way is to totally remove the strap and totally remove the back cover . Even after this it is a balancing act to get the light to come on that shows it is charging.In the end this is complete junk . I would n't wish this thing on my enemy . I am looking for something else since we just started playing the Wii again . Maybe rechargable AA batteries is the easiest with these things .
 Well , I was wondering - before I bought it - that it would be nice and useful to have a way to keep the controls always charged without having to open and taking of the AA batteries for recharge . It should be like that . But it was not like that . After some -LRB- very few of them -RRB- recharges the problems started
 I really loved the idea of the charging station because I 'm sick of buying batteries every other week . I was dissapointed when one of the batteries stopped working after five weeks of use . Plus when it did work the charge did n't last as long as regular batteries .
 This Charge station is well design except the batteries suck . One of my batteries in the first set does not work . I have better luck with second set - both batteries work . However , the remotes always have to be in charger if I do n't play ; otherwise , they will loose all energy after a day or so . When using these batteries , the remotes kept resync with console - very annoying . I would rather spend money on standard rechargable batties . They work better . You can buy four or five sets for the same cost . These look pretty but do n't waste you money on them ...
 I bought one of these and a battery did not work at all so i called the manufacturer and they said that i needed to pay shipping to send it to them and ten wait 5-6 WEEKS . So I took it to the store and returned it instead and the next one had a defective battery as well . Better off just buying rechargeable AA batteries instead . It 's a piece of junk and the company has awful customer service .
 Find every other one-star rating - there is a recurring consistency here . The problems may not start the day you buy it , but this product is trash .
 Purchased this as I have a Wii and needed a charging station but when received the product did not work so I had to return
 This was great bought for my husband when we were dating , the one side stopped charging after about 4 months and does not work at all now
 I was hoping the negatives were just flukes on this one , but alas , no . The first remote started losing capacity with a month . By 3 months one battery did n't work anymore .
 Just buy some rechargable Ni Metal Hydride Rechargable camera batteries and a charger and you do n't need this thing .
 We got this for christmas , so I ca n't vouch for how well the batteries hold up , but it takes some fiddling with to get the remotes charging in the base as the wrist strap blocks it from contacting the charger correctly . The directions say to keep it charging at all times when not in use , and that 's what we 've done . No problems thus far .
 An absolute DO NOT BUY.Purchased the unit and it worked well for several months , at which point it inexplicably ceased functioning . Wrote to NYKO and received decent customer service - received a new unit in the mail . New unit worked for several minutes and also stopped functioning.One of the worst products I 've ever purchased . It 's not even worth the four dollars to send it back again and get another new one .
 I have had this thing for a few months . Neither pack will take a full charge . My Wii says one is completely dead -LRB- 0 out of 4 bars -RRB- and the light goes blue in the charger -LRB- meaning its charging -RRB- for about 20 seconds then it goes green -LRB- stating it is fully charged -RRB- and stops charging.It is also difficult to get the controllers to fit in the base correctly . I would have given this heap of junk a 0 stars rating if possible . You can read my other reviews , I do n't normally bash a product , I deleted my previous review where I was at 4 stars , but still did n't like how the remotes fit in the base.SAVE your $ and buy good quality rechargable batteries . This thing is a waste of cash .
 I must 've gotten the only charge station with a faulty battery . I was pretty excited to get this , only to find that one of the battery packs would n't hold a charge at all . If it had n't been for that I would 've been behind this product 100 % .
 the batteries shake around inside the wii remote and constantly cause the remote to disconnect . Very annoying . Eventually i just switched back to normal batteries
 Of my 2 wiimotes , one works great with this system but the other wiimote will not turn on at all with the rechargable battery . Both wiimotes look exactly the same , and both work fine with regular batteries . This product simply does not work with all wiimotes , and they completely failed to warn me about this before I purchased .
 I have not contacted the manufacturer yet , but this product contained two chargeable batteries and the charging cradle . One of the batteries will not hold a charge
 I did meet all power requirements and used it outside the US with the power convertor and it failed miserably . It did work for approx 6 months but did not later .
 first of all , the batteries never lasted as long as cheap batteries a bought in the store . they were never seen as fully charged after they charged all night . and it broke when my charge station fell on the ground . a one foot drop broke my nyko charge station . my wii fell from a 3 foot height once , it only as a crack to show it .
 ... to realize these are a P.O.S. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Got home just now to find these on my doorstep . I was excited.I opened the box , opened both chargers , plugged them into the wall , put Wii remotes in the cradles , and 2 minutes later all blue lights turned to green !!! It literally took me 5 minutes to do all of that and these worthless chargers went from blue leds -LRB- means charging in progress -RRB- to green leds -LRB- meaning fully charged -RRB- in 2 minutes ???? I messed with them for 5 minutes trying to get em to stay blue and actually charge the dead batteries ... NOPE ... worthless chargers -LRB- or batteries -RRB- ???? . After looking at mostly positive reviews I figured i 'd take a chance on these.SHAME ON ME !!!
 It worked fine , until I noticed that I started sucking at Guitar Hero . I tried the other remote , and I did better , so I figured it must be the remote . After charging , I noticed that the bad remote was way hotter than the good one . I read reviews on here and saw that other people have had overheating problems , too.One remote is still fine , but I 'm having doubts . I 've had it for about 3 months . Rechargeable AA batteries might be a better choice ; they 're less expensive .
 I bought this a few weeks ago . Worked for about one week then could n't get the lights to stay light for a charge . I wish it worked . Should me a great product .
 Came broken direct in package -- one side had the connectors smashed , so it wo n't charge a remote on that side . I would recommend buying this someplace where you can physically see what you are buying instead of online .
 Purchased one , it broke . Returned the first one , got a replacement and the second one broke in the same place . Very poorly made .
 GAVE ONE STAR , BECAUSE ZERO WAS N'T AN OPTIONPiece of crap product . I bought two of Nyko 's Wii Charge Stations under the impression that these battery packs could hold a charge for extended periods of time . I can not get a charge -LRB- on any of the four packs -RRB- to last more than ninety minutes . That is total crap.I contacted Nyko Industries about replacing the battery packs and they gave me an address to send them -LRB- at my own expense -RRB- to be replaced . The schmuck on the phone said it would take at least two weeks to receive the replacements.DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM NYKO . THEIR PERIPHIALS ARE THIRD-RATE GARBAGE . BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK . IF YOU DO YOU ARE ONLY ASKING FOR TROUBLE . DO N'T SAY YOU HAVE N'T BEEN WARNED .
 Once you buy this product you will never again purchase anything made by Nyko.It is complete junk.The first time you put the controller in to charge it is nearly impossible to position it correctly to make contact . The contacts bend and misalign very easily so your second attempt at charging , after a mere hour or so of playing , it will be even harder to get it to charge.Even taking off the wrist strap does n't make lining up the controller in the charger easier.You can buy a years worth of AA batteries for what this costs AND save yourself a lot of frustration.If Amazon continues to sell Nyko products they should consider allowing zero star ratings .
 I just got this product last night and have n't had any technical issues -LRB- yet -RRB- . I 've only had my Wii Console for about a week . I tried the charge station battery pack with the rubberized battery cover and doing so totally changed the feel of the remote and affected my game play . I had been playing Animal Crossing and had my moves down . I had a hard time doing ANYTHING with the rubberized battery cover on the remote . I could n't stand it and had to take it off . If your sensitive to this type of issue , I would n't recommend it at all . Why could n't this product be manufactured without having to use a special back ?? Makes you wonder .
 There are plenty of review regarding the problem with the battery failure and the damage it has caused to Wii remotes . However , my experience with the device was bad but for different reasons .1 -RRB- I am generally not very clumsy person , but this thing is juts plain flimsy . The remote sit two close together , and the pin that holds the bottom of the remote is too short . I have knocked one remote out of the charger while reaching for the other . Do not put near an open window , a light breeze will knock the remote form the charger .2 -RRB- This is my major complaint . I generally only use the Wii for light gun shooting games . Nintendo still does that better than anyone . However , the rechargeable battery is slightly larger than a standard AA battery , so they had to make battery compartment door a bit wider . It is really not noticeable when you are holding the remote , however it is juts wide enough to prevent the remote from fitting in to the Wii Zapper . Whenever I wanted to play a Wii Zapper game , I need to replace the batteries with standard batteries.It is not bargain at $ -LSB- ... -RSB- , nor is it a bargain at the $ 40.00 that I paid for it . I have returned mine and then stopped at radio shack and bought a nice battery charger and a set of 8 rechargeable batteries . When the battery is low , I remove the batteries and stick them in the charger . I always keep set in the charger and a set in the controller . And it cost a mere $ -LSB- ... -RSB- , less than half he cost of this junk.Save yourself the trouble , do not purchase this item .
 A great idea , but poor design . Must remove skins and move wrist straps out of the way to charge . I could have lived with that inconvenience , but the first time my son dropped his remote , the rechargeable battery stopped working/charging . The remote itself is fine and works with regular batteries , but the rechargeable battery is no longer usable . Do n't waste your money unless you plan to be very careful in how you handle remotes with the rechargeables .
 I bought this with high hopes . I read a review online that said it worked well even if it would take a little while to make it pay for itself . -LRB- I do n't know if I 'm able to reference outside sites but the site is made of three letters
 When I first opened this and set it up , it was hard to keep the wii mote balanced in place , but that was okay . It seemed to charge fine , but now 6 months later , the system is completely broken . I do n't know whats wrong but it does n't work right . It automatically stops charging way too early and when I go to play with the supposedly charged batteries , they are drained in a matter of minutes . I eventually broke down and bought some real rechargable batteries from RadioShack .
 The battery pack works for about a half day of playing -LRB- 8 hours or so -RRB- in the beginning . Have had these for several months , rarely used and am really disappointed with the battery life now . Ca n't even play for 4 hours . I get so much more life using rechargeable AA batteries -LRB- definitely recommend getting 2000 mA at least -RRB- . These can last about a week and you get a pack of 4 , serving the same purpose -LRB- for two Wiis -RRB- . And for the price of this setup you can get 3 packs of the AAs or 2 packs with a rapid 1-2 hour charger -LRB- definitely recommended -RRB- , so you always have batteries available and can use the AAs for other stuff .
 Dear Amazon , Thanks for sending me my order on time . However I had a hard time putting the rechargeable battery in the Wii controller . Whenever I put that in it gets stuck . I could n't figure out what I am doing wrong . I followed the instructions in booklet that came along with it .
 There 's nothing wrong with this , it works fine . But the WII remote can last a very , very long time of regular batteries . We would have been fine to just use regular battteries instead of the expense of this .
 This thing just does n't work.One of the batteries does n't charge and the other one last 10 minutes.DONT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!
 I am extremely unhappy with this product we have never been able to get it to work
 I 've got this Wii Charge Station in the mail on 05/14/2011 . We let it charge over night so on the 05/15/2011 which was yesterday . We started playing star wars . After 30min the batteries died . So we charged it again and now today on 05/16/2011 . It lasted for about 30 more minutes , But everytime I put it on the charger it keeps showing a `` green light '' which means charged . I did not contact customers services because they will ask me to return it . Then I 'll have to take the time out of my day and mail it back to amazon , plus pay for it . I 'm really shocked I 've never had any problems with Amazon until now . I for one will never buy any electronics from Amazon again .
 I bought this at target and when i brought it home i wanted to test it out . I put the controller in and it got stuck , when i pulled it out the metal pins riped right off . Cheap Chinese made piece of junk .
 I 'm not the first to say this , and I probably wo n't be the last , but this product does n't work.What a waste of money .
 Terribly Designed , You Must Either Remove The Strap Every Time You Want To Charge Or Very Very Carefully Wiggle The Controller Into Just The Right Position To Charge . More Often Than Not , I Find The Remote -LRB- s -RRB- Dead Because Someone Was Not Careful In Placing Into The Charger . $ 30 + Shipping Will Buy Quite A Few Batteries . Alkaline Cells Far Outlast These As Well . Great Idea , Terrible Design ...
 do not buy this or any other kind of wii remote charger where u have a different pack.This product voids your warranty and may break your wii remote . I know from experience . I called nintendo staff and they told me that it was products like this that broke my remote . It also voided the warranty so if i wanted to get it fixed , instead of getting a free repair i had to -LSB- ay to get it repaired . If you already have it STOP USING ITThe only type of rechargeable batteries u should buy are the kind were they can only be recharged wehn taken out and put into a spereate charger like DURACELL DIV . OF P & G 18035 RECHARGEABLE PRECHARGED BATTERIES - AAA 4PK
 Fried my controllers . . the battery melted and ruined my WII controller . . Then the company who makes the charger -LRB- not APPLE -RRB- refused to replace the controller
 It is very hard to keep the sensors aligned so that the batteries actually charge . I would not purchase this again given the choice .
 Placing the Wiimotes in the cradle is extremely finnicky . The blue lights mean it 's charging , green when it 's ready to go . When I place 2 dead wiimotes into it , it 's difficult to get the cradle to accept/read them , then after about 10 seconds of the blue light being on , they turn to green to indicate they are charged , when in fact they are still dead . Going to get a normal rechargeable battery pack with charger tomorrow . Worthless .
 This is my first ever review . Normally , I would n't have bothered , but this is such a poor quality device that I had to try to steer you all clear of it . Honestly , this machine did work for me for a few months , but after that , it stopped registering that there was even something there to charge . The station itself is lopsided in a way that makes the metal on the station meet the metal on the battery pack at an awkward angle that has often had to be tampered with.On top of that , after much angling of my own , the charge station was often finicky about recognizing when the pack was done charging . There is a bright blue light for when the station is charging the Wii Remote , and a dull green one for when the charge is complete . I often ran a battery completely down , put it on the charger , and had that dull green light pop up within seconds . No , it does not mean that it can charge that quickly ... This machine WILL NOT last you and IS NOT a good buy . There are other charging stations out there . Steer clear .
 We 've had this charger several years , and though it does the job it is really frustrating to use . You have to set the remotes just so , or they wo n't charge . It takes a lot wiggling around , and even when you get them in the right spot for a second , often you let go and the light goes off ... and you have to start over again !
 We bought this same model of charger for our wii remotes . The rechargeable battery packs have to be inside the remote to charge them , which is sort of a pain , and if you do not set them in the charger * just so * they do not recharge . Not terribly hard for me to put them in correctly , but seemingly impossible for my young children.The unit died recently and the battery packs do not accept a charge . Instead of replacing the packs , I 'm just going to replace the entire unit .
 I can never get the Wii remotes to sit in this correctly . I have had it for three years just have given up on trying to balance it in the cradle right for it to keep a connection to the back to charge it .
 It 's better to buy rechargeable batteries like Sanyo 's Eneloop brand because they hold a longer charge . And the Nyko 's seem to loose charge a bit to soon even when not in use .
 This item worked great - for about a month . For this price I would expect it to last longer but it has stopped charging the batteris even though the light tunrs green as if it is fully charged -LRB- how annoying is that when you go to play thinking the remote is charged & it 's not ! -RRB- . My friend has the same system & the same problem so I know it is not a fluke . I suggest buying something cheaper , or as another posted suggested , rechargeable batteries .
 The battery pack stopped working for one of the two provided . And we had only had it for one year ! One time we used it it complained that one of the remotes had low battery -LRB- we figured it was the two that have normal batteries , and replaced those but the message would not go away . -RRB- The next time we tried to play , one of the controllers would not turn on ! When we put regular batteries in that controller it did turn on . Thats how we knew it was the battery pack.Also , we always struggled to get the WiiMotes to sit on the charging station just right so that they would charge . The wrist strap gets in the way and prevents them from making a good connection .
 I bought this about a year ago and it has suddenly killed my Wii Remote ! I tried to sync it , but the lights will not turn on no matter what I do . I called Nintendo to complain , and they told me they received a lot of problems just like this with this specific charger ! When I bought it , I knew it was n't approved by Nintendo , but I never thought this would happen ! Now I have to see if the store I bought the remote from will return it past warranty . Does anyone know if there is an approved charger ? The Wii Charge Station by Nyko - great while it does n't kill your remote .
 La idea era ahorrarme un dinero en el uso de los controles del WII . Pero resulta que las bater&iacute;as recargables NO duraron mucho -LRB- se da & ntilde ; aron -RRB- y conseguir el repuesto genera un sobre costo . Termine comprando pilas AA recargables -LRB- que se consiguen en todos lados -RRB- y hasta ahora no he tenido que botar a la basura ninguna de esas pilas . Considero que con esta unidad he mal gastado un dinero ya que la base de carga quedo para botarla a la basura y los m&oacute;dulos de carga nada se puede hacer con ellos por que ya no quieren recibir recarga .
 This worked for less than a year , and when it did charge it was difficult to get the connection right . While it did save on batteries while it worked , there was a problem with it from the beginning .
 Bought this to go with the Wii system in June . Have tried everything , but can not get one of the battery packs to take a charge . The Dock says it 's charged , but the remote wo n't turn on.Double AA batteries are not expensive enough to be worth the trouble of this product !
 I got this quite some time ago and was wondering why the charger packs were not charging while it was plugged in and the remotes in exact position ! There was some problems with some of these chargers that did not charge due to some defect where the little button thing on the station that presses against the charger did n't always make contact with the remote , which seemed to be my case.I dumped it and simply rely on regular brand name rechargable batteries and my Duracell AA/AAA 4 battery charger instead as I did before I purchased this . I only did buy the charger to see if it would have been more convenient but it was more of a hassle to me.Read up on reviews and stuff before switching from a normal battery charger before buying this , because it may be more trouble than it should be .
 We have had our charger for about 3 weeks now . We love the grips on the battery pack , and not using all those batteries ! I do agree that the remotes with wrist strap attached require a little finesse to get them aligned and charging properly . A minor annoyance , really . The major annoyance ? Our remotes do not work anymore ! All of a sudden one day they wo n't power on , wo n't sync with the Wii . They just flash all four led 's and stay dead . An email to Nyko is still unanswered -LRB- they broke Friday night and customer service is closed -RRB- , but I doubt either they or Nintendo will replace our remotes as Nyko products are unlicensed accessories for the Wii . We will be using rechargeable batteries from now on - after we shell out for two brand new remotes , that is ! Save yourself $ 110 for the charger and two new remotes and get a good quality set of rechargeable batteries !
 I am not a heavy Wii player . I play it enough to make it worth the purchase , but I am not spending hours a week using the system . With that being said , I do not need to charge my wii motes that often . I bought this because the wii motes chew through batteries and it save me money , hassle , and the environment . Unfortunately , my charge station broke in 2 months . To say that this product is of low quality is an understatement . It really has no quality . Big disappoint , and I will definitively not make the same mistake twice .
 Initially , this looked like the best product in the world . Our Wiimotes were always charged and ready to go . Then after a few months the charger stopped working . Now we have to take the battery cover off and CAREFULLY balance the Wiimote on the base . If the base is jostled at all , they will stop charging . Absolutely horrible !!! I 've never had a more difficult time charging any other cradled cordless devices , such as phones and drills . In its current form , do not buy ! They really need to make the contacts bigger and better . I prefer it even more if someone just dropped the cradle altogether and allowed a mini-USB charger to charge the battery , like a cell phone !
 We are now on our 3rd set . Every 2 months or so either the batteries stop charging or the cradle stops working . Yes , we know you have to push the controllers in carefully and yes , our kinds know how to be careful with their precious WII.All I can say is that this is not build to last and client service at NYKO is non-existent . Every time we ended up contacting Amazon in the end.JUNK JUNK JUNKUpdate after 9 months
 I purchased two of these because I have 4 Wiimotes . During the first couple of weeks , everything was fine . Then one of the batteries failed , and I got a replacement . There was a defect in that one that did not allow it to make connection at the charger at all . Replaced again . Now it 's been 6 months - two of them hold almost no charge , one is passable but definitely short lived , and the last one seems to work as new.The poor quality batteries somehow seem to be able to lock the controller out , so I have to remove the batteries , put them back and resynch.The stations themselves are touchy , and you have to be really careful to get the lights on so it 's charging . Even then , the malfunctioning batteries can do some pretty weird things with the lights - blinking blue , then green , fast , then slow.This is a terrible product and should be avoided . I 've given up on it , and plan to use standard rechargeables .
 This product is very unreliable . It takes some jiggling around of the Wiimote in the charger to get the `` I 'm charging '' light to come on . When the light comes on sometimes it goes green -LRB- charged -RRB- almost immediately . Swapping controllers in different positions sometimes rectifies this problem , but sometimes it does n't make any difference . When you can get it to charge the battery life is great , which is the only reason for giving this product a 2 star review instead of 1 . Also they might have been able to put the charging contacts in a different place , as they seem to get a little corroded from hand sweat and grime due to intense game play ! Disposable batteries are not the answer , but I would seek other options before buying this product .
 This charger was great for about the first two weeks , and then it just stopped cutting it . When you put the remote in the base a blue light comes on to let you know that it is charging . When it is completly charged , the light turns green . At first , the blue -LRB- charging -RRB- light would stay on for several hours before it would turn green . Then turn the Wii on and check the battery level on screen by pressing the `` home '' button on the remote . Full charge !! Great !! But then , I started noticing that the blue light was n't staying on as long , and when I 'd check it 's charge level on screen it was n't completly charged . Hmmmm , that kind of sucks . Now , I put the remote in the charger and the blue light stays on for all of 10 seconds before showing the green light . The Wii remote seems to have trouble making contact with the metal connections when sitting in the base . I 've tried cleaning the connectors , I 've tried setting the remote in the charger differently , I 've even tried taking the back cover off in hopes that it would allow the connections to come together better . It does n't matter which side I use , or which battery , they are both acting up . Maybe the batteries are just junk and have gone dead . I do n't really know . All I know is that I ca n't play games with a dead remote , and that 's what NYKO has given me , a dead remote . At least I did n't spend a lot of money on this product . I 'm considering buying a different brand and trying my luck with it . I would suggest if you are looking for a Wii remote recharge station , stay away from this one .
 Nyko charger is slow . It takes 3-4 hours to fully recharge the battery . Moreover , I need to completely remove Wii Jacket , so Wii Remote can fit into this charger . It is troublesome to remove the jacket and put it on again , so I sold this charger . -LSB- . . -RSB- Instead , I bought Duracell 15-minute charger with 4 AA NiMH rechargeable batteries . It charges 16 times faster . I can easily flip open half of Wii Jacket , change 2 batteries , and close it again . -LSB- ... -RSB- This charger can charge AA or AAA NiMH batteries . AA batteries work in Wii Remote , Wii FIT , and digital cameras . I bought 8 more as backup . -LSB- ... -RSB- P.S. New Wii Remote comes with a non-slip rubber Wii Jacket . If you have old Wii Remote , please ask Nintendo to send you a Wii Jacket free . -LSB- . . -RSB-
 Thought this would be a great alternative to continuously changing batteries and it was for about 3 months . It worked for about 3 months and will no longer hold a charge - same thing happened to our neighbors unit . Have had much better luck with energizer NIMH rechargeable batteries .
 Pros-comes with 2 batteries and two chargers-small and easy to use-better then other charge stations out there right now for wii -LRB- friend has tried others that are more finicky -RRB- Cons-Controller has to sit in charge station in order to charge battery so that controller is out of commission . Ideally , I would like to be able to disconnect battery , plug into charger and swap new ones in to continue playing.-Doesnt always connect properly to charger , but the charger will still show that its charging . There have been a couple times were I would charge it for a couple of hours pull it off and it is still dead.VerdictWorth getting until something better comes out . I also have the `` quick charge kit '' for the xbox360 and it is 100 times better then this kit -LRB- quick charge kit is quicker to charge , longer life , charges without controller attached , always connects -RRB- . If Nintendo released their own kit or someone releases a better one , like the quick charge kit , I would throw this one away and buy the new .
 The charging station might actually work , however , the Wii remotes I charged with this thing no longer function properly . The infrared signal from the remotes jumps around so much that using them is just impossible . In holding the remotes while trying to use my Wii I can even feel the internal mechanisms sputtering . I was hopeful that if I went back to batteries the problem would stop . THEY DID N'T ! Now , both of my remotes are useless . If there was a rating lower than zero it would still be too high for this product !
 The idea is a great one , the quality of the construction is excellent , the charge time is admirable , but there is one glaring problem with this product -- the Wii remote wo n't charge if it has a strap attached ! The loop in the skinny string that attaches the strap to the bottom of the Wii remote lifts it up off the stand just high enough to keep it from making a connection . Pulling the strap to the side and wiggling the remote around to place it just so will eventually result in the charge light flicking on , but it 's way too much hassle . It 's usually just easier to take off the strap -- not exactly a quick and simple operation considering it needs to be done EVERY TIME you are done playing.I have a feeling I got one of the earlier models as some reviews seem to indicate that there is a channel off the side into which the skinny string of the strap will fit , keeping it out of the way.My recommendation -- before buying , make sure yours has this channel , otherwise you 'll be very frustrated .
 Our Wii does not work with these batteries . They dont appear to sinc . Nintendo customer support will not support nor will the recommend their use . Why dont they provide their own docking station/battery recharging system ?
 If you buy the wii play game that particular controller does not work with this charging system.the controller that came with the nintendo works great , the one that came with wii play has japanese writing on the side of it instead of english and for some reason it does not charge . maybe its just the particular one that I received.I would just spend the cash on rechargable battery station & double A batteries , pretty much the same price and you can use it for anything you want , including your wii controllers .
 Do n't buy the charge station . It will work for about 4 charges and then it will partially charge only one charger . Then it wo n't even do that.Good idea but this charger does n't work . It is a waste of money .
 It never worked from day 1 . Once you fool with it enough , it will sit in the charger and charge the battery until the LED turns green . However - the remote will not turn on , it will not reset - it does absolutely nothing . Take your $ 40 and buy some batteries .
 I found out it was not compatible with my Wii due to it a China Product and my Wii is English.Maybe I can get help .
 I bought this charger at Wii launch . It work well for a while but now it seems to have problems charging even new replacement batteries . It 's disappointing that it did n't last longer . I 'm considering trying some other way of keeping my Wiimotes charged now .
 The batteries last for about 3-4 months and then need replacement . Look elsewhere . Do not buy this junk .
 For the first few days this product worked just great . Then we noticed a problem with the left charger station . We thought perhaps we were placing the controller on it incorrectly however after some experimentation we learned otherwise . Trying the right charger station we found we were able to easily charge any remote but continued to struggle with the left station.We ended up calling and emailing the manufacturer . After a week of calling/emailing we 've given up . They simply will not return your calls . I 've spoken with other 's who have purchased the product and I 'm hearing similar problems.I 'm sure some people have had a good experience with the product however we 've returned it and are purchasing the other one which does n't require the sleeves to be removed to charge . We 'll see if it works better or not.My family is very disappointed with this company and their refusal to resolve the problem with their product .
 Very short game play once batteries have been charged a few times . Would not purchase again .
 Worked great for 6 months and then slowly stopped charging . I suspect it is because of the location of the contacts . They are on the back of the battery and sweat from your hands can corrode the contacts . I tried cleaning the contacts with alcohol , but eventually the unit stopped charging .
 had this charger the first day we bought wii and never worked . took it back to the store and they would n't take the refund . instead they told us to press reset on the charging station ... but all we got was rust on the metal part of the rechargeable battery . as of now it 's somewhere in the house . very UNRELIABLE !! i suggest getting a rechargeable batteries rather than this charging station ...
 I originally purchased this charger on March 27 , 2010 . By mid-June it had stopped working . Both cradles would turn green indicating that the remotes were charged when they were not . Amazon replaced my defective charger with a new one and already -LRB- now mid September -RRB- , one of the cradles has stopped working.I contacted Nyko and they told me to send them my defective product - at my expense - and that it will take 2 - 3 weeks for them to send me a new one . Absolutely horrible!I am fed up with products made by this company . I 'm simply going to replace the product with something more durable from a more reputable company .
 Poor quality . have to set them in the charger just right because the strap gets in the way . also the charger and batteries suck . a drained battery had the full charge light come on 5 seconds after putting it in the charger . remotes that have been left on the charger for days only have 1/2 charge when removed . do n't think I will by Nyko junk again . Lastly , why is the star rating for this review calling it a game ?
 This is not a good charger . It does not hold the same type of charge as my other station for the Wii . After the remote is charged it still does not have full battery life . I am very disappointed in this product and would not recommend .
 I read other reviews on this product that were not favorable , however I decided to give it try . Shame on me . The charging station itself is a nice looking unit . That 's all that 's good about it . The tech support for this product is a waste of time as well.It will not charge the batteries that comes with the unit . The light turns green after just a few minutes . The remote has time to flash once before the charge is gone . I attempted everything the tech support said and even attempted only charging one remote at a time . Nothing seemed to work . They said they will send me two more battery packs . I doubt that will do a thing . Oh well . I suggest you save your money . Invest in a much better unit .
 Was good while it lasted , but after about three or four months of use it just gave up the ghost and stopped working altogether . No idea why , but we tossed it and purchased a different charger . Wish it had a longer life .
 This is the first review I have ever posted ; I am writing this that I csn let other people know how poorly this charge station is made . I have used it for three days now and about ten minutes ago I noticed my remote suddently died while playing - strange because the remote had been charging all day . When I opened the back to look at the battery pack , I noticed that the battery was melted and emitting a liquid . You can see melting damage in the back of the wiimote but it works so far . Do n't buy this piece of junk - I warned you !
 Pros : - Wiimote is always ready to play with a full charge - Design blends in to the Wiimote perfectly so you do n't `` feel '' it.Cons : - You have to wiggle them when you put them back int the charger to make the contacts line up - minor inconvenience . - Based on where the charge contacts are , and the need to place in a cradle , you can not use the rubber jackets
 What a bad product . I 've been trying to charge the battery packs for 4 weeks now - with little success . I 've got one battery pack that gets hot but never charges - and another pack that can only be charged less than half-way . This product is a waste of time and money . You 're better off buying rechargeable AA 's for your Wii remotes . Skip this product .
 The Wii Charge Station Seamed like a good idea at the time we bought it ! No more AA batteries being wasted sounded like a great idea . But then after one week of use the first section of the wii remote charger broke . Then later the secound one started to go on the fritz . I can Charge one of my wii remotes sometimes but usually it just turns to green -LRB- meaning it is done charging -RRB- a secound after putting my remote on . I strongly sugest not buying this product , it is usless and a waste of money . Just stick to the AA batteries !
 This charging system is really aggervating to use . the contact pins andplates , are near the top end of the battery so the contact pressure is nill , you have to constantly wiggle , push , move arround , just rite in orderto make contact , for the light to glow . and everything is opposite , from the first one I bought it had a fan in it and holds the wii . That one works perfect.the contacts are in the lower half of battery , It has more contact pressure.This charger makes it impossable to interchange remotes from one charger to another . I had no need for a charger with a fan . this was the only choice left . I WOULD NOT RECCOMEND THIS CHARGER ! unless you have a lot of time to wiggel the remotes , and hope they make contact .
 Good idea but not well done . The right side charger of mine didnt work and had to be returned , both batteries were fine . For the side that did work I had to jiggle the controller a bit to get the light to come on since there was no where to put the strap . Hopefully another comapny will come out with a better product .
 YES - BAD QUALITY ! Both of the batteries that came with this product shorted out within two weeks of purchase , and with minimum use . Avoid this bad quality product . Too bad , because otherwise the design was excellent .
 I was so excited to find a wireless sensor bar . We have a TV that hangs on the wall and the wire was distracting . My problem is that the sensor bar does not stick to the underside of the TV . To stick it to the top of the TV takes away much of the ease using the remote . i.e. the `` hand '' you need to make selections is difficult to bring up . When I used double sided tape to stick it on the bottom of the TV the sensor worked much better but it fell off quickly . BUMMER !
 After My wii sensor died I went to the store to purchase a new one , The wireless one was my only option so thought it may be a little more convienient but I was unfortunatly mistaken , the sensor is certainly operational and works , but not for long , 4X AA batteries may get you 4-5 hours of play I went through a 20 pack of batteries within a month while the wii controllers did just fine with 2X AA batteries , Needless to say it just kept killing my batteries and I use Energizer and duracell with the same results , Finally I just logged in to Nintendo 's store and ordered a wired one to save the money and headaches , if you buy this product be prepaired to be purchasing batteries like Gas .
 I bought it so I could use it in my apartment with my projector and the signal simply did n't reach far enough to make it worth it . It did n't even reach as far as the normal wii bar with any sort of accuracy so I could n't see a practical use of it .
 The wireless sensor is great if your Wii to far from where you need the sensor or you do n't like cables -LRB- though the cable is so small , I do n't see how this would be a problem -RRB- . The main issues with the Sensor Bar are as follows :1 . The bar eats a lot of batteries . My wife and I get a game we bought actually enjoyed together and between the two of us , the fresh batteries died in two days .2 . The bar 's ` auto-shut off ' does not always shut off ... leading to further draining more batteries .3 . When the bar does auto-shuts off , sometimes it is during play break time which often leads to issues with continuing game play -LRB- some games will not `` unfreeze '' -RRB- .4 . The bar is just not as accurate as a wired one , especially as the batteries start to fade . Leading you to replace the batteries BEFORE they are dead .
 It has a short battery life and it is a hassle replaceing batterys every other time I use the wii
 Okay , i can see how this might work for some people who dont play often , but if you do play alot , , it is not convenient.It does not eat the battery up , but it is a pain for it to go dead in the middle of a game !!! And as the batteries get lower , you have to be closer to it ... Honestly , I really do n't like it at all !!!
 bar has a limited range and does n't work as well as the one that came with the system and plugs in .
 like the first guy said this thing does nothing nothing nothing . it can not communicate with the wii . so if you ran over your wire with the vacuum do not but this to replace your wii sensor bar
 Using this wireless sensor since the dinky wire wo n't reach my new setup . Instantly I have noticed how much WORSE this sensor is . Shaky response forces my to re-position all the time , yet its in the exact same place as the sensor that came with my Wii . Poor choice . I would not buy this again . I wish they made an extension wire so I would n't have to hack my own wire ... but I am considering it given how crappy this wireless one is .
 I purchased this wireless bar for my daughters Wii at Christmas ... I have to say ... it 's a pretty pointless device , to date we have removed it and it does n't seem to make any difference , other than flatten batteries ... this is thing is complete waist of time , save your cash and spend it on something like another controller or a charging station ... this is not an item worth buying .
 The box said we could be back 8 feet and it would work . Actually , we had to be within 2 feet of it usually . It is just a big battery waster . Do n't buy it . Buy a wired sensor bar if you need a replacement .
 it beeps for no reason and does n't work when you are sitting 20 feet away from the tv
 I bought this at EB with hopes that it would add the promised extra distance . I found that at 15 feet of distance my onscreen pointer would vanish until I moved the remote to 10 feet . Also , the bar is much bigger and looks lame on top of my TV .
 Specified on the page was a Nyko Wii Wireless Sensor Bar , instead recieved some `` Hais '' brand that does not compare . Also received item at the end of a 21 business day waiting period . Slow transaction , definitely unsatisfied .
 It looks like a waste of batteries.An makeshift alternative would be placing 2 other light sources on top of either side of your TV , like candles . The sensor bad just emmits invisible rays that candles and flashlights also emmit .
 My kids play wii quite a bit , and they jump about like monkeys in the process . This sucker , despite the grips on the bottom of the unit , loves to leap off its solid perch and smash about on the floor . So its quite easily broken . That said , it has the best range of all of the wireless sensors we 've used so far .
 I bought this product to play Wii from further away . I have a 55 '' TV and a large living room , so I 'm perhaps 12 or 15 feet from the TV . Most games work fine , but some complain and tell me to get closer to the TV.I get an extra ... foot of range out of this thing . Regular sensor bar unplugged , regular sensor bar plugged in , I get one step more away from the TV . Still 2 steps from the chair . No help whatesoever.If you hate the cord , or it wo n't reach , or the cat eats it , this might be for you . If you want more range ... keep looking . Maybe my problem is that I 'm not directly in-line with the TV -LRB- perpendicular to the plane of the screen -RRB- . If that 's your problem , keep looking .
 Ok , when buying this wireless sensor bar , I thought it would turn out to be a great deal . Not only was it cheaper than a `` wired '' sensor bar , but also it provides the freedom to move it around without tangling cords . Well , I was wrong . This item is a piece of junk ! It worked ok for the first week or so , but then it just crapped out . The so called `` sensor '' did n't pick up anything from the Wii remote -LRB- and yes , I was closer than the allotted 25 '' away -RRB- . The battery compartment is too tight to house 4 AA batteries , that when I attempted to change them out , something inside snapped and now the batteries move around , not registering a connection . Avoid purchasing this product at all costs . Fork out the extra $ 5 bucks and get a wired sensor bar , you 'll have a lot less of a headache to deal with , let alone throwing $ -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks away ...
 This sensor bar is HORRIBLE . It 's the worse most frustrating piece of technology I 've ever owned . To start it uses 4 prehistoric double A batteries and it consumes the 4 batteries at a ridiculously alarming rate . Another con is this sensor bar does n't actually turn off even though there 's a power button , it 's rhetoric and very very inconvenient having to remove all 4 batteries from the sensor to turn it off . Yes , all 4 ... This junk somehow SOME WAY manages to kill itself even if the incorrect amount of batteries is in place . It does n't work from far away -LRB- yes , I 've played with the sensor settings -RRB- the hand mouse on the screen shakes making it hard to confirm tasks . It 's overpriced . There is absolutely , positively no Pros to owning this monumental overpriced piece of crap . Do yourself a favor , save $ 20.00 buying a wired sensor that 's dependable which will also save you HUNDREDS of dollars in batteries and frustration . Do n't risk it or else I told you so .
 Got this for my husband so he could play Wii games during the summer on our three season porch . Worked one month fairly well ... he attempted to change the batteries this afternoon and found the four double AA batts did not fit back into it . He has spent the last 45 minutes trying to figure this out but finally gave up and can only assume something inside must have broken . Pretty shoddy quality if after on battery change the guts fall apart . We wo n't bother buying another one .
 We ordered this a month ago and it broke less than two weeks later . It fell off of the tv about three feet to a thickly carpeted floor , causing a tiny plastic piece inside the battery area to dislodge , rendering it useless . The battery area design is very poor , as I found out when I did what I should have done , and bought the $ 20 Wii model from Best Buy . That one is great , and does n't have to be treated with kid gloves . Do n't waste your money here . Just opt for the better option , even if it is a little more expensive .
 rechargeable batteries only last about an hour in this , i have to keep spares in the charger at all times & constantly switch them out . this should have at least come with a port for an optional ac adapter to plug into the wall
 I did not notice any difference on my 52 '' LCD from 6 ' away . It sucked the life out of my batteries , twice . I must have left it on ? The warning sound goes off after one or two hours but when you get playing you forget all about it . The blue LED light on the front is SO bright I had to cover part of it up with electrical tape .
 The package states you can use up to 25 feet away . Which is a lie . I tried to use at 15 feet away and will not work .
 Bought this wireless sensor as a replacement to our original . Would not have purchased if I had know how fast it eats batteries ! Yes , the range is somewhat further than that of the original , but the batteries -LRB- name brand batteries !!! -RRB- only last for about 3-4 playing hours ! With 3 kids in the house and using the Wi-Fit myself this get 's very costly and not at all worth the extra range !!!
 This sensor does not pick up a good signal . It so bad I threw it out and bought a different brand . Its not worth saving a couple of bucks and it cost me more in the long run !
 NEVER GET A WIRELESS , the battery life is less then 4 hours , and it shuts off every 1 to 2 hours depending on the settings , yeah you can turn it back on but in the middle of a boss battle , or some other important part of the game the last thing you want is for your controller to stop working , the extra range ability is pretty much useless , it does n't work , unless making the cursor all jittery is working , to be totally honest i wish my original sensor bar was not vacuumed up , yeah the person that did it replaced it for me , but this product sucks , as a matter of fact if anyone wants to trade a wired sensor bar for the wireless one i have i 'd be more than happy to do so , i will also include 4 rechargeable batteries with it
 The bad part about this product is it kills batteries super fast you will go through 2 AAA every hour with this product I suggest not getting it
 I have a projector instead of a television , so all my wires , consoles , etc , are concentrated BEHIND the couch . This obviously caused some problems when I tried to run the OEM sensor bar -LRB- which does n't actually sense anything -RRB- from behind the couch to the front wall . So instead of that hassle , I got this guy , and put some sticky velcro on the wall where I wanted it to stay . It worked great at first -LRB- even though the `` works from up to 20 feet away '' claim is a pure load of crap ... try 10ft -RRB- , but after about a week , it stopped registering a solid signal from very far away . Now I 'm here , having bought it about a month ago , and I 've got ta be standing 3 feet away from the wall if I want to point at anything on the screen ; otherwise the signal on the wii-remote flickers like a strobe light -LRB- which , anyone who 's played the thing knows , is downright useless -RRB- . Honestly I wish I 'd invested in an extension cable for the OEM sensor bar , since I can only assume the range on the wireless one will continue to get worse and worse as the batteries drain .
 I bought this at Best Buy and returned it the next day . I wanted a wireless bar because I sometimes will bring this to non-Wii friends ' houses . The reason I returned it is because I wanted to use the already attached stand on my LCD TV but when I used the included adapter , the unit fell off within 5 minutes . I think I could of used it on the bottom but I am stubborn . There is another wireless unit on the market and according to the review posted previously about if you need a wireless , I might try it out . Good luck , and I hope you found this useful .
 Got ta say , I was excited when I saw this product . I ran out and bought it -- set it up and was instantly pleased at the `` plug and play '' nature of the wireless sensor bar.I was VERY upset , however , when my wireless bar was COMPLETELY DEAD after just a few months of use . New batteries and a product reset was ineffective.Hopefully Nintendo will come out with their own wireless sensor bar .
 My living room is quite large and the standard Wii sensor bar leaves the on-screen arrow acting jumping , along with a delayed game response -LRB- which is quite aggrevating when playing Mario Kart ! -RRB- so I purchased this sensor from Wal-Mart today to fix the problem . Unfortunately for me , it did not . After calibrating the remotes with the new sensor in the Wii menu , the jumpiness was reduced minimally and the delay still existed . I measured the location of the sensor bar from where I was sitting and it was almost 25 feet . I moved up a bit and it worked fine -LRB- just like the stock sensor -RRB- . I plan on returning the item tomorrow since it simply did not deliever the distance it markets . If you have a large space , hold onto the recipt incase you encounter the same problem I have.I gave it 2 stars because generally , the stock sensor will work fine . If you really want to go wireless , than the price can justify the purchase .
 This is a horrible product . I really wanted to put my Wii far from the TV , thus neccessitating a wireless sensor bar.The quality of the sensor bar is nowhere near as good as the original Wii one , frequently losing signal . It 's not awful or unplayable or anything , but it 's just clearly and significantly not as good as the original.It also eats batteries for breakfast . I 'd estimate the batteries last no more than 20 hours , because if I ever forget and leave it on overnight , the batteries are dead when I wake up . That means the battery drains almost faster than the wiimotes , which drain fast themselves !
 I had hopes for this sensory bar despite a nagging feeling to listen to all the negative reviews on here . I just did n't want my kitty chewing through a wire to be an issue again . Well , the darn thing never did work correctly not one time . It took me and my friend 15 minutes of waving the remotes in front of it , turning it off and back on again , moving the batteries around , etc. until finally it picked up a signal ... when the remote was almost completely parallel to the sensor bar ! How accurate was our Just Dance session if that 's how it worked ? Then we tried a different game and same thing . It picks up the `` home '' and `` A '' buttons just fine but it can not accurately pick up the pointer to start the game . Again tonight I spent 15 minutes waving the damn remote in front of the thing , close then far , straight on the crooked like it worked before . I did everything but stand on my head . So , forget it , I give up . Complete waste of time and money AND I did n't get my workout on b/c of it so now I 'm just eating ice cream instead .
 When I first ordered this sensor bar it was dead on arrival . Amazon quickly replaced it . The new one worked flawlessly for four months before the battery compartment started to get loose . Eventually , the batteries would n't fit in the compartment right and make proper contact . So , the sensor bar wo n't power . While the bar will function as advertised , the build quality is disappointing . Hopefully , now that it has been about 6 months since my order Amazon will attempt to resolve the issues .
 The blue LED on this bar does not work , right out of the package . It still emits IR and functions , but without the LED , it is easy to forget it is on . The only saving grace is the alarm feature , which you can set to one or two hours . The alarm is the only way to tell if you left it on accidentally . If I were to do it again , I 'd just go back to the wired version -LRB- and probably will when this dies -RRB- .
 I have had this bar since I bought the Wii . It works , but after 10 + ft it gets shaky . It does n't sense the Wii remote as well making playing certain games , such as Super Mario Galaxy 2 , a serious challenge and so frustrating until I realized that the sensor bar is the only plausible cause of this annoyance . I 've had to purchase something else . As to whether this one will work out has yet to be seen .
 Just wanted to add my 2 cents about this waste of money -LRB- for me -RRB- . I bought this when I first purchased my Wii because I am a sucker for the word `` Wireless '' . I read all of the good reviews and although I read the dissenting reviews I did n't think it would be so bad if so many people liked it . Apparently cats love the wire on the wired sensor but I do n't have any animals so no problem there , but I do have small children . They do n't normally mess with the wires but I did n't want to take a chance.On to the product . My disappointment mainly stems from the astonishing amount of batteries I have had to use for this since December . It takes four AAs at a time and runs them down in about a week and half to three weeks depending on how much it is being used . I do have the timer set for 2 hours and that is mainly because them alarm on it is so annoying that I could n't stand it going off every hour that it is on . I am pretty diligent about turning it off after using it , but I will say the alarm is very effective . I ca n't find the original one that came with my Wii , I 'm pretty sure it is in storage so I am stuck with this one until I can get to the other one . I just feel it 's wasting money every time I have to throw away 4 AA batteries and everyone knows batteries ai n't cheap .
 After swapping in the Nyko wireless sensor bar , my Wii cursor becomes choppy and tends to jump all over the screen . It 's no help adjusting the remote sensitivity in Wii settings - I could n't get the two flashing dots at any sensitivity level . I had to swap back the wired Wii sensor bar.Perhaps I 've received a defective unit . I 've contacted Nyko support by email and has yet to heard back.The two stars I give are for the its good looks and the ease of use . I would have given this a 5 star if only I could get it to work .
 the sensor bar is a great idea letting people that keep their wii away from the tv do so without the problem of the cord showing . unfortunatly the cost will continue to rise for you constantly using batteries . this product uses 4 aa batteries to power itself . the most play i 've gotten from it is about 24-36 hours without the need to replace them . there is no warning that you need to replace them only a sever drop in range of the playing area and you have to stand directly in front of it for it to continue to work . overall a great aftermarket add on if you can afford to keep replacing batteries or if your not the hard core gamer . stick with the sensor that came with it .
 I bought this thing under the impression that it would let us sit further away . Well after installing and turning this thing on , it 's exactly the opposite . We ca n't even sit on our couch in our tiny apartment which worked great before ... The wii remote cursor starts flicking around 5-6 feet from the tv . It 's unusable and I feel cheated . Stay away from this product . I 'm going to buy a replacement wired one from nintendo .
 It worked great the first week . Then it got weak . We had to jump around and move and really struggle to get the sensor to sense our controllers . We kept replacing the batteries -LRB- we made sure to turn it off after every play -RRB- and it would work good for a day or two and then it would not sense again . Now , after a month of use , even when the batteries are replaced and we do flips in front of the TV , it will not sense a thing and I am on-line buying another sensor bar . My recommendation is to not buy this item .
 The concept is great but the outcome is not . You have to change batteries way too often , even though it is off it 's not.Returned product for the original kind with wire , the kids like it much better .
 This wireless thing would be great , if it had n't stopped working . It worked for several play sessions just fine . Then one day it stopped working . It APPEARS to be working -LRB- the blue light comes on -RRB- , but the controllers simply do n't point to the screen . I changed batteries twice with no change . We 've moved it on top , adjusted the angle every which way , etc. . We did n't drop it or anything -LRB- and , as I said , the blue light still comes on -RRB- . My hunch is the thing is poorly constructed , so it 'll be hit or miss as to whether any particular unit will last a long time or fail soon -LRB- or something in between -RRB- . Keep your fingers crossed if you choose to buy it .
 The range is fantastic but it uses a set of batteries every other day . No , I am not exaggerating !
 The wireless sensor bar works really well with a new set of batteries , but it drains them in a matter of days and as it drains the signal gets weaker and weaker , so you have to sit closer and closer to it , and your wiimote cursor will go in and out . So unless you NEED a wireless sensor bar , stick with the wired ones , they 're more reliable .
 This item worked fine for about two weeks . At least I think it did . I initially only used the wireless sensor bar for EA Sports Active 2 , which does n't require much cursor action . The problems started when I tried to play Metroid Prime Trilogy . The buttons worked , but the cursor was nowhere to be found . Then I tried World of Goo , Bit Trip Beat , and so on , but to no avail.I never thought I would have so much trouble finding a suitable replacement for my original sensor bar . I 'll probably go with the refurbished wired one straight from Nintendo . These wireless sensor bars seem to be more trouble than they 're worth .
 The sensor bar always stays on . If I turn it off it turns back on by itself a couple hours later . If I do n't take out the batteries whenever I 'm not using it the batteries run down . Then I have to replace them .
 I 've got a wall mounted flat screen . The original sensor bar 's wire is too short to be routed through the wall and still reach -LRB- like all my other wires -RRB- . It 's also mounted high on the wall . SO I NEED the sensor bar to be mounted on the bottom so I can reach the ON/OFF button because it needs to be turned on and off independently of the WII -LRB- that kinda sucks -RRB- . The thing needs 4 AA batteries = it 's too heavy for double sticky tape to hold for very long . And you ca n't permanently mount it because the battery access is on the bottom that is up against the TV . I tried several ways to try and keep the thing mounted but ultimately had to DRILL into my TV 's case -LRB- underneath -RRB- to make holes to run fishing line to hold it from falling off . I 'll be looking for a better solution . So , if you have a flat screen mounted on the wall where you ca n't reach the top of the TV to turn this thing on and off ... well you 've been informed and should know what you are in for .
 I purchased this item and after finally getting the distance and sensitivty adjusted , after couple of days it stopped working .
 I bought this as a second sensor bar to take traveling . I did n't want to undo the original sensor bar every time . This thing has one switch and one button . The switch is how long to stay one and the button is to turn it on . So ca n't keep batteries in while you travel since the button sticks up . Also since you can not turn it off it is annoying . It beeps loudly when the end of the time limit is near . I wish the made just a small LED light blink . So everyone in the adjoining rooms is awakened by its alarm clock beeping . Every hour or so depending on the time setting . Oh finished playing but what is that alarm still going off .
 I vacuumed over my son 's wired sensor . GameStop only had this one that takes batteries . I am replacing the batteries every other day . Who the heck wants to do that . This thing costs $ 20 . Why would they not add a plug to it . I 'm going to find a wired one for my son TODAY !!!
 This is an awful game . The camera angels are really bad ! The graphics are slightly above N64 graphics . I think they were trying to copy the game Cannon Spike and that game is a billion times better then this game so buy that instead because you will like it more since it is actually fun and it is the same kind of game.The Red Star is REALLY Hard . The cheep kind of hard that just gets you frustrated fast and no one wants that kind of game . I have been playing multiplayer in the game with my friend and we think this game offers nothing you have n't already seen before . Actually it offers nothing . It has no story line or setting to change besides the volume kind of worthless settings so no changing your controls and chances are you will hate these controls because my friend and I do . X is Block until your little shield dies . O is shoot but not for to long or your gun overheats . Square lets you Hit bad guys fairly slow . That 's pretty much it and all that you will be using . No jump or run . You walk really slow in this game . The lack of health packs in the game really make it hard . The same repetitive game play will get you sick of it fast . Every level feels the same , every boss and bad guy looks the same , the music sounds the same in each level . You can not go back to levels . If you invite your video game loving friends over do n't expect them to play this with you more then 20 minutes before them hating the game and telling you that you got ripped off . I saw game play previews for this game and I was tricked , it looks fun but it is not .
 Nyko ... OK , lets package the Intercooler of Death with some other items and maybe they wo n't notice . Stay away from the Intercooler it will kill your Xbox 360 and void your Xbox warranty . This is a fact , just look up the intercooler on this site and read for yourself or better yet call Xbox . They will tell you it is not authorized for use on the Xbox 360 ! PS The two stars are for the Charge Station and the Battery Packs .
 i bought 2 of these from Simply Order on this site and got them in factory packaging brand new , they looked ok so i left them in the package untill i needed them , now 2 months later i opened the factory package to use them yesterday and both are corrupt and says it need reformatting so i do that and they still say files on them are corrupt even tho they have never been used , so they wont format and they are always corrupt right out of the factory sealed package , so they are useless cant save anything on them what a big waste of money . DO NOT buy these 1019 cards just because they can hold more and the wii can fry them and there goes all your saved games . if you want a good memory card to keep forever just buy the original 251 cards they never get corrupted and alway work . The 1019 has had alot of problems over the years and if you want to keep your saved game for as long as possible the 251 slot card is the way to go . if you want to save games then lose all of them , or cant even save anything on it as soon as you open it get the garbage 1019 . DO NOT BUY !! i wasted $ 40 on 2 of these and both are corrupt and cant be reformated right out of the factory sealed package . 2BAD I GAVE Simply Order A PERFECT FEEDBACK before i opened them.DONT BUY THIS MEMORY CARD AND DONT BUY FROM Simply Order THEY OPEN ITEMS AND PUT DAMAGED ONES BACK IN TO THE PACKAGES .
 The only reason I bought this was because I saw it for a reduced price and thought it might be a fun game to play with some of my movie trivia loving friends . Well ... after playing this game , I can understand WHY it was at a reduced price ... this is one of the most frustrating board games I 've ever played.The game -LRB- or at least the version I own -RRB- comes with 4 player tokens , an interactive DVD , one six sided dice -LRB- with only three numbers on it , by the way -RRB- , a rule sheet and a game board . The game board has about 29 spaces on it , though it feels like twice that , since I 've never made it to the end . Why ? Because the questions are TOUGH ! And some of the movies they ask questions about ... how many people have actually seen these movies and have all the scenes and dialogue memorized?The version I own has 8 categories
 Hi , anyone who is thinking on buying this game , do n't bother to . Unless you are into the old type of films made by this studio . It was a birthday present for me and i was quite excited about it until i realised all it was just films that were made quite a while ago . the game is quite good if you like the type has described . This description is just my opinion but it is just a saying to tell you instead of wasting your money on . I only doubt the game partly aswell because it wase n't long enough . If you are a genius at these types of movies then you will pretty sure get around the board quite quickly . I have seen scene it and i have not had it yet but it seems better for any new or old movie .
 I do n't know who MGM thought that this game was for , but it is not a game for the masses . I consider myself to be pretty knowledgeable in movie trivia compared to the average person . Not only did I not know half the movies , but some of the questions were so hard that the game is near impossible . The object of the game is to be the first to anwser enough questions correctly to go around the board and get to the end . After an hour of play the two friends and I that were playing gave up since we only were maybe a 1/4 of the way around -LRB- and we were helping eachother out with the anwsers and the game gave us a few ` move forward 3 spaces ' ! -RRB- and having zero fun.A list of the movies that came up during our game : The PartyCyborgThe Great EscapeMen at WorkThunderbolt and LightfootAgent Cody BanksA Guy ThingThe French Lieutenant 's WomanPork Chop HillTank GirlThe Holcroft CovenantTo Live and Die in L.A.The Prince and the PassionMosquito SquadronDr . Phibes Rises Again!Sunday Bloody SundayWild OrchidGetting Even With DadNot exactly a list of great movies or even anything reasonably new . The pieces that came with the game are just a black and white cut out that and seemed pretty cheap to me . I gave this game 3 stars for education , just because nearly all the anwsers were a learning experience for me.Final verdit
 this game was horrible ! Very boring ! The dvd keeps replaying the same scenes over and over before you even get through the game . It was the worst movie we 've ever played . DO N'T waste your money !!!
 I have to agree with everyone else on this game it 's really terrible ! Which is sad because it 's basic playing rules are well thought out . The movies they except you to know are just crazy . Buy `` Scene It '' instead .
 This is the worst movie trivia game ever . I realize this game has already been pretty much panned in these reviews but I have something to add . I got news for you ... being older and knowing a lot about old `` classic '' movies WILL NOT help you here . MGM is a great studio and has made some of the best movies of all time . Come on ... this is the studio who had under contract the likes of Katherine Hepburn , Spencer Tracey , Judy Garland , Humphrey Bogart , Fred Astaire , Clark Gable , Elizabeth Taylor , and on and on . But are there questions about these great stars and their films in this game ? Nooooo ! Instead you get obscure ` B '' movie references . Movies that no one has ever heard of , let alone could quote lines from.This game had great potential , especially as a classic movie game . It 's like the developers were sitting around a conference table one day and some idiot said `` You know what ? Forget `` Gone With the Wind '' and `` The Wizard of Oz '' . Forget about `` An American in Paris '' . Who needs `` Wuthering Heights '' or `` Casa Blanca '' ? Let 's have questions about `` Tank Girl '' . Yeah that 's the ticket . `` This game is unbeleivably frustrating . It 's possible that the glaring absence of MGM 's geatest movies from this game is due to the fact that Ted Turner bought the rights to the entire library a few years ago . MGM may no longer have license to use them . That would be their only excuse for this shipwreck of a game .
 This is a complete travesty . MGM have the audacity to believe that their studio makes films so powerful that they stay in the memory.Fair enough assumption you may think . The reality is a horrible hotch-potch of films that no-one has ever watched all the way through and consequently a dull waste of money.It even has the brass neck to ask you to complete lines from films . Fine . Except the chances of knowing are remote in the extreme . If a good barometer of a family game is fun then this scores a fat zero.This is terrible . Shameful cashing in on a name ...
 After opening the DVD case 1 time , it broke . During the 2nd game , we were already getting repeat questions from the 1st game . Plus most of the movies were obsure old titles that we had NEVER heard of or seen . This game was not very fun at all . I am taking it back and buying Scene It .
 The obscurity of the movies has been well-covered by all the other reviewers and I completely agree . They were mostly forgettable or obscure with a `` cult classic '' thrown in from time to time . Initially , however , the obscurity was my favorite part of this game . I was glad to try to answer questions about `` Robocop '' and `` Tank Girl '' instead of the usual `` Gone With the Wind '' and `` Dr. Zhivago , '' but I could n't . The questions were about forgotten `` famous lines '' and nameless `` starlets . '' The instructions seemed like they were translated -LRB- poorly -RRB- from a dead language . The DVD `` menu '' was time consuming and awkward -LRB- and painfully necessary with every turn -RRB- . The board and pieces were cheep and unimaginative , and the die had only three sides . But that is two sides too many if I were going to review this game with a roll of the die .
 This game says that it is for ages 13 + . It makes reference to the same old movies over and over again . It 's going back to Toys R Us , because this toy is NOT us!This is the most disappointing game I 've ever played .
 You will not enjoy this game unless you are a conniseur of old movies ... make that old `` MGM '' movies . Actually , this game is so boring I do n't think anyone at all would have fun with it . Save your money or put it towards one of the other DVD movie games !
 I am a huge movie enthusist , long-time subscriber of Entertainment Weekly and Premiere , and all-around movie buff . This game was ridiculously impossible even by my standards ! Sample questions
 RTS fans and/or Parents looking for a game for their child : My Background
 The first time you play this game it 's cool because the settlers go around doing the work automatically and you build what looks like real life functioning economy . But you find out quick the game is just a matter of repeating yourself over and over again .
 This game was difficult to play . There is a learning curve . In the end , not happy with it.Not good , not bad . Meh !
 Looks like it would be a fun game but I am unable to load it and get it running . Contacted UBISOFT but they just ignore me . Do n't buy it !!!!
 So I got this game cheap at Half Price Books , and about halfway through the campaign I realized why . While the graphics are gorgeous on a good machine and overall the storyline quests keep things moving along nicely , you come to realize that every scenario has you building the same city , over and over , the only difference being building placement . While some scenarios are more interesting in that resources are difficult to get to , you essentially complete the same task over and over , and the `` random map '' type scenarios are even worse . Overall , not worth the money unless you enjoy mind-numbing games with a pretty facade .
 This game sucks . It 's choppy , graphics are mediocre , story line is terrible , and the game play is abysmal . The idea is good , but that 's about where it begins and ends .
 I have not played any other Settler games but jumped on this one as it looked very promising.This game has proved to be boring and repetitious , every scenario starts the same and you have to sit around and wait for goods to pile up in the storehouse before you can get on with the task at hand.By contrast , in the Stronghold games -LRB- Firefly -RRB- for instance the missions start with varying degrees of money or resouces , often against your favour which means you have have to rely on your smarts to win.Not so with Settlers . But the absolute worst aspect of this game is the fact that it is very unfriendly towards your system , especially if you have an Nvidia graphics cards . I run a GeForce 7500 LE with 512mb and the latest forceware , -LRB- and the latest game patch -RRB- the game will shut down the computer after max 10 minutes gameplay . Go to the Ubisoft Settlers forum and you will see page after page of complaints regarding this issue . One guy claims the game actually broke his graphics card!The game was obviously put on the market WAY too soon , it is not nearly developed enough . It is as if Ubisoft is using the consumer as beta-testers . I 'm sure this has been done before but that does n't make it any better . Bad business .
 The Settlers
 I have never played any of the other Settlers games , and this one piqued my interest when I first heard about it . I 've been flirting with the idea of picking it up for the past several weeks , and I finally did.I am extremely disappointed.First of all - I thought the demo 's tutorial was a one-time thing . No - your very first mission in the real game requires you to complete the same tutorial with no option to skip it . After this - you figure the tutorials are over ... WRONG!Your hand is held constantly through each mission , and they basically walk you through exactly what to do . There is no challenge to this . What is worse - you begin each mission in the same position ... having to rebuild the same exact buildings ... having to watch your gold/stone/wood / food crawl up to the same exact level ... having to do the same exact upgrades ... and then - just as you hit the fun part and your settlement starts rolling along ... New mission . Repeat everything again.Though it looks pretty at first , and you might not mind building up a settlement the first time - having to do it over and over and over and over with no variety and crappy voice actors hand holding you through every step and forcing you to click through their dialogue is not fun.This game has potential ... but ultimately it is completely lacking in complexity and most importantly fun . I uninstalled it after 15 minutes and it is going on the shelf to collect dust now . When it says `` Ages 10 + '' on the box - just read
 This Game comes with the `` copy-protection '' securom . securom is a destructive root kit which will corrupt many of the Games you have payed hard earned Money for . Although I think Rise of an Empire is a perfectly fine game , the fact that it is designed to become unplayable overtime makes it not worth your Money . This is my opinion .
 I thought this game was a bit too simple for my tastes.To prove my point I did a comparison to one of my favorite castle building games , Stronghold 2 , by listing items and canceling out the items that were the same in both games . As it came out , the Settlers had about 20 items that were not found in Stronghold , and Stronghold 2 had 70 + not found in Settlers , spread out between castle structures , military units -LRB- not as much of the total as you would think -RRB- , and economic buildings . The Settlers seems like it should be for children when compared with this game.The worst difference is in defense building . In Stronghold 2 you can build a wide variety of gates and towers and any thickness of two types of wall you like , but in Settlers 6 you can build only one type of tower and one type of gate for each type of wall , and the walls are uniform and thin.In Stronghold , as well , you can actually look inside your buildings and see your people working . In the Settlers they work outside their buildings and often get their tasks done in fewer steps . One example of the latter is bread making in Stronghold 2 , which involves going through a mill for flour instead of just sending grain straight to the bakery . I just found it more entertaining , perhaps , that in Stronghold 2 tax collecting is carried out in a separate building instead of the castle , and carts have to be dispatched from posts instead of the central storehouse . It 's things like this - attention to detail - that really make a game more complex , lifelike , and entertaining . When you need less structures and people to carry out your economy and defense , the game is more boring and less like real castle life.There are a few unique perks in the Settlers , like upgradeable buildings , the seasons , different environments and castle styles , and troops gathered into battalions , but not enough to even get close to the complexity of Stronghold 2 . Even Stronghold Legends , which is stripped down to accommodate a greater military aspect , seems more entertaining than this game , even for those who prefer castle building to fighting.Also , the Settlers seems to give everybody graphics problems ; I almost had to return my copy but discovered just in time that the game started out on zero brightness , etc. , so that I had to change those values to get started . The graphics I found to be detailed and complex but they did n't work well on my machine.This game is also fairly easy , as I was unable to fully complete the Stronghold 2 campaign but the Settlers 6 campaign , though arduous , was a breeze.Overall , Stronghold 2 beats this game in almost every aspect , but if you want a game that is simpler , easier , and less militaristic , it could be a very good buy -LRB- or if you just got sick of Stronghold after playing it too much -RRB- .
 This game wo n't run on my computer . My husband is an IT guy and could n't get it to work either . He says our antivirus software wo n't let it download b/c it is registering as spyware or some virus . I am terrible about throwing away receipts so now we have a brand new game that we ca n't use or return . Complete waste of birthday money for my son .
 I ordered the `` 2 CD Bonus Deluxe '' set as pictured on the amazon website.The software I received from a third party seller appears to be the single CD version shown elsewhere -LRB- at a different price -RRB- on the amazon website . The software I received also states it is for Windows XP/2000 or older -LRB- which is NOT specified on this amazon page but is on other versions of the software on the amazon site -RRB- so I worry it may not be compatible with Windows 7 -LRB- which is on both laptops in our home . -RRB- I will be returning the software unopened.I am very disappointed and my daughter is very upset.I likely wo n't purchase software on amazon again , especially from third party sellers . Even if I do receive a full refund , it will take weeks , and in the meantime my child is upset she wo n't have the learning software she wanted .
 I did not like the way this game was designed , and gave it away to a friend.I wont buy Deadly Dozen games , and I will not buy any of the Medal of Honor games .
 I bought this game thinking it would not be a resource hog , big mistake !! The requirements mentioned nothing about having a 128mb vram video card . My system is nothing close to that , needless to say I experienced almost no frame load ... What I could see of the graphics was ok , but like I said , without the proper video card , you better leave this one alone .
 We had a CD of this game that permently stalled before we were halfway through it . We tried it in both of our CD Rom players to no avail and adjusted every thing we could imagine on our computer that might help . There is NO help form The Learning Company for this product and even the online FAQs for this product are slim and nothing to help . We liked the game enough to buy another one in case it was the CD , to no avail . It permanently stops in the exact same spot in the game . It 's worse to enjoy a game only to be stopped in the middle than to have never tried it at all . We are operating an IBM Windows XP machine and set all the settings to what the installation info said is required .
 The box says that the program is intended for PC and Mac users . We loaded it and it never worked for our Mac . Talking with friends , this is not an uncommon complaint . Sigh . At least we 'll save money by not buying this series in the future !
 Continuing the trend of EU and EU2 , and true to their name , Paradox 's latest release is the video game version of a. . . paradox . Very cool game . Lots of depth . A great thinking-man 's game for those who enjoy grand strategy , historical accuracy , and realism . The interface is very reminiscent of the EU series , with a few changes to general game play -LRB- for example , diplomacy improvements and character development -RRB- . I wo n't spend time on the specifics of what I liked and disliked about the game , because ultimately I can not recommend it ... for anyone . I suppose there are some who have run these games bug-free , but after three games in the series run on three different computers with different components -- and encountering the same incessant bug -- I 'd say Paradox has a problem . And the bug is not one you can live with . The game crashes to desktop with even greater frequency than EU2 , and none of the patches for any of the games ever fixed this basic problem . And in case you think you can get by with frequent savegames and reloads , CK introduces the new crash-during-load bug.A quick check of their technical support forum confirmed what I suspected , that a lot of people get this problem . I see Paradox Tech Support trying to one-off these bugs as some kind of video/sound/driver problem -LRB- which they could be , on a large scale -RRB- but until they acknowledge the ubiquity of the problem and address it en masse I suggest staying away .
 I have mixed feeling about this game . It has taken dynastic strategy to a whole new level . The concept is amazing , but the game play is sometimes weak.The few positives : I wishMedieval
 Once again another copy and repeat of the now infamous Europa Unversalis I & II . Yet , this one comes with the same initial `` crash to desktop '' bugs , lack of a tutorial , and a user interface that only Albert Enstien could enjoy.This is yet another one of those `` buy it now , we 'll fix it later games '' from Paradox . You 'll be pulling your hair out , from the moment you run the game for the first time with the CTD 's -LRB- crash to desktops -RRB- . It 's nowhere realistic by any means , the computer only Crusades does n't even do them , wondering who to marry off your court to and why is a dumbfounded example of lack of realism , you do it just to be doing it and later on find out the results . It 's just another toddlers toy that wanted to be great , but , instead is just mediocre . This time period is rather boring as a strategy game . If you do n't have Europa Universalis II then I suggest getting it instead , it 's been patched to 1.07 and for $ 7.99 it 's a better buy overall.I 'd recommend a wait on this title , in 6 months to a year it will be `` patched '' finished and you can probably get it for $ 15 or less , why pay for an unfinished game ?
 After purchasing the Sims for my Sony Clie , I found that it will not work with it . I contacted Zio and was informed that their products do not work with Sony . I just thought I would let people know in case they are new to the PDA units like myself .
 Nice way not to share quite as much with yet another game that wants your credit card information . Though at the time of writing this it was still cheaper to buy game time on the website with a credit card after shipping and handling or sales tax . very nice way to limit game time with children and make it not quite so automatic for a company to directly charge new funds .
 The pre-paid 60 day game card costs $ 30 which is the same as the regular cost of 2 months -LRB- if u use a credit card -RRB- and YOU WONT HAVE TO PAY SHIPING COSTS if u just pay at home . So dont bother ...
 YUp I had it in my cart for the deal price of $ 25.00 and right at checkout , poof the price was $ 30.00 So pay in advance 6 months tis cheapest
 Beware if you buy this game and have any type of problem whatsoever regarding the battle.net account that you are required to create . You will never be able to reach Blizzard phone support -LRB- you will get a recorded message always that their phone queues are full -RRB- , and e-mail support for billing / account issues is horrible . We got billed two times in the same month for an a 6-month subscription of WOW , and ca n't get the second erroneous charge credited back .
 Ok ... so upon getting my shiny copy of W.O.W. Collector 's Edition ... I find that to access my 30 Day `` Free '' trial , I have to have in my posession the 60 Day , 30 dollar Pre-Paid Game Card ... ? WHAT ?!?!?! Sooooo ... by wanting to not hand my credit card numbers over to Blizzard I have to pay for my `` FREE '' trial and am not eligible for any discounted rates like anyone using other payment methods can get -LRB- i.e. pay 6 months in advance with your credit card and only pay $ 12.99 per month total -RRB- . Does anyone else think this is insanely stupid ? I played the beta , bought the COLLECTOR 'S edition , and am now being punished for not wanting to hand out a credit card number to another MMORPG . Sorry Blizzard , but you guys really dropped the ball on this one . Great game ... bad financial department . Maybe you should rethink your payment schemes . Oh , and incidentally , as of me writing this , Pay Pal does n't work , either ... even though it should . It 's good to know the game is bug free ... too bad the payment options are n't .
 They released this game WAY too soon.When you first get into the game , you are overwhealmed at so many features , it is a cornucopia of fun . However -- once you spend any great deal of time , you 'll realize the bugs , balance , content , and support issues override any fun in the game . There is so much about this game that is n't done , and so much that does n't get addressed . SERIOUS class flaws that persist from minor patch to minor patch make playing a chore after you level 1 or 2 characters to a high level -LRB- 50-60 -RRB- , you start `` twinks '' , low level chars with lotsa money . Its just the same over and over , same bugs , same content . The most serious flaw is the worthless PVP content . I thought that WOW was going to be what DAOC should have been , but the lack of attention to PVP issues has completely ruined this feature for me.Give this game 2-3 months and it might be ready .
 This card right now is higher priced after shipping -LRB- $ 26.45 + $ 6.25 = $ 32.70 -RRB- than the monthly fee Blizzard is charging which is $ 14.99 / month .
 English/French game card are NOT COMPATIBLE . French version of the game need FRENCH prepaid cards.The online cost -LRB- with direct credit card payment throught Blizzard website -RRB- it 's a much better deal , here is the prices -LRB- Sept. 8 , 2005 -RRB- :1 months = 14,99 $ US / 17,91 $ CA3 months = 41,99 $ US / 49,64 $ CA -LRB- 16,55 $ CA/month -RRB- 6 months = 77,94 $ US / 92,14 $ CA -LRB- 15,36 $ CA/month -RRB- So , if you take the 3 or 6 months package , you get a lot more for your money . World Of Warcraft prepaid cards are only good for gifts or for people who do n't have access to credit card payment .
 Did your netbook come with a free trial of WoW?Think you can use this card to convert to a real membership?Guess again ! . Dispite the box advertising `` Continue your Adventure '' -LRB- or quest or whatever -RRB- , and the card it self saying it can be used for new and exisiting accounts , there is no way to use tho credits of the prepaid card to convert your trial membership into a real membership.In the updgrade process , the WoW website is launched and you are presented with the options of :1 -RRB- give them a credit card -LRB- no thanks -RRB- 2 -RRB- Enter the Key from a store bought CD-ROM3 -RRB- Order a CD-ROM by mail.Elsewhere on the site it mentions that if you use a prepaid card , and you have the account set to use credit cards you have to manually cancle the credit card memebrship . Sounds like they want to make it as hard as possible to unhook your credit card from them . Shades of AOL ! . I do n't want to risk even a one-time-use card on that . I 've learned my lesson on credit card auto billing and the difficulty in cancelation . Even a card with an expiration date can come back to haunt you of they somehow gleen the new expiration date.If you do n't want them latching on to your card , your only option is to buy a CD . Even if you have a netbook without a CD drive . I guess that will make Best-Buy and Walmart happier.If they had put a warning on the box `` CAN NOT EXTEND TRIAL MEMBERSHIP '' I would n't be so pissed.Its not like you can return the prepaid card once it leaves the store to exchange it .
 This is NOT a CD like the description read . It is only internet game server time to add to the game you are already supposed to have prior to purchasing this item . We assumed we were buying the actual game with a 60 day free period to connect and play online -LRB- since it was described as a CD -RRB- . I was very unhappy with this purchase . My son , who was to receive the actual game for his birthday present , is the victim . I am still unhappy about that .
 Amazon used to charge less which was a good deal and worth buying . Now the charge is the SAME as the monthly charge at WOW . This card is no longer worth buying . It does n't save you money or time . I am very disappointed . -LRB- Rating is for the card ! -RRB-
 This game is extremely fun and extremely addictive . I eventually had to just quit playing . Best game on the market though .
 This game takes time , a lot of time ! It takes 350-700 hours to get to 60th lvl if your a pro , 700 hours to get your battle ground gear . It takes about 40 hours for each for the easy professions to get 300th level . Then it gets to be fun , you will need 20 and 40 equally commited players to help you work your way up thru the tier gear sets and other stuff you 'll need to reenchant your gear after you replace it with the next step up . Unfortunately , each instance run takes maybe 5 hours and you will have a 1 in 20 or 1 in 40 chance to pickup that gear you need , so you 'll be doing the instance runs over and over with those people . Typically the people doing well in the game are logged on 8-14 hours a every day.At level 10 the quests become geared for multiple people . If you die while doing a quest , it doubles how long that quest is going to take do to the ghost walk back to you body . And if the quest was a difficult one , you may find yourself dead again as soon as you come back to life . Unfortunately the only help available is other players , not any bot like NPC 's to help . Finding someone that is on the same sequence of quest you are on , at anytime one in the game is n't gon na happen . You 'll see other players in the same area , but their doing a different quest , and usually wo n't even talk to you let alone help out.Having your freind 's play : There a few problems with this . You need to create characters on the same server and in the same faction to play together . You also need to be the same level and have worked the same area 's in the past . You 'll even have to pick the same race if you new to the game . Basically the only way to quest with a freind is to start characters all at the same time and never play when the other is n't online . If one of you plays more than the other , the other can never catch up . The game does n't allow high level characters to help lower level characters level up fast , like in Diablo.There 's way to much travel time in doing anyting . You have to travel time in real time City to city can be a 10 minitute flight of nothingness going on . Quests are repetitive . Area are repetitive . I 've seen the same caves with different textures through the whole game.PvP combat is ackward at best , the game was n't made with it in mind . The hud/minimap is useless . Target selection is very difficult to manage , even with addons . The battle grounds have 10-40 people , but you can only target/watch 5 in your sub party . You going to have to click select the other targets to heal them . There 's a limited number of macro 's , which get used up quick when you start making `` flag spot here '' sayings.After months of play , you starting noticing annoyances in the game that exsist only slow you down and keep you paying month to month . The 1-50 quest rewards for playing the game are insignificant and not entertaining , a movie or even a tada noise after 5 hours in a instance would be welcome addition . I find the in game community unfreindly , impatient and not very chatty unless their insulting each other . I keep playing the game knowing that it will get fun later on , but that point never comes . It 's got ta be fun right ? Everyone plays it . When does it get fun ?
 the amazon.com price for this product is roughly around 25-30 USand the amazon.ca price is 59.99 that is horribly off because it is a 60 day card which provides the user with 2 months of gameplay -LRB- without a gamecard it would cost around 15 a month on a credit card -RRB- this gamecard should cost around 35 - 40 $ and another thing is gamecards ca n't be used because once the code is put in the card becomes useless .
 I agree with everyone else . The price at futureshop.ca is 39.99 . Which is n't too bad . But 59.99 , please . Lower the price of it .
 Listen , I 'm not sure how many people up to now have tried to justify WoW 's excessive need of 15 $ per month . They say it 's for maintenance and the employement ... but what I 'm REAALLLYY unable to understand is that how GUILD WARS -LRB- not as great a game as WoW , I understand -RRB- is able to keep-up without punishing their players with a monthly fee of $ 15 . For sure , it ai n't as huge as WoW , but they could still surely make that same excuse of needing to maintain and -LRB- bla bla bla bla blaaaaaa ... -RRB- And if another excuse is that the inventors must be payed for their invention -LRB- which is obviously WoW -RRB- , they 're payed the lowest wage out of the whole group , just as the factory worker is payed in a factory !!! So I 'm basically asking myself how such people have the nerve to defend this 15 $ per month of which this company is making MILLIONS out of ! I believe this is exploitation , and no other adjective could describe it . That is why game consoles like PS2 or X-Box have boomed the piracy community !! Only because they charge 60 $ -LRB- Can -RRB- for a DVD that costs only about 50c at most . Greed leads to the black market ... !
 I had ordered the 60-Day Pre-Paid Game Card from Amazon on the 8th of June . The shipping was quick and efficient , however , when I received the item I noticed the seal was broken . I did n't pay too much attention to this , because I thought the game card would still be inside . I was gravely mistaken . Upon opening the box , I noticed that the only thing left inside was the 10-Day Free Trial key and the game card was no where to be found.This was extremely disheartening , as I went to `` My Amazon '' to see if I could do anything about it . The return window was closed the moment I had purchased the item . Essentially , this was $ 28.99 down the drain , and I doubt I 'll take my chances purchasing another game card from Amazon . I guess someone from their shipping center must really love the game that much to slash the seal and take the card out of the box . Or if they did n't , then not notice that the seal was broken and sold a box with a 10-Day Guest Pass Key for $ 28.99 .
 I love the game , World of Warcraft , and the fact that I can but gift cards for my friends , but come on ... Who needs all of that packaging ? It 's completely useless ! Why not just give someone a code that would work instantly , instead of pasting the plastic card onto a piece of paperboard , then putting it into a box , sealing it with stickers , then sealing that onto a piece of cardboard with plastic , wrapping it in another cardboard box , and shipping it all off to someone ??? So much waste , when all it does is give someone the code on the back of the card . Completely useless , unless you are of the mind that packaging makes a good gift . I , however , am not . I prefer less trash and more fun . The code is all I need .
 The game is fun a first but gets boring really fast . The one player mode is bad and the game is only fun if you have friends over . This game was made for the wii zapper and is a good gun game if you have one . Also there are only 3 levels and each level takes about 5 minutes . Even if you do have friends over it gets boring really fast and it gets hard to tell witch sight is yours . Lastly it is a waste of $ 30 and * consider carefully before buying * .
 The multiplayer mode is a major feature of this game but the game will not recognize my second remote . All other Wii games recognize the other remote in multi player mode . Ghost Squad just flashes when I press the + button on the second remote . Without the multiple player feature , this game is not worth purchasing . I have not seen any resolutions to the problem of recognizing a second remote .
 By all means , the game is quite fun , the graphics are decent , as well as the gameplay is quite unique for a home system . However , being an arcade game , that 's all it is . If you 've played a shooter at the arcade there 's nothing different on the Nintendo Wii system . These games in my opinion are to be played once or twice for a small game while you 're out . Unless you have a taste for repititive gameplay , knowing where every next enemy is about to pop out and shoot you , I grow quite weary of the same levels over and over . The game lasted me 45 minutes and I am now tired of seeing it.As for the unlocking features , there is a number of them , which in my opinion fails to spice up the gameplay of its repititiveness . `` Ninja Mode '' , you wear ninja costumes and go through the same 3 missions as before ... nothing new ... Oh , wait , your clothes . Those of which you do n't even see during gameplay . I do n't recommend this game to people who are looking for weeks of tireless fun . Then again , you could give this game to your kids so you can have 45 minutes of peace .
 I bought this product because it allowed 2 shooters at once . Maybe it 's me , but I have n't been able to figure out how to do that , after repeated tries , yet . The game only has 3 levels -LRB- or maps -RRB- . After that , there 's no more . The levels that are there , are well done and of arcade quality . I just ca n't give it a high rating since it just does n't provide `` bang '' for the buck due to its very short duration and lack of replay value . It does work very well with the SureShot handgun .
 I was looking for a decent shooting game for Wii . Clearly not the best brely decent . Game is over pretty fast . Not many missions and you kinda just play them over and over
 This shooter is dull by the standards set by other Wii shooters . It is n't creepy like the zombie shooters , it is n't quick and cute like Link Crossbow or the chicken games , and it is n't a Lee Marvin movie like most of the WWII shooters . Its just a ripoff of Target Terror . After ten minutes I was shooting hostages for causing the game and on my way to trade in the game .
 The Good
 After playing Link 's crossbow training exhaustively for weeks , you 'd expect Ghost Squad to provide at least some depth . You 'd be so wrong . You basically have 3 arcade style/Time Crisis type missions each about 5 mins . long . Once you are done with the 3 missions , all you get are new costumes , new weapons and level up on the exact same missions . You still have the same places , same camera movements with slight change in number of enemies popping out.We rented it after reading reviews saying its `` too short '' . We thought 5-day rental would not give us much time , but I still have 2 more days left on teh rental and I dont want to play it.My recommendation
 This game is rally fun for untill you beat the three levels in the game ! They have basicly the same three levels but change it to nighttime instead of day to pass as another level . I 'm talking the same enemies in the same places , same mission . In Japan this game comes with the zapper so it is meant to be a quick short cheap game , but th en they sold it sepratly in the US as a full priced game . Unless you like to waste money , do not get this game .
 One of the worst shooters . If you dont have Resident Evil
 Also , * PLOT TWIST * Ikutsuki was evil and he was using SEES to help him conquer the world ! The final boss is Nyx ! This game was pretty awful . It was just full of grinding and nothing but that . Stay away from it and play better games . Saved 60 hours of your life .
 First things first
 I really wanted to enjoy this game , as I have the first two Persona games as well as Nocturne and Devil Summoner ; but Persona 3 goes way past the line of good taste.To summon your Persona -LRB- other self or ego -RRB- players will put a gun -LRB- calledan Evoker -RRB- to their head and pull the trigger.Atlus , this is % 110 BULL *** T !! The fact that these characters are teenagers and also that adolescents are among the highest rate of suicide victims , makes me want to vomit , when I think that YOU ARE MAKING MONEY OFF THIS!There was absolutely no reason to put something so careless , idiotic and in such bad taste in a a game.This was all done in the name of the almighty dollar.Who needs any form of integrity when we can make a quick buck?It 's also not as if this is displayed once in the game , but everytime a character wants to transform into a Persona , we get to see a nice scene of kids blowing their brains out.What class Atlus ; I hope you sleep well at night.What a wonderful thing for the youth to be exposed to.No doubt this game will also be played by those under 17 . Even those who are of age and older , this is an unhealthy thing to be desensitized with.To ALL the developers at Atlus and ALL the people that say there is nothing wrong with that aspect of the game ; why do n't you show this to some families WHO HAVE LOST LOVED ONES TO SUICIDE?Specifically by using a gun!See how `` creative '' , `` artistic '' or `` FUN '' they think it is.This game should be recalled and that ignorant , insensitive and immature aspect be removed.I hope these jokers get sued , and whatever money they made from this game gets donated to teen suicide prevention.GROW UP AMERICA !
 This game was bought new.The Game freezes a lot during game play.although it is fun to play , I was never able to complete a season , I have created 3 seasons , not one was completed , at a certain point , while loading a game it would freeze and you would have to restart the console and just delete that season . even if you try to simulate that game , it will still remain frozen and your season is ruined .
 Buying this case was my first bad experience with amazon sellers ever . I 've been buying from amazon for quite a lot of years so I 'm not too angry but I just thought I 'd put out there that this item is terrible.The item description clearly says that this case does not work on a PSP 2000 ; which is fine for me since I have a 1000 . So I get this case and it does n't even come close to fitting . I would n't have minded this cheap flimsy plastic shell if it had done what the description said it would -- you know , fit over my PSP -- but this thing not only sucks just holding it but WILL NOT FIT A PSP 1000 . Do n't buy this product , I 'm sure there are other better things out there .
 The description of this item clearly state that it is for the PSP 1000 series -LRB- otherwise know as PSP Fat -RRB- and NOT the PSP 2000 -LRB- PSP Slim -RRB- , but the case is completely wrong for the PSP 1000 . Reasons :1 . It does n't fit .2 . If it COULD fit , it does n't have an opening for the memory stick bay .3 . The speaker holes are in the wrong place.Overall , I feel that this case is made for the PSP 2000 and/or 3000 and that they should change the description to match.PS , This is a link to what I think should work for PSP 1000 . http://www.amazon.com/Clear-Crystal-Hard-Cover-Case-PSP/dp/B003DS6LOU
 Cheap and made for psp 1000 . Psp would not charge in the case . Put it on the 3000 and there was no whole for headphones .
 i did n't like it and at such a small price just gave it to a cousin . It was n't needed by me .
 This is junk ! Very flimsy - but considering it 's price , I guess I got what I paid for . Go for something a little higher quality .
 I own a PSP 1001-K and this case does not fit it.I dont know what is wrong , but the case is absolutely un-useful
 The item was in perfect NEW condition but it was not for the older PSP . It was for the newer slimmer model . Nowhere on the item description did it say that it was for the newer model . It was inexpensive so it is not worth spending the money to send it back .
 The first one I bought was defective but I contacted the seller and they shipped me another one for free.Something bad was that there were black dots on the screen area of the case that you could n't remove , it was on both of the ones I received so I was constatnly staring at those black dots while playing . That was only a minor problem though.After 5 months of using the case , I took off the case to sell the psp . I kept my psp in perfect condition but after taking off the case , I noticed areas all over my psp were scratched up . The parts above and below the screen were scratched and the back was scratched up . I realized the case had scratched it up because this case is too tight over the psp and pushes against it.In the end , this case damaged the exterior of my psp more than if I had n't used it at all . Please beware of purchasing this case . If it seems a little tight over your psp , do n't use it.Was used on a PSP 3000 .
 case was made for psp-slim -LRB- psp3000 -RRB- ca n't beat the price at $ 0.99 the button layout for the home , volume , screen brightness , start/select works perfectly fine , but the case dos n't fit 100 % the analog stick will get stuck between the case and the button are made rather difficult to press due to it being too close to the case . you can open and close the door for the UMD but it feels really flimsy and does n't close half the time . I would suggest spending a few dollars more and buying a better case
 the case i received was not the correct case . the case in the pics is for the original psp -LRB- thats what i needed -RRB- ... the case i received looked nothing like the pics and didnt fit my sons psp ... the case i received must be for the psp 2000/3000 not the original psp
 Eforcity is a great seller . A + . smooth transactions and very fast shipping , BUT this product is the worst , pictures are real nice here , but the final product is badly manufactured and very uncomforable for real players , it is great if you want to put your psp away and nothing will happen to it , but playing with it is awefull ! NOT RECOMMMENDED !!! the best cover or case for the psp while playing is the silicone ones !
 What a rip-off . I 've been a huge fan of Hoyle Card Games 2005 and was really looking forward to a new version . What they decided to package was the exact same game but with Black Jack and 2 new , never before heard of games.The character players are the exact same
 Sure , the graphics are good , and there are a lot of games . But the software is BUGGY , with a `` rewards system '' that malfunctions , sound glitches , etc. . And when you write for tech support , all they will tell you is to send the COMPLETE package back for a refund .
 The game is full of bugs , it just doesnt run right on Windows . The screen constantly freezes , etc. . Dont buy this product .
 I plunked down $ 19.99 plus MD tax at Best Buy for this product . It works great if you never , ever , play Craps . If you play craps , you can grow a beard while waiting for it to respond . I play on a laptop and it is simply snail speed , with at least 30-60 seconds between plays . According to other reviews on the web , the same happens on desktops . I do n't know , but I do know that Encore , the manufacturer , on the website support basically says , if it is not working , too bad for you . Do n't believe me , look it up .
 Ca n't upload this game on my computer -LRB- Win XP sp2 , computer less than 12 months old -RRB- and tech support is only listed for 2005 version of game - unsure what to do at this point - ca n't find a phone number , ca n't get any help . Would have given zero stars if there was a way to do so .
 I was very displeased with this product . When installed I was prompted to insert `` Product Key # '' which was not supplied with the CD . I contacted the distributor and was referred to someone else who in turn referred me back to the distributor . When contacting Amazon they promptly instructed me to return the product for a replacement . This I did and when the replacement arrived I had the same problem . Again I contacted to the distributor and was informed I would have an answer within 24 hours . After 3 days , with no response from the distributor , I contacted Amazon requesting authorization for return which I did . 7 Days later I received a response from the distributor stating I should unstall trial program and reinstall and not have to have a product key # . Since the CD had already be returned I could not try this .
 I ca n't believe any company would be so sadistic as to create a game like Hoyle card games 2007 . I own all the Hoyle card games up to and including 2007 , but at this point I wo n't waste money on any more . In my opinion Hoyle should be held accountable for any stroke or heart attack that the frustration of this game WILL cause . I have tried to email someone at Navarre Corporation to no avail . I am a baby boomer and will advertise their products -LRB- all Bad -RRB- . bronk
 This is a great software for quickly learning games that you 're not familiar with . It does NOT , however , meet the visual and audio standards of any PC game in the last 10 years at least . It has a nice feature to earn ` Hoyle Bucks ' to spend on different graphics , sounds and opponents . This system does not always work , unfortunately , making the games less fun and interesting .
 The sticker has a white dot areaThe graphic is not as detial as it was show in the pictureAnd most of all it does not fitIt says is for DS LITE and I have a DS lite but the sticker of the back area will run over where the connection is to open and close NDS ...
 I order this steering wheel and paid for it . It came and when I opened it there was nothing with it . No screws to mount it to the table with and no software . I e-mailed the person that I bought it from and still no responce so as far as I am corcerned I was just ripped off.Iam very disapointed with this deal .
 ILogitech WingMan Formula GP Racing Wheel - USBI WAS HAPPY WITH IT THANKS
 I ca n't help but rate this item very low . I 've been going through the other reviews and I do n't understand how people are having so much fun with this.I 've tested this mainly on Colin McRae Rally 2 , and CMR 3 . The games are really great driving games , and CMR3 even detected the Wingman Formula GP before I installed the logitech software . But driving in these games using this wheel is a series of zig-zags through the rally tracks!It 's terribly annoying , you spend more time trying desperatly to aim the car at the road , steering left and right furiously , than actually concentrating on the race , the curves and your timing.I 've played some tracks dozens of times and up to now , using the wheel , I simply can not beat the time I did with the keyboard on my first try!So ... what 's the point to buying a steering wheel and pedals if you can actually play driving games better on your keyboard ?
 The game I ordered was tetris , instead I got 2 demo games . Neither are full games . What a rip . It was a gift for my daughters birthday . A total waste of money .
 The biggest problem with this game is IT DOES NOT SUPPORT HDTV . If you have and use the XBox HDTV pack , then do n't waste your money because this game WILL NOT PLAY on the xbox using the HDTV pack . You must use the standard XBox cable .
 this game is boring all you do is shapes come down and u try to get the shapes right
 Just bought this controller and was super pleased with the price , but as they say , you get what you pay for . This controller has a mind of it 's own . I have tried to callibrate it several times and it still goes off on it own . If you want to play ROMS using this controller you can forget it . Ive tried to callibrate it using several emulators with no luck . Should have saved my dollar for 10-10-220 .
 I just got this for my son for Christmas and we are truly disappointed . It does n't work in our Xbox . I did not say Xbox 360 but Xbox . The screen reads that this game is not supported . It makes no sense since this is allegedly for the Xbox .
 The ` Time Crisis ' series seemed to really work at the arcade . Hey , why not bring it to a home console ? It would work , the light guns should work , and it works with normal TV 's ! Unfortunately , it does not work . Many of you are familiar with the shooting from the old ` Duck Hunt ' game , where the gun sends and receives light through a photodiode in the barrel of the light gun . Well , this is the same thing.Your aiming will always be off . At the beggining , you have to calabrate your gun , and if you move from that postition , your aiming will be off . This is a problem , because there is no cursor to show you what part of the screen your gun is actually pointing at , it 's more of a shoot randomly until you hit somthing type game.The technology is NOT like on the Wii , there is no sensor bar . So this game does not work in terms of technology . And plus , there 's no point in this arcade game for your ps2 ... the gameplay is only about 5-10 minutes a level ... and there are only 3 levels . They say that there are extras , but the extras are dull . The gun cycling on this is not cool , and you really have to cycle through , and not point at the screen and select .
 I 'd like to give this game a good review , but unless you read the fine print , you may be as dissapointed as I was to discover that it does n't work on LCD televisions . It also is incompatible with rear projection and plasma television sets .
 People , I do n't know what you see in this game . It 's not really a bad game , it 's just an average arcade shooter . More often than not , I ca n't even hit the enemy because the action occurs so quickly . I pop out from behind something and I 'm dead meat . Pick up the second one to see what it was like to play a good Time Crisis game .
 The box and the title page was not original and was actually from somewhere like Hollywood video . Bad quality . Came in when it was supposed to . But I can not even resell this if I wanted to .
 I 'm going to be short .1 -RRB- the game is fun .2 -RRB- grphics arnt bad but just not good .3 -RRB- story is just fine but not to engaging .4 -RRB- the game takes a sort of feird turn tword the end .5 -RRB- the game is chalenging .6 -RRB- wepon veriety is good.In short if you realy want a fps get killzone . If you dont like the realizm of killzone get this game .
 Frankly , anybody that says this game is `` HALO for PS2 '' , is delerious . This game was bad . Not good , not even mediocre . It was terrible.The graphics and textures were grainy , bland , and sported far less detail than the PS2 is able to crank out . The controls were unreponsive , the weapons themselves were extremely inaccurate , the enemies were idiots , and the game 's design and gameplay was linear to the point of obnoxiousness . You spend most of the game running down narrow corridors , fighting enemies hiding behind bits of cover , hunting for a key to open a door with . The multiplayer mode had a paltry few small , poorly rendered maps . There was no variety in the enemies in the game , and very little variety in the weapons.This game was substandard even judging by other FPS games that this same company has made . THQ also made Red Faction II , which was light-years beyond this in quality . Timesplitters 2 is light years beyond this . SOCOM is far superior to this . Even the PS2 port of QUAKE III is better in terms of action and level design and graphics quality.In general , it felt like this game was simply unfinished , and that no effort at all was put forth into making it . It could have been much , much better without pushing the envelope of what the PS2 can do . This game was simply a product that was rushed out the door without any revision or tweaking . I would not recommend it to anyone . Get Red Faction II instead .
 First of all , aaargh , this game is just plain boring . Im lucky i only rented it because if i bought it would have been a complete waste of money . The graphics are n't good , the fun you get out of it is extremely limited , and it will do you more good spending your money on a stupid cuddly toy . Personally , i would buy Dawn of War instead . It has better graphics , it 's based on warhammer 40k more than Fire Warrior -LRB- if you 're a 40k fan -RRB- , you can choose from orks , eldar , space marines and chaos , you can paint your own armies , zoom in to one gretchin 's massive nose or his gun which is over half as big as him , or tell your force commander to call an orbital bombardment and the game is just pure fun . The best thing is that all units have unique finishing moves eg . a dreadnought picks up an ork , squishes the life out of him and hurls him into the distance
 Warhammer Fire Warrior is just worth a rental . Just like many fps shooter out there , the replay value is not very long , unless you play through the whole campaign on a harder setting . Well in contrast there is n't any replay value what so ever.I was given the game from my friend because he was selling his Playstation 2 . I was somewhat excited because it Warhammer , but i knew that it would never be halo . The opening cut scene look so cool and i started to wonder maybe it is n't all that bad . Little did i know that it was the only above par in the whole game . The opening scene was very cool , but sadly the game does n't even look anything as good as the scene . You start off the game with a average training to say the least . There nothing new here , nothing that have n't been done by halo or any other fps . Well halo was n't actually that good . In fact the training did n't even tell you how to use your sword , you would have to look it up in your manual . Well in my opinion , training mission are n't really important , what really important is the fun factor.Now moving on , the game start off as you are in a tau dropship . You have a few tau soldier on board -LRB- around 4 or 5 -RRB- and an instructor that tell you how many second is left before landing.The ship is pretty cool in it own right . Once you land the al bots actually get out of the ship before you can even start , which is ridiculous . Now you can really see the battlefield for the first time and say wow . Sadly your al bots really suck because their armor is so weak . The enemy al are a lot smarter that your own . The game start off as you begin to fight enemy in a narrow corridor sort of like the trench in WWI . It actually better than a non linear path because it harder to get lost . In fact i would laugh at you if you could n't find your way around . That is just a figure of speech showing how easy the pathfinding is . Along the way you meet up with a few other tau warrior -LRB- not as many as call of duty -RRB- which feel less intense but as you could guess , they die so fast you wonder why do they even fight . after you kill some enemy -LRB- space marine -RRB- you enter building which you have to kill the space marine sargent -LRB- the one with the navy hat and a chainshaw -RRB- and to my surprise you ca n't pick up the chainshaw because once he die , his body quickly disappear . One of the thing i like about this game is there is only three keys and you can find them whenever you kill a sargent . Another thing is like halo 2 where you have a recharge shield , once your in a heat of battle , quickly retreat and wait till your shield is up and continue the battle , which is better than not having one . Another thing is the health pickup seem to be everywhere which is easier for a less intense battle . Now what sort of bother me is the death animation of the enemy and your own is pretty lame , not only does the enemy die slowly , but often time you find yourselve wasting 20 to 30 bullet and then found out they are already hit after the 6 bullet . And sometime when you think their dead , they are actually just crouching . Another bad point about this game is the space marine take too many bullet to bring them down , fortunately you have a lot of bullet in your weapon . Another strong point in the game is that you can only carry a primary and a secondary weapon only just like halo . Some might argue that this is a bad thing but your primary weapons ca n't be swap for another weapon , only your secondary weapon can be swap . Which make sense considering that this is the tau main firepower -LRB- hense the name fire warrior -RRB- . The gun themselve does n't justify themselve . What i mean is the different gun in the game does n't really differ themselve from one another . You might be surprise but throughout the course of the game i use the same secondary weapon throughout each mission . Another not so hot point of the game is no matter what gun you decided to pick up , you can still kill load of enemy . Here an example , the two gun that you use in your training mission actually fire the same bullet with the same rate of fire , and the secondary fire is the same just a more rapid fire rate . This is really a shame considering that this game could have been so much more.Now after you found the key , kill all hostile forces , and unlock door , you face an enemy gunship . It took me a couple of time to defeat the gunship . The secret is that you have to shoot the fan on both side of the gunship before it can be destroy . After you have destroy the gunship your dropship approach at your extraction point . Go up to the door and it will open for you , then turn right and turn another right , and go up the stair and turn right and you will see your dropship -LRB- remind me of halo -RRB- and enter it , your first mission is a success . Depending how well you do in the mission , you gain point or ranks.Sadly there is no cut scene after you finish your first mission , and you find yourselve in the same familar spot . The same , plain boring dark , desert like spot -LRB- think of mars -RRB- . Your second mission require you to find the key , kill the enemy , and unlock door -LRB- does n't this sound familar ? -RRB- . The whole game is actually like the first two mission . It get really repetitve after a short time . The only reason i play this game was because i wanted to see what the ending was like , which i wo n't spoil the fun for you.The tank for the enemy in the game is pretty awesome when you first saw it jump over a huge gap above your head and stand in awe . Sadly their is not that much vehicle in the game . A huge downer was the fact that the game take one day throughout the mission so basically everything is the same . It would have been a whole lot better if you could fight in different environment and as different races . Fire warrior is n't the borinest game but it is n't the funnest either . The sound of your instructure sound too human and do n't fit it profile as a tau . One thing that i thought they should add was tau and human civilian and drivable vehicle . The game has more con than pro that it overshawdow all hopes of a good game.In short it only worth a rental and just that . Do n't waste your money on this game even if it is only 20 bucks.P.S . I am 17 and did n't feel it was important to write my email .
 Well I 've played HALO and the graphics are fiar but the soildeiers are supposed to have the same uniforms ! I mean what would war be if you did n't know who 's on your side or not . Seriously trying to remeber that Bob 's blue and andy 's purple that the medic is pink I ` mean come on!I like the title says I do n't know much but this game is all right . My freind -LRB- who owns HALO and pre ordered HALO2 -RRB- is a tech maniac putting it lightly and fills me in on all lot of graphics mumbo-Jumbo and according to him the did n't even tape much of the PS2 power.As for the controls they could be better but hey if you are dissing the people who made this try it yourself . I have a copy of Blitz Basic which is a beginers try at game designed trust me there 's alot more to it than typing numbers.You have to do practicly pages of math just to do somethin like Alien Attack which was state of the art back way back when.Now I 'm a thirteen year old go ahead and pass over me now if you wish but gaming is about all my freinds and I talk about from codes to the latest flight simulater -LRB- which were all crazy about flying -RRB- . So this game is pretty good for my standards but keeping the dissing about the desiners of this game to a minamal .
 I cant see the where the folks who gave even ok to this product came from , I found teh controls so difficult to use after hrs of playing i still couldnt finish the 1st mission . Move forward and reverse on 1 stick , turn left and right on the other . I couldnt handle it and probably wont even try agian im so fustrated .
 The game has nice graphics and good user controls . The biggest bummer is that you can not save your progress . So every time you start the game you always start on the same starting level . This gets old . Only if you finish an episode -LRB- multiple levels - which can take over and hour -RRB- can you then `` skip '' forward to the next level upon start .
 I am a sucker for Star Wars , having been programmed to love it at an early age . The screenshots of this game look great , almost like a cut-down `` Rogue Squadron , '' but once you see them in motion , they 're a lot less interesting . Worse , the gameplay is n't tweaked at all , you 're just running down the clock or shooting x number of enemies until the green bar at the bottom of the screen goes away.This is yet another lost opportunity for a portable Star Wars game . It 's particularly disturbing because this one had so much potential , being set in the `` classic trilogy '' and featuring Han Solo and Chewbacca.Pocket Studios , the developer , is on my enemies list now . Not only did they ruin this game , they also bungled their rendition of Midway 's Arcade Classics -LRB- Defender/Robotron/Joust / Sinistar -RRB- , which Digital Eclipse could have ported in their sleep . Wo n't someone * please * give my childhood memories to a company that is less likely to ruin them ?
 This is one of the worst games I 've ever played . For example if you do n't beat the whole episode and you lose all your continues you go back to the beginning . The game is also almost impossible and you do n't even get to be out of your ship ! If you want my advice , DO N'T BUY THIS GAME !
 I bought this game because most Star Wars games are decent . It looked decent on the back , sort of like an updated version of the old vector arcade Star Wars , except using the Falcon instead of an X-Wing . The first level was not bad , the 2nd is almost impossible . The worst part of he game is there is no battery save and on top of that if you dont complete the entire `` movie '' sequence of levels , you have to start at the very beginning . One of the worst titles I 've ever picked up on GBA , definitely a rent , i 'll be trading mine in for sure . Reeks up there with `` Disney Party ''
 The story contained in this game develops like a bad anime . Essentially you are plucked from the streets of Metropolis due to your potential as a great race car driver -LRB- based on the fact that you can drive an ambulance real fast -RRB- . You start to work essentially for organized crime , but eventually you move on your own to start your own racing team with friends -LRB- the mob lets you go if you win one race , beacue its the right thing to do -RRB- . You do not really have any competition.The graphics of this game are excellent , though repetitive . While the car races are fun intially , they too become repetetive . Your car upgrades do not really accomplish anything.Unfortunately , I bought this game when it first came out for $ 60 . If I had bought it for its current reduced price I would have given it an extra half of star .
 AVOID this STEAMING PILE !!! R
 At first glance , i thought to myself ... `` Hey , a game with Spawn and lots of action ... cool . `` After i somehow endured the first hour of this game i neither able to glance at it nor think straight . My mind had been forever scared from this visually shocking -LRB- shockingly horrible -RRB- , painful , pointless , corrupt , lame , unecessarily foul-mouthed , idiotic , disgraceful game -LRB- if it could actually be called that ... i could go on and on -RRB- THE GAME SUCKS !!!!! Dont even consider buying it.One of the worst parts of the title -LRB- not worthy of being called a game -RRB- is the soundtrack . The developement crew was hyped up because they were going to record songs by ... Marilyn Manson ?! No way , i dont think so . Marilyn Manson doesnt deserve to be alive as it is , but to put his crap in a video game . This game is pathetic .
 Title
 If you are a fan of spawn comics or if you are into repetitive mindless button mashing , then this could be the game for you . My frustration with this game is how you had to adjust the camera angles during fight sequences . I am not sure if there is a way that this can be better done , but it made me dizzy watching it at times . I liked some of the cynical humor , especially after you beat the `` violator '' and he says `` your my b ** ch '' . I am also a fan of intermediate saves , which this game does not have . I wish more games would do this . Would n't buy , but okay as a rental .
 Please save your money and dont purchase this drek . Rent it first . Itis too late for me i spent my money and have been hosed . This game is a wretched or worse than the Playstation Spawn game . Graphics are marginal at best . it 's like the original Devil May Cry with all the fun sucked out . I am a Spawn fan and that didnt even get through the 2nd level before i turned off my Xbox in disgust and it is actually difficult to get me to hate a game . THIS IS NOT A GIFT IDEA FOR ANYONE . DONT FALL FOR THE CHRISTMAS TRAP . i really wish i had something nice to say about but i dont . this game has no redeeming value .
 Spawn Armageddon is hack and slash game played in the third person perspective . Similar to `` Devil May Cry '' , you use combo moves and slash at demonic creatures with your sword/shield . You can also collect and purchase weapons like guns and magic spells . When you kill demonic creatures you can collect their souls and add to your magic or energy level . The main problem with this game are the bland level designs , repetitious action and bad camera angles.Pros : + good attack combos + lots of abilities + good controlsCons : - boring level design-bad camera angles-cheap graphics-repetative-weak sound fx-junk heavy metal music-game has a generic feelThis game is not worth buying because it just looks and feels so cheap and generic .
 The Oddworld games for the PS1 and the Oddworld game by the same name as this GBA title for the XBox proved to be fun and challenging games . And while this GBA conversion of Munch 's Oddysee is challenging indeed , fun it is not -LRB- God , I sounded like Yoda right there ... -RRB- . In Munch 's Oddysee , you can control either Munch , an amphibean type alien , or Abe ; and switch between the two . This feature comes in handy due to the fact that each character has different characteristics that can get you farther in the game . For example , Munch can swim -LRB- where as Abe ca n't -RRB- while Abe can run fast and carry large objects -LRB- where as Munch ca n't -RRB- , while both can enlist help from other creatures in certain situations . One of the things that the console Oddworld games were famous for was the bizarre humor and one liners that were always so apparent in the various games . Here however , virtually none of that is to be found . The graphics are fuzzy and definitely not the best ever seen on the GBA , and the controls are pretty touchy and awkward . While hardcore Oddworld fans will want to give this a try , other gamers should leave this one on the shelf .
 I like the story , nice action packed fast paced the character is actually attractive . But the 1st person play is not very much fun for me . But is in Excellent condition .
 It was too hard on easy mode . It 's a first-person shooter with the combat engine geared towards martial arts ... but in such a way that guns are still the most lethal , and most logical , option.The concept is interesting , but the playability is close to nil , and winds up having an `` overdone '' feeling . Objects are hard to use ... you have to stand * just right * , and you have to press once to pick up , once again to accept , and once more to use any object . I 'm sure there 's a compelling conspiracy story in there somewhere ... there almost always is with the Archetypal Amnesiac Adventure Hero made popular in the early 90 's by `` Total Recall , '' but the white-on-white text makes it very difficult to read what it is.I really would n't recommend this game to anyone , but enough people seem to like it that it may be worth a shot .
 The first moment i realized i was n't going to like this game was the first time i tried to pick up an extra clip of ammo . While i am being shot at , my character calmly picks up the clip and proceeds to stare at it and examine it in his hand , WHILE I AM BEING SHOT AT . Its the general counterintuitive nature of things like that in this game that really bothered me , moreso than anything else . Why would they institute an overly complicated mess of auto targeting with weaponry instead of having your normal point and fire crosshairs ? Why why why ?!? Yes this game has a few ` immersive ' moments , and yes it COULD have been something great , but quite frankly i couldnt get beyond the rank stupidity of the way shooting is done , and the frustration caused when you die because your character seems to be oh so much more interested in looking at an extra clip of ammo than the fact that he is getting shot .
 This game is too long . Just when you think that you 've beat it , another 10 to 20 hrs of play is added . Fighting umpteen monsters in first person is rather tiresome and when you are able to defeat them all , you know that it is luck . I must say this is about the worst game i 've ever played
 Dis game is uuuuuuurting . fin you go play and its over like dat . No funnies and no hottie gurls . would rather spent my money on other stuff .
 i read the reviews , but thought i 'd try it anyway - i should n't have wasted my time . I-Ninja sucks .
 Please do not buy this game . It is a complete waste of time . This is time you will never get back . Think about it , life is very short . Do n't waste your time and money on this game . Use it wisely in more worthwhile pursuits like clipping your toe nails and finding the meaning of life .
 i got i-ninja when it first came out . for the GCN caus i thaught it looked allright after playing the demos . i regret buying it now , the storyline doesnt really work . the music was good but the graphics sub/par , there were uber moves ... . but they havnt got the essense of ninjai at all . i played about 10 levels and now im over it . im probibly gon na sell it or give it to my little brother for a belated christmas preasent , =-RRB- haha .
 If you want to waste some money and bore yourself stupid , get I-Ninja . I thought it would be a great challenge with meaningful insights . Instead I found the humor terse and the skill level , well there was none . There is much better out there .
 I admit , this game is a lot of fun ... AT FIRST . The games style is uniquely fresh and i admire the attempt , however its time to get down to brass tacks . Frankly , the enemies are a mere annoyance in this game and pose no real threat at all . Its simply a matter of choosing the right form . And while u dont have to change to beat specific enemies , the game will never forgive you for it . A certain enemy has a shield , making it resistant to guns , and if u so much as think about shooting it the game will sound `` Gun doesnt seem to work '' `` I dont think i should use gun '' `` thats not a good idea '' I wouldnt mind if they only told you once , but no ! Every 3 seconds they have to shout this . If u like playing games while listening to something other than the game its a rental for sure .
 this game sux horribally u shouldnt get it for couple of reasons . 1 . its on ps2 which is horrible if u own one throw it out n get an xbox they r WAY better . 2 . the game sux . 3 . u shouldnt play it . I was dissopointed when i played it very much i hated it dont buty it its a waste of money !!!!
 The graphics are fair . The physics -LRB- car handling -RRB- is fair to poor . There is no damage modelling . There is never any weather - always a dry track . -LRB- if you run off track though , the handling changes , more or less as it should -RRB- What 's worst is the AI of the other drivers . If you successfully follow any other opponent for more than 1/4 a lap , they get `` nervous '' and make a mistake . You literally can not follow anyone around on the track , in a race , and not have them screw something up so that then you can pass . It is so perfectly predictable , that you can time your moves to the mistakes they will make . Boring , boring , boring . There is absolutely no challenge in racing this game by yourself against the machine.The only fun is in time trialing -LRB- and how much fun is that after a while ? -RRB- or in dual player race mode . Also , dual player race mode clears the track of traffic , so it 's only you and your partner . Pretty dull.Best racing on the GC is still EA 's Nascar Thunder 2004 , in my experience . It really taught me to appreciate American Stock Car racing.cheers , Boris
 We 're still waiting for our order to come in the mail . It was a birthday gift for my 12-year-old son . That was a month ago . The game has not arrived .
 I really like Corvettes , because not only is it cool that Chevy , the typically cheapest part of GM , makes the best sports car , but their value-driven performance , low repair costs , and respectable fuel economy make them a great buy . And , of course , the Corvette is an American icon.So when I saw this game , I was excited . Fifty years of Corvettes ? Sweet!I was so wrong.Yes , this game contains 50 years of Corvettes . That 's about all it delivered . If you can deal with the laggy framerate and middlin ' graphics , you 'll notice that the cars in the game have about a 2 second delay in responding to your controller inputs , and when they do respond , they do so in a floaty and generic manner that is the same for almost all the cars in the game , regardless of generation or year.Add some decent tracks that do n't particularly add much to the game , the fact that there is no car damage , no police chases to speak of -LRB- which most arcade-style driving games have -RRB- , and some completely irrelevant `` upgrades , '' and you 've got a recipe for a really lousy game whose `` fun '' level is on par with oral surgery.Don ' t waste your money with this shameful attempt to cash in on the Corvette name . Buy a decent racing simulator -LRB- Gran Turismo -RRB- or arcade game -LRB- NFS -RRB- that at least contains a few Corvettes and does n't utterly suck .
 This game stinks . I bought it because it was only $ 5 . I hate this game . The police are soooooooooooooo stupid . I like the cars but the game is just HORRIBLE . They do n't even let you race on some tracks . So do n't buy it .
 this just had bad graphics and wasnt a good game at all i only bought it because the price was so low and i like chevy cars ...
 It felt and looked like I was playing a ps1 game from the late 90 's . The Corvettes have a nice sound , the cars do not drive realisticly , they handle and feel heavy , the graphics are a little behind compared to there competitors . In comparison to Gran tursimo aspec , the corvette does not look photo realistic . The replays are very nauseating to watch and there is a limited number of tracks per car . I recommend renting the game . The game is not very good , its just good . Thats why the price was reduced . However the vital info on the vettes is good for learning and understanding what numbers the vette puts down in the 1/4 mile run and 0-60 times .
 First of all , thank God that I did n't buy this game before borrowing it from two of my friends , because I was very disappointed in this game . And , of course , like every videogame out there , this game DID have some good parts to it , but , of course , it had some bad parts to it.Pros > pretty good graphics > great cars > great tracksCons > on PS2 , you have to press X really hard to get to your top speed > racing gets boring after a couple of races > in multiplayer mode , Player 2 has to race using first person view -LRB- which is really stupid ! -RRB- > the car handling stinks > the menu music can get annoyingIf you want to buy a good racing game , do n't buy this game . You should buy NFSU or any other NFS game . Heck , you could buy Ford Racing 2 , that 's just as good . I recommend that you rent this game before buying it . If you like it , hey , that 's your opinion .
 This Game Stinks I Bought It For 10 Bucks Just of The Price And It Was Not As Good As I Thought It Was Going To Be The Graphics Are Horrable and I Like Racing Games and This One Stinks !!!
 This game is truly awful . It is , without a doubt , the WORST racing game I have ever played . Racing games I played on my old Sega Genesis were better than this boring , stupid game . The cars look ok , but they 're not half as good as the ones in `` GRAN TURISMO 3 '' . They 're just not fun to race . You can only race certain cars on certain tracks and that just plain STINKS ! Even the opening movie is BORING . Two vettes endlessly racing down the highway for what seems an eternity.Take my advice and stay clear of this game . There are better racing titles out there like `` BURNOUT '' , `` NEED FOR SPEED UNDERGROUND '' , `` MIDNIGHT CLUB 2 '' , `` GRAN TURISMO 3 '' and even `` FORD RACING 2 '' . Try one of them but forget this game . It is TERRIBLE ! - George Bauch .
 I just recently bought this game and put it in my PS2 . WOW ... what a disappointment . The graphics do not even compare with Tourist Trophy and the gameplay and controls are a horrible attempt at a simulation . You can not even turn around on a track during a race !!! The graphics make MotoGP4 look like it belongs on the PS One . The only somewhat positive part of this game is the AI in that you race against more racers at a time than in TT . Overall , I wish I had saved my money . Two thumbs down .
 ok so i rented this game because i herd it was pretty cool.well i played it while i had it and omg its horable the gameplay is the worst nothing near realistic and im a fan of grand tourismo so yea.the graphics are pretty nice though i have to say.overall the game is ok i guess
 Spawn
 Definitivamente este juego tiene muy buenos graficos y excelente banda sonora . Pero una carrera con carros que parecen unas tortugas -LRB- por lo lento -RRB- , no es carrera.Si lo que buscas en un juego de carros apacionante , donde la adrenalina te ponga a vibrar , te recomiendo Burnout 2 y Project Gottam Racing 2 . Son los mejores !!! .
 I am a big fan of solitaire and am not intimidated by sophisticated games , as such . However , after installing the game , I found that when I started up the game , trying to get to the actual solitaire game was secondary to going online to check for updates -LRB- not by my choice -RRB- . During setup , I told it not to search online at each startup of game , yet it does that whenever I reboot and/or when I open the program to find the game . I went back to preferences and tried again , same result.Sorry for the rant , now for the game itself . It was quite engaging and rewarding to play the series of games . Even though I 've been through several of the tiers , I still think that I could go through it all again in order to improve my scores . If they could have made this solitaire game as a stand alone , I would have been completely happy with it . Since it is n't , I 'm giving it 2 stars for overall . I do n't want to have to subscribe to something unrelated to solitaire or pay more for more games . Just give me what I asked for , thank you.P.S . Amazon.com and the seller listened to my comments to my satisfaction . Great seller , poorly designed product .
 I like the game , but the thing keeps crashing and causing me to do a hard start on my computer , so even though I find the game very enjoyable , I have uninstalled the game because it constantly crashes my computer . So the gaming is good , but the way it works leaves much to be desired ...
 The game is an interesting version of solitaire and I enjoyed following the story until it crashed during play in the second book . I uninstalled and reinstalled , but had the same problem . A game which can not be finished is not amusing . Apparently , this problem is not unknown for this game from what I have read on the Internet . Wish I had read those comments before purchase .
 I got ta get this off my chest . I 've been following theNinjai series -LRB- The original little Ninja -RRB- for a long time now . When I saw the name I Ninja I immediatley thought of Ninjai . So curiousity killed the cat , I bought the game . It was ok . But as I played the game it was a complete rip off of Ninjai and a cheap imitation at that . I am planning to return it because I do n't want my money supporting rip offs .
 I Ninja is n't fun at all . If I could give it 0 stars , I would , but that is not an option.Don ' t get this game . The graphics are lame , the music is annoying , I ninja is creepy-looking and his moves suck .
 If you want to waste some money and bore yourself stupid , get I-Ninja . I thought it would be a great challenge with meaningful insights . Instead I found the humor terse and the skill level , well there was none . There is much better out there .
 i 've tried the game and it is n't worth it ...
 This is a very generic platformer that follows the formula of Super Mario 64 , but is no where as fun as any of the 3D Mario platformers . Each level/stage has to be played 3 + times to get the tokens/coins/etc . needed to move on to the next level . The game play is very repetitive and I got bored after the first world , by the second to last world I quit playing and traded it in .
 why has every spawn game sucked ? Poor camera control , i had very high hopes forthis tittle , but the developers failed to deliver on the camera control its frustrating to watch the camera glitch out and spin out of control every time yourback is to a wall , you cant see whats around you . the graphics arent as good as theycould be . over all this game sucks and im a big spawn fan .
 Wow . To say that this game is a disappointment would be like calling a screwdriver driven into my ear a `` head-ache '' . Do n't fork out your money for this one , unless you 've rented it first and actually enjoyed playing it.The graphics are better than the last Wrestlemania game , but the controls are just as frustrating . Even when you put a finishing move on an opponent , it seems like too often they pop right up and knock you off of your ladder or cage or kick out of a three count . And if you find yourself in a triple threat or fatal fourway match ? Frustration ! You 'll be trying so hard to face the right guy , that by the time you do , another opponent will come from behind and put a move on you . Ugh!There is no elimination chamber match . Do n't buy this game thinking this is an option . Pretty much , it has all the same matches that were on the last Wrestlemania game . The story-mode is a load of poop . You go through a bunch of street-fights such as a construction sight and get double or tripled-teamed . All the story mode is good for is getting you to curse in anger.In short , I encourage you to rent this game . If you have a Gamecube and like wrestling games , try Def Jam Vendetta . If you have a PS2 , the Smackdown series is totally better . Find out for yourself .
 This is one of the worse wrestling games I have ever played . Look at the graphics . The blood looks so stupid . Im sorry to say this but all wrestlemania games stink . wwe smackdown 5 is 100 times better than this crap .
 Wrestlemania is a good game but not as good as smackdown 5 it has a echamber it has bra and panities it has better graphic it has better entrance then any other game wrestlemania is better then raw 2 but when smackdown 5 comes out it will be the best wrestling game ever .
 he talks about how much he likes lita but he probly jacksoff to her
 the only reason i even bought this game was because smackdown here comes the pain had not been released yet and i just wanted to play a new wrestling . this game is really bad . no season mode and the wrestlers do n't wear the championship belts to the ring . you ca n't even defend titles . besides that , the only titles on the game are wwe , world , and both sets of tag titles . this game is just horrible . the only cool thing is the blood . this game ca n't even compare to last years smackdown let alone the new one .
 you all pencil neck geeks ! shut the hell up with # 1 rating ! smackdown 5
 you cant even do the 619 or west coast with rey mysterio . you do angleslam off the turnbuckle . What is revenge mode with throwing police officers around and without any wrestling . Here comes the pain is awsome . it even has a first blood match and elimination chamber . raw 2 is better then wreslemania . At least Raw 2 has a real season mode and not a stupid revenge mode . so wreslemania is the worst wrestling game ever !!!!
 This game is the worst wrestling game ever . It really suxs . I have played almost ever other wrestling game and this is by far the worst game ever . Maybee for the first 2 or 3 missions it would be ok to fight out side or in the shopping mall , but for 25 straight missions NO WAY . You do n't even fight in the ring . This game suxs and is a waiste of money ... . DO NOT BY THIS GAME UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE
 When I think of great wrestling games I think of one system , Nintendo 64 . They set the standered for wrestling games . So when the Gamecube was released I thought for sure that THQ would breakout the greatest wrestling game of all time . But instead they decided to change the great grapling system of old with some new crap , more like Smackdown than No Mercy . So I was dissapointed to say the least . When I read that they were going back to a No Mercy like grapling system this year my hopes were back again . Now that it 's here I have to pose this question . Why do people make bad games?Before I say what I mean by that let me say that this game is much better than last years effort . Indead they did bring back a lot of the old grapling system from No Mercy , including the best part , being able to work on one part of the body , like say a leg , and weaken it for say a Maple Leaf by Lance Storm . But at the same time , they changed some things , and not for the better . The weak graples are n't done the same , instead of tapping the grapple button then pushing strike and a direction , you push the grapple button and a direction at the same time . This is n't as good , as it moves the match along at an arcade like speed . The game moves much faster in most all aspects , as apposed to No Mercy 's slower , more sim like feel . With that said , the game still needs work to be as good control wise as No Mercy.So what about the features . The Story mode , which is supposed to be the main single player game , sucks . You take a supperstar who has been screwed by Vince , and try to screw up Wrestlmania to get back at him . Never does a fight take place in the ring , they 're all backstage and other locations outside of the squared-circle . The missions require you to do dumb stuff like throw 10 secrurity guards off of a constuction site . You repeat that about 5 times for the first of 5 missions , and they do n't get any funner . Now I know some might think something as small as not being able to bring you wrestler out with his belt is not a factor , but it is . Imagine you want to have some rivalries going on with your group of friends , and you finally beat the guy who always wins , but you ca n't rub it in his face by entering the ring the next match with the gold around your waste . It 's sad , espescially since it 's such a small thing , because it would have been no problem to add it . So is there a redeeming factor . The create-a-wrestler is maybe the best ever . It has everything you could possibly do to a wrestler -LRB- other than have an escort to the ring , which is again sad -RRB- . The detail you can add to your wrestler is great , you can even design your own logos for his clothes . Sadly that alone does n't make the game worth buying . Maybe next year THQ will finally make a worthy sequal to No Mecry .
 I ca n't believe it . I bought into the hype . I rushed out and bought Wrestlemania XIX , got it home and played it for about 2 days before trading it in on Mario Golf.This game had a decent control system as long as you were only wrestling one opponent . There is no story mode and the Revenge mode is infuriating . The titles hold no meaning either ; they 're determined in King of the Ring type tournaments . That 's fine though , because you 'd never know anyone was a champion when they walk to the ring.The last straw for me was when I set an opponent on the announce table , climbed the ladder that was inches away and jumped off landing on the floor with a thud . I want to get creative . I want to put a table on top of an announce table and jump from the ring off a ladder onto an opponent . Here , you would n't make it out of the ring.As a final note , please do n't believe what you read in the reviews BEFORE a game is released . Amazon does n't stop these `` BEST GAME EVER !!! 1 '' reviews from being posted a month in advance , so do n't believe them . Do your own research and do n't get overzealous and buy it before trying it .
 Well guys count me out for this game . It did n't even last me 24 hours . So here is my final analysis of what I liked and did n't : Liked : Specials -- > Very cool on how you can activate it and have 5 seconds do do as many specials as possible.Blood -- > Yes this could have been better , but Kudos for bringing it backIntroduction -- > The wrestlemania speech is very coolGrappling System -- > Weak/Stong grapples back Yay!Disliked : Replay Value -- > No Story mode , and virtually nothing worthwhile to unlockRevenge Mode -- > Pointless , Repetitive , and virtually nothing worthwhile to unlockCAW Mode -- > Watered down from SYMEntrances -- > Wrestlers walk like Robots and do n't look as good as RAW2 's or even IMO SYMLack of Areanas/Wrestlers -- > No Backlash Unforgiven etc. . . And no Kevin Nash , Sean O'Haire , Bradshaw the list really goes on thereTitles -- > They have very little relevance in this game and once again wrestlers do n't walk out with them , or challenge in exhibition modeHIAC -- > No door to walk out ofBackstage/Interference matches -- > Ummm not thereFighting/Facing Other People -- > Z-Button ? Come-on that 's what the C-Stick is for.There 's more , but I 'm not going to get picky.Goodbye WMXIX , Hello HCTP ...
 Revenge mode prevents WWE Wrestlemainia XIX from being a great game.If you own a Gamecube get this to play as u wait for Day of Reckoning !
 This game is a good game and once i finally beat the game about 3 days later my data was corrupted and had to be deleted . I was so pissed off . I had every good CAW made and I was going to post some but now i do n't even know the formula . Because of that I just gave up on Gamecube Im not gon na beat the game again . I turned to smackdown5 instead ive preordered it a week ago . Its reaLLY GReat and cool.I loved Wrestlemania XIX but now I ca n't Ive just gaven up It took me a while to make sure to unlock the exacct boss instead of a repeat boss . Parking Lot level 5 was hard and i managed to beat it twice . My Caws were Farrooq Bradshaw Charliee Haas Shelton Benjamin Kevin Nash Shane McMahon Rosey Kane unmasked Doink the clown Roadwarrior hawk and my fried made a guy . Now I 'm done Wrestlemania XIX is over till Wrestlemania XX comes out and I hope this problem never happens again . Im just interested in Smackdown 5 which i hadnt . Take this seriously Gamecube is good but Dont waste your money if u have old or even new memory card . My memory card was only like 1 month old i had a bunch of data it all stayed why did Wrestlemania have to go ? Think about it you would hate to have this happen to you . Ohh yea I had Ultimo Dragin as a CAW but I had completed King of the ring and had all items in shop zone and all revenge stages . I completely beat the game . I 'm not going to play this because of that i might play it but i cant bear to think about that so thats why im turning to smackdown 5 .
 hello i got this game last week and i thought i would tell everyone what i think about it ok # 1 its boring # 2 the revenge mode only took a hour to finish # 3 the graphics are the worst i 've ever seen from thq i mean damn ... . they made stephanie mcmahon look like a transvestite if you want my opion do n't waste your money on this game
 I 've noticed that wrestling has n't been very popular as of late and this game wo n't help . It is a piece . It is one of the worst wrestling games ever . The only reason i gave it 2 stars is because the create a wrestler mode is beast and so is exhibition . The reason why the game sucks so bad is because of the revenge mode . It 's just like that crappy-lil gb game betrayal . It 's got absolutely nothing to do w / wrestling . I would n't reccomend it to anyone who is n't a WWE fan . If you 're a fan of WWE , it might be worth a rental . I 'm a huge fan , but it just was n't much fun to play and it 's a huge step down from Wrestlmania X8 .
 I should of listened to the reviews on here . I dont really like games like MEtal Gear Solid and all those Ghost Recon type games because they are just too damn hard for me . I just like shooting and thats what I thought this game was , which it is . The problem is it actually gets pretty hard . There are no check points in any levels so when you die you start all the way back at the beginning and on some levels thats tough because you just barely get by on some parts . Another bad thing is you get killed very easily . Your health drops rediculously fast when someone is shooting you . Also the grenades suck . Everytime I throw a grenade it either lands just a little behind them and doesnt kill them when it explodes or they jump away from it . The first two levels make it seem like an easy game but this game soon becomes a nightmare that I really wish I didnt waste my money on .
 Namco has been known to make their Racing games -LRB- Ridge Racer -RRB- , a few snippets of RPGs -LRB- Xenosaga -RRB- , but the franchise that really sets them apart from the rest is Tekken and the recent triumph of Soul Calibur II . They have earned the title of delivering the most elite fighting games ever . So its not hard to be a little freaked out when they unleash a game like Kill.Switch . If you asked me , I 'd say that they derived the idea from their lackluster , action game Dead to Rights . Neither impressive or a must-have title , Kill.Switch sadly shares a similar fate . The game does in fact fume out a bag of potential , but what it lacks has transformed itself into grave issues that scatter in it . Gamers may in turn be soured by having lost their money , when they could have purchased another game at the same price tag.Kill.Switch looks as if it were inspired by Metal Gear and other countless games that follow Snake Pilsken 's trend . Not to mention a lot of mindless , senseless , kill-anything-that-moves gameplay . We live in a reality where we are told to be the `` good guys , '' and consequentially , it was a pleasant surprise to take the role of a super solider being controlled by a man plotting utter ruination of the world . He wants all countries warring with each other , to inspire fingers of the world to press the kaboom button . That 's where disappointment reigns , Namco does not amplify the story so the player can be as engrossed as it sounds . Nor does he even care about the character he mans . Instead he is forced to do the game 's ultimate bidding ; to gun and gun because it 's filthy fun.The action consists of a third person and if desired , first person , view to get into the gun fest . Basically you run into every level and spray bullets at enemy targets . The mission layouts do n't really augment your experience or juice up imaginations . Most objectives , varied in each mission , simply has the player reach the end of the stage and perform redundant things such as planting explosives . Extremely feather-light on the difficulty aspect , Kill.Switch 's trademark relies on its blind fire concept . Its sure seemed like it would push the fun factor , but how can it when its utterly useless ? Blind fire rarely ever hits the target while the player shields himself behind cover and throws away streams of bullets . The player can just easily rush his assailants with an arsenal of weapons . Forced to find cover when pitted with an excess of enemy soldiers , the game does emanate a sense of entertainment by the unmotivated yet nonstop action . Kill.Switch 's combat is startlingly fast.What really has me vexed is Namco filling the game with excellent and running-silky-smooth graphics . I mean why waste all of that effort for a mediocre , run and gun game ? The lighting effects are solidly done with awesome shadow effects . The models are boosted all around in a nice myriad of fluid textures . Vividly bright , the sight of breaking windows and swirling , sandy air helped me get into the combat . The music is downright unremarkable with retro , poppy , techno sounds that seem to sloppily bounce.There is this gut feeling that Namco could have gone somewhere special with the game and make it deeply engaging . I ` m tired of playing as the blonde , blue-eyed hero in videogames . I want to be an entity of villainy architect , set out to destroy what the `` good '' cling onto . Namco let the opportunity slip away by spoon-feeing players with a boring turn of events . They have drowned players by keeping the game abruptly concluded with no supplemental material . Aside from that the gameplay keeps the game worth getting into , no matter if its only a weekend or two . Kill.Switch is not worth the price of ownership , for it needs more than little touches here and there , it calls for an invasion of them .
 I will agree that the AI in this game as well as the graphics are pretty good . But it does NOT compare to Metal Gear Solid or Splinter Cell because those are stealth based games . Kill Switch is almost impossible to be stealthy . There are several types of weapons , but basically it doesnt matter because they kill the same . You have a sniper rifle that its worthless because you barely see the enemy through the scope and they still shoot at you and hit you . The blind shooting `` advantage '' really just sucks , you couldnt hit the freakin wall if it was an inch in front you . The story in the begining looks intriguing but as the game progresses you find that its just your tipical ` Im coming to get you for revenge ' . The only challenge that this game represents is to see if you can outlast 20 guys shooting at you , other than that , it doesnt require any thinking . I am very disappointed with this game and I wish I could get my money back , but I lost the receipt .
 Kill.Switch looked pretty interesting at first with the take cover and fire blindly moves . This quickly gets boring as you progress through the games . There 's hardly any story line if there is one at all and the levels are pretty redundant although the difficulty increases as more guys start shooting at you . The hours of play is also limited as you can go through the game in about 5 hours . There really is no incentive to go back to play the game again . Furthermore , this game lacks a multiplayer system which would have made a little more enjoyable . The sound in the game is pretty good . It has good sound effects as well as an interesting soundtrack . So before you go shell out $ 40 of your hard earned money , go and rent it .
 Kill switch is a very basic shooter . It lacks many of the qualities of other Simalerly priced games -LRB- Socom 1 , Splinter Cell ... etc -RRB- . Had I paid only $ 25 - $ 30 , I would n't be so upset . The Phrase ` you get what you pay for ' , has nothing to do with kill switch . True it has a few nice function features like fairly decent ability to use objects as cover , and the ability to pick up other guns and rounds . But thats where the quality seams to let off . Innovative features are only a good idea if all/most other things are at least comparible to what is allready availible . The game leaves me feeling like i 've been had . $ 50 + games are suppoosed to be of a higher quality the games that you might find for $ 20-30 range . I 'm not aware of Namco 's status in the FPS market , but this is very definatly a red herring , and smells very much like a company 's first attempt . This game is a study in left out programming .
 Every now and then , a game comes out that makes you wonder just how it ever passed quality control . Rock 'Em Sock 'Em Robots for the GBA is one of those games , and not only is it abysmal , it 's one of , if not the , worst games you could ever play on your aging GBA . Sure enough you remember the quick but repetitive fun of the boxing robot toy from your youth , and sure enough it has been translated here as terribly as one can imagine . All ten robot fighters are the exact same , albeit with differing color schemes , and all pretty much have the same kind of moves and abilities , which hardly amounts to anything at all . The graphics are bland -LRB- there 's only one backdrop throughout the whole game ! -RRB- and incredibly choppy , with animations that look like this came out of Intellivision . The AI is basically non-existant , and the game is easily beaten just by pressing the same button over and over and over again . And the most noticible flaw of all ; there 's no 2-player link mode ! Was n't the point of the plastic toy to duke it out with someone else ? I do n't know if this game was just rushed or the developers just did n't care what they were doing , but it sure would n't have hurt to inject some originality or even some -LRB- gasp ! -RRB- innovativeness into a tried but true concept . Oh well , considering the budget price , you probably already know what you 're getting here . Avoid Rock 'Em Sock 'Em Robots like the plague and let your GBA die with some dignity .
 I would avoid this product at all cost . I Received my first bit and ended up shaving the neck down to fit within the Cartridge and when I finally got it to contact the screw the bit it self stripped . So the seller was nice enough to send me another but to my surprise it had the same results it would n't fit my nes , super nes , or famicon game cartridge with out me forcing the bit down with a drill where it still would n't contact for the most part . At this point I would n't even ask for a refund or exchange .
 Do n't buy this because the inside of the bits are rounded and it barely fits on the Gameboy Color cartridges . Even with hard enough force it wo n't even unscrew the screw i have half-way out by using a pen tip and melting it . So overall junk , sent a request to return it a day ago . Still waiting for a response .
 Now as a great Halo fan , I was looking for to this for months . The graphics are perfect and fabulous but as virtually everyone buying this is used to playing it on Xbox , MACSOFT never told anyone that they could n't be bothered to add GAMEPAD support ! Of course the pc version has . It would have taken them an extra day to do it but did n't . SO until they do this is a MOST USELESS game to play as using a mouse and keyboard require 17 hands and two sets of eyes just to get some basic gameplay , SO until they deal with this SERIOUS issue do NOT BOTHER WASTING YOUR MONEY as they may NEVER release the patch to allow GAMEPAD support . best Barrie Roness
 As Penny Arcade put it , Halo has become a `` cultural phenomenon '' , perhaps of a level nearing the phenomenon that was Half-life/Counter-strike . When one is confronted by a game that consistently scores 5/5 on most review sites one would expect the game to be revolutionary.Halo is , however , anything but . The enemies are stupid -LRB- i do n't mean that their AI is lacking , but rather , that they are programmed to be invalids and cowards -RRB- and excessively numerous . There were many times where I found myself in a gun turret , with my hand off the keyboard , holding down the fire button and leisurely offing fifty or sixty enemies.After you 've gunned down about a thousand incompetent fools who yell `` run away , he 'll kill us all ! '' things start to get a little boring.Halo lacks interesting level design , an interesting story , interesting weapons , or even interesting gameplay . The things that would be `` revolutionary '' about Halo would be the use of vehicles during combat , and the occasional squad-based skirmish . However , Battlefield 1942 has both of these factors , and in greater amount . There were about five different vehicles in Halo , and there are forty plus vehicles in BF1942.The worst part about Halo was the massive onslaught of weak enemies . Instead of battling a few , well trained enemies that would offer some kind of challenge , you fight against seemingly endless waves of pitiful enemies.Perhaps the only thing I found of value in the game was the tactical use of grenades , and the ability to only carry two weapons . The latter would have been much more limiting and interesting if there were more than seven or eight weapons to begin with.Bottom Line
 Lets see on a top of the line mac this game is very choppy . I ca n't run at full screen mode 1600x1200 with hi res graphics . Very , slow . Under 5 frames per second . So I bumped it down to 800x600 medium graphic and got choppy but ok game play . Like playing a new game on a 5 year old system . In a word bad.UT 2004 looks great , plays great at 32bit color , 1600x1200 with full graphics . This game wo n't even play well at the low end of the settings . -LRB- ... -RRB- Oh , the full system was Dual 2 Ghz G5 , 1.5 GB RAM , ATI Radion 9800 128 MEGS ram .
 I just purchased this game after getting my new 24 '' Intel iMac -LRB- dual 2.16 ghz , 2gb RAM w / 256mb GeForce GT 7600 upgrade -RRB- and I am very disapointed with the Intel port -LRB- 2.0 -RRB- . On my monster machine it runs at 15-20 FPS on nominal graphic settings , even at 800x600 with all textures on normal . I do n't know what MacSoft did with the 2.0 universal update but it runs like an absolute dog on my high end iMac.To put this into perspective
 This game requires the CD to be inserted to be able to play the game . We bought our son a little netbook that does not have a cd-rom drive . I tried to copy the files onto a USB drive then onto the netbook , but it did n't work . If anyone has a good solution , please let me know.Also , I tried the game on my other computer and it was okay at best . A little advanced for my son still so I ca n't comment on how he likes it yet . Based on comparing it to other preschool software I 've bought it does n't rank very high . Also , an annoying feature , you have to click 5 screens or more to get out of the program which is completely unnecessary . I 'm disappointed because we liked the BTB Can Do Zoo .
 the item i ordered came , but it does n't work at all . other ones i have do work , so it IS this one that is flawed . i am very disappointed in this purchase and probably will not waste time or money on doing it again .
 I bought this about two months ago with a SOE 90-Day Game card and did not attempt to use this until yesterday , finding out from their support that it is not recognized by Sony Online Entertainment , rendering this card useless .
 Sony Online Entertainment pulled the plug on The Matrix Online in 2009 . It is no longer running and so this product is functionally obsolete . If you are looking for a collector 's item to go on your shelf , that 's fine -- I just wanted to make sure anyone looking at this product is aware that this game no longer runs .
 i am a tetris guy . i Love the series and have almost every major version . this is by far the worst .
 Spider-Man games on the GBA have usually tended to be pretty good , which is why my expectations for Spider-Man
 I was taken into the franchise when AC3SL came out and LOVED it . Then searched out 2 , 2AA , and 3 and this one , AC9B . I missed out on Nexus , Last raven and now the AC4s because I grew out of it so to speak and fell back to true love of Mechwarrior -LRB- god rest -RRB- where if its that big and heavy , it 'll be earthbound and wont hop around -LRB- or fy -RRB- like a flea on crakk . Just seemed more realistic.BUT I DIGRESS!This one I was very dissapointed with.Good
 Disappointed with this game . The display is so small it 's hard to read the numbers or color on the card . The original Uno for the Game boy Color is far better . Skip-Bo this one !
 For $ 12.00 what did I expect . First time I used it I was forcing the stick too hard over . Monsters were catching up to me . I purchased a second one . I 'll try to be a little more gentle on it
 I just purchased the Atari joystick so that my kids could play some of the games that I grew up with . I received the joystick yesterday and did not really even use it until today . After playing only five games , the joystick is already not working . Like another reviewer stated , the joystick does work side to side , but that is about it . So if you are only playing Space Invaders , Centipede , and other games with ONLY side scrolling action , then I guess it is okay . The product as a whole is very cheap and I would not recommend .
 I bought this as a spare contoller for my original atari 2600 . Well , it broke on the first try . Not even 5 minutes in my hands.do not buy this product , unless you want to waste your hard earned money .
 I used the controller 5 times and the plastic on the inside broke in half . This is a very low quality product .
 Seriously broke within 2 minutes of using it.the internal part is a white plastic ring that has nubs on it , which when moved in a particular direction , make contact with the buttons on the breadboard . . the white plastic is SO flimsy and definitely made with a manufacturing defect . i had 2 of them , they both broke in the SAME spot within minutes of using it.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEYPlease , create a new model with a bit more thought as to making it last
 Bought these for my husband for Christmas . Right out of the box one does not work and the other sticks , so playing games is difficult . These are total junk and being returned .
 I got 2 of these controllers for Christmas because I asked for wireless controllers . I should of done some investigating on controllers before I bought them because these are not worth the packaging that they came in . The first controller I used with a new game I got as well . The controller worked for about 3 minutes and then stopped working . After going over the directions many many times and still having no luck I gave up and opened up the second controller package . This one worked ok but I would randomily get disconnected . My PS2 is only like 3 feet away from my center and I would still get disconnected . The other night I gave up because I am trying to have a good season in Madden and I ca n't really accomplish that with the controller disconnecting on it 's own . I even tried standing 2 feet away from the PS2 to see what would happen . Sometimes it worked and sometimes it did n't . All this and to top it off it took forever for their tech support to contact me back so that I could get help with the problem . They do n't have a 1-800 number ; I had to email someone and then wait like 5 days for him to email me back with his work number or something . I am not even going to bother . The only thing this controller has going for it is that it fits real nice in your hand ... . Alot of good it does if it does n't work ! I am sending the controllers back to the store I got them from and I am going to go with the Logitech Action Controller for PS2 . The Logitech Action was the ONLY controller to get all 5 stars on all of it 's reviews . Also , the Logitech was the one with the most reviews .
 The only thing I can say is that wireless is stupid . You hafta charge batteries , you ca n't have any obstructions or you 'll get signal loss . The things I do like about this pad , however , are its tried and true `` cross '' d-pad -LRB- much better than the 4 plastic slivers of the stock PS1 & 2 pads -RRB- and the fact they moved Start , Select and Analog so that they 're not bunched up against the analog sticks -LRB- a flaw in the design of the standard PS1 & 2 pads -RRB- . If you MUST have wireless , go with Madcatz . Though I use a Lik-Sang USB adapter to hook PS1 pads into my PC , so I 'm always in front of the computer anyway , cords do n't bother me .
 This is the worst psp screen protector you can get . I put the protector on , and it resulted in hairs and dust under the cover even after using the cloth it came with . I then took the piece of junk off , now looking at the permanent goo it left on the screen . I DO NOT recommend this protect at all , unless you want to leave permanent junk on your psp and/or see bubbles and/or dust.Junky product . I advise you do NOT buy it . Waste of money .
 Before you buy this , ask yourself if you mind air bubbles all over your PSP screen . I , like you , did n't pay $ 250 to look at air bubbles . It comes with this squeegy thing to push out the air bubbles , but no matter how hard I tried or re-did it there were still air bubbles . I just took it off after one day because I could stand to see my PSP that way . Get a glass magnet and cut it down , it will probably work better than this did .
 I 've got a PSP3001 model and these screen protectors do n't actually fit the screen . It 's about 10 % too narrow , so if you want to protect 90 % of your screen ... yeah , it 's pretty much garbage . Also , the other reviews state issues with bubbles , it 's mostly true , despite my best efforts and cleaning the screen first I still got a minimum of 3 air bubbles .
 this product came in a whole new different package than whats in the pic . it also was to small for my psp screen although the one they did send had a picture of a psp game on it , it was more like a cell phone screen cover !! maybe they were out of the product you see in the photo , and just opted to send what they wanted in its place ... so now i have to send this back and choose another option with only 6 days till christmas ...
 I probably installed it wrong , but the screen armor does not stay on my psp in the corners .
 I bought one of these to protect the screen of my new PSP 2000 , but it was a HUGE waste of money ! Putting it on the screen was easy enough , but I could n't get the air bubbles out from beneath it , and removing it from the screen was n't so easy ... I highly recommend buying Hori brand screen protectors for the PSP , they 're of much higher quality , or so I 've heard ... As for these , avoid them ... Sure , they practically scream at you from store shelves , `` Look at me ! '' `` I 'm cheaper than the other brands , and I protect your screen ! `` No , inocent consumer , run away ! It 's a trick , he 's ... YAAAAAARGH !!!
 This is a semi-rigid film that is somewhat unforgiving if you do n't line it up the first time . I prefer the `` screen magnet '' type films -LRB- as opposed to this adhesive type -RRB- which allow you to reposition or clean up if dust gets trapped inside.Also , the package comes with one screen , not two like the description -LRB- at the time of this review -RRB- states .
 Screen protectors are near must-have accessories for the PSP 's scratch-easy screen . The Intec offering , however , I would avoid like the plague . The Pelican version -- while not perfect -- is a much smarter purchase at literally the same price as Intec 's . I purchased both simultaneously to compare . Within seconds of removing the Intec product from it 's overpackaging produced a literal clear winner
 do not get this item , i picked it up because i had a discount at my store . I do recommend getting a screen film but not this one . it is IMPOSSIBLE to put it on without having bubbles all over your screen and just trying to put it on makes the material all scratched up so unless u want ur screen to look scratched up and full of bubbles , do n't purchase this accessory . it 's sad that intec 's gon na make money of these screen protectors that function so horribly
 The product features indicates that this item comes with 2 screen protectors . The one I received only had 1 protector screen which means if you mess up on the application you dont have a back up . Which is exactly what happened in our case . We will be contacting the manufacturerer 's customer service and/or returning this product . Definitely not worth the price .
 First off the product was advertised as coming with two protectors , and there was only one . Second , air bubbles are a big problem with this product . I was very careful and had a clean environment to adhere this protector and there was still a lot of air bubbles . If you do n't get it perfect the first time you might as well forget it . The worst $ 4.99 I ever spent .
 I tried to apply the screen protector in every way possible to my psp ... After 10 minutes and two screens in the trash I kind of managed to do it properly . All my electronic devices have screen protectors and I have to say , this is THE WORST OF THEM ALL ... Do n't buy it , the instruction sticker is impossible to remove without thinner or alcohol ... Huge deception ...
 The Intec PSP Screen protector would probably be ok if there were 2 screens included . You have to be wxtremely careful putting the screen protector on , if not AIR BUBBLES !! Make sure the PSP Screen is clean and careful put the protector on . If you peal it off and try again , it just does n't work to well .
 First off it does n't look good at all . Air bubbles are the biggest problem . First one I bought had no adhesive on it and therefore made it totally useless . Second one I tried scratched my screen to hell trying to place it and get out air bubbles . Spend a little more and you will be happy with what you get ! DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM IT IS TERRIBLE ! I suggest something that can be taken off and reapplied with no problem .
 the picture slearly shows retractable game head phones . What I recieved was some crappy headphone that wrap around tyhe neck and do NOT retract . I already owned one and it broke . It was an excelent product . However , what was shipped to me was not the real retractable head phones . DO NOT BUY !!!!
 These sound so AWFUL they hurt ! I ca n't quite believe they still sell these ! If you are four years old they may be impressive , but I blame the parents for not giving their kids a little bit of luxury . I 've owned a couple pairs of game buds from Intec -LRB- both came from my little starter kit thing for my hand held gaming consoles -RRB- , and good god , I 've always been blown away at how people even are able to even use these!I cringe at the sound of these . There is no bass . They ca n't handle high volumes for **** . Everything is extremely murky and distorted . They crackle whenever you try to lay any strain on them . And forget about wearing them . These are easily the most painful headphones I 've ever used , like sticking a block into your ears . They hurt like heck and are almost unwearable after 5 minutes . Poorly designed and feel like they were made with less than a dollar . I 've had a friend who 's pair broke when they were dropped without any effort whatsoever . The whole retractable thing is for people who have never heard of a twist tie and coiling a cord . Kids , you might as well learn how to use one now . It may come in handy with audio equipment later in life.Don ' t even spend a dime on these worthless headphones . These are easily the worst headphones I 've ever heard , and they wo n't work for games because nothing will come to life whatsoever . Face it , for games coming to life in good sound , you 're going to need to spend at least a handsome money on substantial headphones . Do n't be fooled , you wo n't be able to get sound with these .
 These game buds broke just coming out of the package . One earbud completely came apart as I was getting them out of the package . I would n't have believed my son , had he done it ... but I took them out of the package ! I tried to piece it back together but I guess the wires came out , they were n't put together very well and I would n't recommend them .
 $ .01 each ??? Sure , but you have to pay $ 7.99 shipping - EACH . Order 10 , and the shipping is $ 79.90 !!!
 This car charger came with the Inetec case , and although it looks very stylish , it has one very serious design flaw . It would n't stay in the lighter slot on either my wife 's Saturn SL2 or in my Geo Metro ! It was popping out so frequently that my wife and I were having to trade turns holding it in the slot so we could get the PSP to charge . If you really need a car charger , try the Pelican charger instead . It worked right out of the packaging , and was certainly a lot less trouble .
 I agree with the first review . I found the Intec car charger to be completely unusable for the same reason - the charger would not stay put in the cigarette lighter slot in my Toyota 4-Runner . The product is unusable . I too purchased the Pelican PSP car charger afterwards , and it works great .
 THIS PRODUCT WILL MESS UP YOUR PSP 'S CHARGING PORT . I had my PSP for less than a day before this device messed it up . I plugged in my PSP at work to let it charge . Then I plugged it into my car on the drive home from work using this intec device . Now , my PSP will no longer charge from the sony wall unit . Have n't figured out a way to fix this yet . Keep this 5 dollar piece of crap away from your PSP . It 's a disaster waiting to happen .
 Ok first off , DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT !! One unit was defective . I tested the unit within 2 vehicles and multiple car outlets . I have a GPS and Phone car adapter and they all work well . So I figured that I was just one of those people that just got a defective unit . Amazon was kind enough to send me a replacement right away.BUT lo ' and behold , 2nd replacement unit had the same problem . Tested throughly and the unit is DOA . It 's junk . Please do n't waste your time ... it just does n't work .
 The Intec charger I received was just a square box with a folding outlet piece . It did n't come with any cable , so I used the USB data cable that fits in the adapter , and while the adapter glows blue , thats about all it does ...
 When my son opened his gift from Santa to replace his PSP home power charger that he lost , it did n't work . So then I had to explain how Santa must have had an elf that didnt do his job .
 This game has almost nothing to do , and I don not recommend it for anyone , unless you are obsessed with rescue heroes . I beat the game in minutes . I wish I had this review before I bought it .
 my son got lava alarm for his birthday he has just recently gotten into the rescue heros we all like them but in this movie two boys are being recued from a valcano.in the part were the boys are being lifted out just in time when you see the boys from the heros view it looks like both boys have a rope around thier neck . well my son wrapped a cord around his neck `` pretending '' to be a hero the cord caught and luckily it came lose because he fell off his bed.he now has a three inch rope burn on his neck it scared him but i think that people with children who have active imaginations and like the heros should be told that they can get hurt if they do it like they do in the video ... all ropes cords or anything else is gone from his room but it does not change the fact that on christmas eve we almost lost our son he was lucky i belive the people who made the video over looked a very important part of the movie ...
 my son who just turned 6 finished the entire complete game in less than 2 hrs ... probably in about one really ! I could not believe him and made him show me and he in fact did all the characters missions and got the certificate at the end . the problem is that the two modes show you or tell you exactly what to do with in one a voice and the other a big obvious arrow.I love these guys , the Rescue Heroes and it is a big bummer that it ended up being too easy for my son . The concept was a great one ... saving animals and people and Knowledge Adventure is in my opinion a very reputable company in the PC cdrom market , but this game is really made for a very young player in mind .
 I 'm a prety hard core gamer . When I first saw the Nostromo n40 Gamepad , I thought it would be the best thing for my gaming since the mouse . Installation was very easy to do - just plug it into the USB and insert the CD . The gamepad also felt very natural in my hand . It 's also very easy to create different configurations for my games . It seemed prety great until I sat down and started gaming with it - it was then I found the reason why I never use this.The gamepad only recognizes up to 3 simotaneous button pushes at a time . If you press 4 or more , the pad goes crazy unlike what would normally happen with a keyboard . Pressing 4 or more buttons might not seem like something you do much but you 'll be surprized how much you do -LRB- especially in FPS games -RRB- . For instance , I was playing Medal of Honor with my Nostromo . I move diagonally right while crotched -LRB- a total of 3 button presses to do -RRB- . While I 'm doing this , I might press the `` use '' button . But because the nostromo goes haywire after 3 button preses , I would whip out a grenade and throw it at my feet.Although the nostromo had great potential , it 's one serious flaw prevented me from using it more than three times . It 's now somewere behind my computer gathering dust .
 When I saw this , I was really impressed by the concept . It 's commonly accepted fact that the best combination of control for an FPS game is a keyboard and mouse . I thought this would be the first thing to break that . I was wrong . There are simply too mnay limitations in the hardware and software for me to like this product .1 -RRB- Simply not enough buttons . I would have named this greatest product of the year if there was one more column of buttons on the left and another row at the top , making it 15 instead of 8 . You may think you can press more buttons with this than the keyboard quickly -LRB- mostly because of the D-pad -RRB- but the sad truth is you ca n't , especially if you switch weapons with the number keys above the letters on your keyboard .2 -RRB- The D-Pad is much slower and clunkier for movement than WASD or a similar configuration , but fortunately you can use the keys on this controller for movement and the D-pad for other buttons -LRB- I used forward for jump , back for duck , etc. -RRB- This leads you into the next problem ... 3 -RRB- Nothing but the 8 keys at the top can be used as shift keys . I REALLY do n't see why this is necessary . It 's a simple software issue . If you could use the D-pad as four shift keys , the number of key combinations you could press would be much higher , and you would n't need to move your hand to the keyboard to preform more obscure functions . There 's very few keys at the top as it is , and I do n't want to reduce that number by wasting them on shift keys . Heck , if anything could be used as a shift key you could theoretically TYPE words with this thing one-handed , although that 's clearly not the intended purpose . It 's sad to see such potential be wasted by the software.I do still use my n50 , though , and I think it was worth the money , but I use it under odd circumstances . I was disatisfied with the product overall but I liked the D-pad , so I cracked open the case , took out the important circuitry and the D-pad , attached it to a metal bracket which I can slide in an out of a slot I made under my keyboard which allows me to effectively replace the space bar on my keyboard with this d-pad . I do n't imagine this would be too hard with any other controller with a d-pad , although I have n't tried it.I do n't recommend this product for anyone who wants a keyboard alternative for FPS games or any games that require quick action . However , if you intend on cracking it open and using the D-pad , you can greatly improve your frag count with a little work .
 I really like this product , when it works . And on my Dell Inspiron 8100 it does n't work very often . Win XP is a great operating system that is very stable unless you try to run the Nostromo software - then XP crashes , every time.Consequently I can not load any game profiles so the Nostromo is just an attractive paper weight.Blekin recently updated the software and drivers , which I downloaded and installed but it did not help any.If you use Windows XP think twice before buying the Nostromo n50 .
 I am a Pro Gamer , current earnings to date for the year of 2004 are $ 18,000 . I compete in several leagues , Just recently my clan took 3rd in the CPL Extreme Summer World Championships in UT2K4 , & I am currently ranked as the 7th best player in the world for FPS games -LRB- as reported by the GGL , WCG , CPL , & iON Gamers -RRB- & will be @ the WCG in San Francisco in Oct.So this is an abomination , it can not even come close to replacing the mouse & keyboard . If you are serious about FPS games , do not waste your money !!! I does take awhile to learn , & overall you are left with something that only functions @ half the level of a keyboard . I tried hard to like this product & devoted near a month of my time mastering it . But if you need a quick reaction time , this is not the tool . May I recomend the Zboard Crossfire , besides the good old keyboard this is the only product that can compete !!! -LRB- & I belive that the Logitech Wireless Keyboard & mouse w / fresh batteries is the best out there ! -RRB- Dra8er
 While I have loved using the N50 on my Windows XP machine , the time has come to let it go . It is a great device but there are now more choices on the market . The real problem is I can not find a driver to get my new Windows 7 based computer to use my beloved N50 . It 's time to move to something newer .
 -LRB- Just so you know , this is NOT a battery charger or docking station - it is just a piece of plastic to hold up your PSP at an angle -RRB- . It 's a nice idea - put your PSP on a lightweight plastic clip so that you can watch your movies at a nice angle . The problem is , the angle is all wrong for watching videos . About the only two products that do this well currently are the plastic Logitech case -LRB- $ 19 , protects the PSP perfectly , and gives a great viewing angle -RRB- or the upcoming Nyko Theater Experience Case -LRB- $ 79 , includes small speakers , two headphone jacks , and an internal battery to give you about 3 times the battery life -RRB- . Go with one of the other available options . They 're worth the money .
 Product title is misleading if you are expecting a docking station like those for PDAs or cameras . This just holds the PSP and you have to manually plug the adaptor in.Also , like others mentioned , the angle is a little too low and the piece that holds it up will sometimes give out causing your PSP an unneeded hit on the back .
 Pretty flimsy , basically all it does is hold it up . Also the angle is too far down ...
 it is pointless and is not worth the ten bucks i bought it and sold it within a day . it is a piece of plastic meant to hold up your psp if this is what you want it is perfect if not it stinks !!!!
 This thing sucked ! The earphones ar made for them to be pulled out , and when I was trying to pull it out the earbuds snapped off . The screen protector was horrible becaus there were bubbles left , it makes your $ 250.00 PSP look cheap , and wheni I tokk the screen protector off it gave my PSP a scratch . The only thing that was useful is the car charger , and thats only if you travel alot . Do n't buy it . if you nedd a car charger buy it seperate . Again PLEAS DO N'T BUY IT !
 Never recieved the item . USPS failed to deliver and Checked with Seller , but they were unable to help either . Paid for the product but never recieved the order . Very dissappointed ! Will never order again !
 I bought the case thinking it will be great to have a metal shell encasing the $ 250 game unit . The case look pretty cheap , but the biggest turn off for me is that the case leaves too much room inside so the PSP will slide around and possibly get scratched . ALso there is not enough room to put anything else inside , yet there is all that extra space . Not cool .
 Bought one and not as described . It is simply a sturdy box that fits the PSP.THIS IS NOT TRUE AS DESCRIBED `` Designed specifically for the PSP , this case has internal custom molding to keep the unit secure while on the go . ''
 I am warning you do not to buy this case for the psp system . I own one and when I put my psp inside it jiggles and moves around . Plus this case is aquward to carry . The psp has a higher risk of damage in this thing than the case it came with .
 I bought the PSP case and it stands for `` Pretty ***** Product '' . My PSP bounced around inside the case like a pinball . How this case could `` protect '' my PSP is beyond me . Of all the damaged PSPs this case has ruined , I am surprised that a class action law-suit has n't been filed yet . Do n't buy this case .
 Obviously , there is some damage control going on around here about the PSP case . No matter , this case is n't worth it at any price . It is UNSAFE . Please do yourself a favor and avoid this case like the plague . READ the articles on how this case has damaged other PSPs and you 'll understand why you should not buy it . The case does not fit the PSP snuggly and will damage your $ 250 investment.Don ' t believe the positive reviews . In my opinion , these people are either Intec employees or people that have never really used the case.Case closed .
 I purchased this case thinking it would protect my PSP . Boy I was wrong ! The PSP fits nicely inside -LRB- a little loosely though -RRB- and the mesh compartment in the lid of the case seemed very handy . The PSP was fine after a few times of opening and closing the case and I always covered the screen with the polishing cloth that came with the PSP . Then one day -LRB- I only had the case for 1 week -RRB- , I powered on the PSP and it actually had caused the PSP 's screen to crack underneath the plastic top screen and it showed an animated looking pressure spot that spidered around it from the center of it !! I think what happened is when the UMD games are stored in the mesh compartment of the case lid , they must of put pressure down on the screen when the case was closed . I think storing the PSP in this case would be fine , just do n't store any UMD discs in the lid . I sent the damaged PSP to Sony and they already replaced it with a new one . They also mentioned that this case is NOT a licensed Sony product and they really do n't recommend it . Luckily , they still replaced it because it did n't sound like something from misuse by the consumer . So my recommendation to you would be to look elsewhere for a protective case for your PSP ! DO NOT BUY THIS CASE !!!
 This case has a ` pocket ' in the lid made out of some material that I worry would scratch the PSP screen . Also noteworthy is the case does n't really leave enough room for the wrist strap if you have it attached to the PSP - it will fit , but somewhat forcefully .
 I got this Intec PSP Safe Case thinking it looks pretty good how the psp fits perfectly without any space . I was definitely wrong . A lot of flaws are in this product . It is much too bulky , and to tell you , it 's not really protecting your psp . There is a lot of space between the sides of the case , and if you drop the case , it pops open 100 % of the time -LRB- even from 2 feet above the ground -RRB- . When I test dropped it , I could just feel the psp getting damaged . I 'm telling you , it stinks !!! If you want a great case , get a Playgear Pocket . 99 % of all psp owners who have a case have a Playgear Pocket . It has the shape of the psp and is a lot less bulky . You can charge the psp while its in the case !!!! It feels like you are just holding the psp , except you have a full proof protection around it . You can even put pictures inside the Playgear pocket so you can see them . It 's basically a decal thing . Do me a favor , just do n't get the Intec PSP Safe Case . Thank you .
 I do n't know about Intec . It has gotten to the point where anything that has the Intec name on it either breaks , blows up or does n't work . Any of you who have tried their terrible memory cards know what I am talking about.Enter , Intec 's latest disaster ... the PSP Case . The case really looks nice in the display package . I looked at the picture and saw a PSP sitting nice and snuggly in what I thought was foam . The outside of the case is made of aluminum and the price was right . This looked like a good solution for the PSP `` the soft case does n't give me any good protection '' blues.The PSP case looked good but that is about all it does well . When you open the case , the inside is not lined with soft foam , but is a hardshell dark gray material . The PSP sits there and is held from moving around by a couple of bumpers . The PSP does n't fit tightly in this area and bounces and rattles all over the place when the cover is closed . There are a few spaces to put extra game disks in there , but just like the PSP , the disks will jar loose . This case is horrible.Most will buy it for its looks , but it wo n't do a thing to protect your screen or PSP . If anything , your soft case will do a better job than the PSP case . Added to this , the case smells as if it is spewing toxic fumes . The case literally stinks . I do n't know about you , but something that smells this bad ca n't be good for you . Intec has done nothing to up its trust factor with me . All they have proven is that their products are inferior , cheaply made and a rip off . Avoid at all costs because if you do n't , it will be costing you .
 the item picture seems to convey the fact that the case will form-fit the PSP , so as to keep it from moving around . this is not true . the interior is spartan and has two clips that secure the PSP from motion , however , once put inside the case a little jiggle reveals that the PSP will move about . i have placed a piece of soft thin flannel on the interior and fold the edges of the cloth over the PSP before closing . also the hori screen protector seem to be a mandatory accessory .
 I bought this from a giftcard along with other things . When I first opened it , I could n't easily . Then I could only put 3 games in it without them breaking . The worst thing is that I was walking to school and I took a tiny leap and then the PSP -LRB- which is awsome -RRB- fell out !!! This happened twice to me . AVOID BUYING THIS !!! But my psp fits in here so maybe those other peoples cases are different . GO RED SOX !!! Also the strap is just plain terrible and it 's really short when it 's strapped on . The case keeps hitting you side when you walk so that 's definetly a minus . This product gives the PSP a terrible name . Also I do n't think it 's right to put around your neck because it 's too big .
 Seriously folks , do n't waste your time . You get what you pay for . I have never had a good experience with ANY Pelican product , made with cheap materials and no real protection at all . Just pretty paperweights
 I got this case with the need of protecting my PSP . The first thing I niticed was the mesh , and I did not like that pressed against the screen . To remedy this I folded the cleaning cloth over the pocket to protect the screen . Other than that it is an OK case as long as you store a umd in the mesh area to keep the PSP snug and in place . -LRB- ONLY PUT 2 UMD 's in the mesh part , Doubling them up to store 4 will put excess pressure on the Screen . -RRB- Im sure you can find a camera bag that will work better but this seems to be ok till something nicer comes out.This case will hold 3UMD 's -LRB- 4 counting the one in the PSP -RRB- , cleaning clothand your earbuds allong with the PSP.All in all this is more of a replica of their case for the Nintendo DS .
 This game is basically worthless , it seems like something from Atari in the early 80 's . Graphics and audio are archaic and bad . The so-called features of `` speed '' and `` crowd noise '' are simply examples of the primary areas where the game is lacking . Do n't let the marketing fool you , this game is as bad as it gets . In the spirit of trying to be positive , the blackjack is almost tolerable , but forget about playing Hold 'em . This is the first review I have ever written , hopefully I can save others some money .
 As you 'll read in other reviews , yes , the graphics are horrible . What disappointed me is the shortcomings of the game . The Big Blind is not able to bet pre-flop -LRB- if you 're thinking about buying this for someone and do n't know what this means , take my word , that this is a big deal -RRB- . Also , in the no-limit game , you are not able to specify how much you would like to bet -LRB- you only get to choose from `` bet '' -LRB- the blind -RRB- , `` raise '' -LRB- twice the blind -RRB- , or `` All-in '' . I got this for Christmas and will be returning it . Please save yourself the money -LRB- or save the person you 're thinking about buying this for a trip to the store to return it -RRB- .
 This game has very disappointing graphics - There are lines running through the entire game . Tried an adaptor and the batteries , hoping that was the problem , but it was n't . Not worth the money .
 Playing Texas Hold 'em was disappointing . You can only bet/raise a pre-set amount specified in the game settings before you play . I agree , the graphics are sub-par . I will give it another test to make sure I 'm not missing something , but if not , I 'll be returning it .
 This game came out a little before Ace Combat 4 and was overshadowed by it . I purchased the game because its predecessor -- Top Gun
 Do n't waste your time and definitely not your money on these sub-par game cases ! While its true that they will hold exactly three psp games each , the metal pin which serves as the hinge breaks with ease . If your looking for a storage case for your PsP games , an Altoids or Icebreakers Breath Mints tin will work just fine - they also hold up to three games perfectly ! I would definitely recommend those as game storage alternatives much sooner than I ever would the INTEC game case .
 I rarely opened my cases , but both of mine lost the pins that hold the lid on within a few weeks . So now the lids do n't stay on , making them useless if you want to take them anywhere .
 A mini snack size pringles can is a cheaper and better alternative . Also , it holds about 10-12 games .
 I 've also had the issue with the pins , which secure the lid , falling out ; perhaps this is why intec now has another version with a lid that rotates , no experience with that one , but these have a short shelf life , although I suppose you could attach the lids by duct tape after the pins fall out .
 I read the note about the Altoids cases , laughed , looked at one I had sitting around , laughed again ... then I went looking for the `` real '' cases around town and could n't find any , or had to buy as a pack with other accessories I did n't want . I came back , cleaned out one of these Altoid Sour cases , and it works great . I used the cleaning cloth that came with my PSP in the bottom just to keep it soft , cut it in half to use in two cases . There 's room for 2 UMDs easily , and you can get a third to fit a little tight , or a fourth to fit tighter than I 'm comfortable with , but I 'm using the extra space for a spare memory card I bought . I found a 6-pack of these at Costco today for 7 bucks . Good deal : - -RRB-
 Do n't waste your money on these UMD holders . Altoid Sours tins or Ice Breakers tins work just as well . You only pay $ 1.75 for each one , and you get candy . They can hold 2 UMDs like these can . So , instead of paying $ 5 + shipping , just buy 2 Altoid Sours for $ 3.50 !!!!!!
 The game cases are great . They are perfect for travel and keeping the games safe , scratch and dust free . Thank you .
 If you want an easy way to hold the UMD 's get the tin open -LRB- I use a leather punch for the first time -RRB- . Get out some sand paper . Sand the lip thing but not to much or it wont hold . Now if you have all those things your all set . Get out of here and get some ice breakers . Hay are you still reading this ?
 Graphics look ok , sound 's ok , but I for one do not wish to spend a few hours studying the manual before being able to play a game . And even then it 's a drag to input all your commands and having to return all your troops and credits to the staging area at the end of each mission !
 I bought this game after trying the demo , which seemed pretty neat . However , after playing Ground Control , this game seems constricting , boring and ... forgive me ... depressing . Allow me to explain.First , the graphics engine , although good looking , does not allow for full camera freedom . This means that you are limited to a top down view of the battle , unlike the far superior Ground Control where you can look wherever you want to . I personally find this quite limiting , especially considering you ca n't zoom out far enough to make any sort of real strategy or troop movements easily.Also , the whole environment of the game , from the music to the seemingly omnipresent fog to the rain to the plot to the night , is just depressing . It does n't make you WANT to play . I found myself slaving through another boring and overly long mission just to see some new technology , one of the cool parts of the game , and eventually I just gave up and moved on . There are some great lighting and weather effects , but I really do n't think the atmosphere is condusive to fun gameplay.In short
 I owned this game for less than 2 hours . I recommend you download the 2150 demo , play it , uninstall it , then go buy Ground Control . It 's a much better game .
 I recently downloaded the incredibly big demo of Earth 2150 . I thought it had impressive 3d grafics and all that other stuff but ultimatly all the rotation just made the game confusing . Some of your units do n't even do what they tell you . I think all the game comes down to is another bad game like Tiberian Sun . They make it look cool when it is n't really fun .
 The game is good but the building and all units are the same color and it is hard to tell who is who and what is what . The graphics may look good generally but if you look closely the details on some things are horible ! The guys who made that game made the units with diffreent shapes and lines so it make it even harder to see . Units and building are so covered with shapes and lines , that it reminds me of a low budget movie.Also when it is night in the game , You cant see anything ! I have a 100 % vision my friend and that game is nothing but poop .
 Thats all there is to it . I had read countless reviews about how wonderful this game was , only to find that it is an unfortuntate excuse for a RTS . This game deserves credit in the sense that it has great graphics , story line , and gameplay variety ; but it lacks any real fun value . For example , any player new to the real-time strategy genre will be overwhelmed by the excessivly numerous option availible to you . Do n't get me wrong
 Nothing in this game worked for me . I can get into the game and name the horse but in the races it does n't matter how fast I click I still ca n't win . I ca n't use anything that I buy , but I can only buy about 3 things because I ca n't win the races.Don ' t waste your money .
 My wife installed this product on the home computer running Windows Vista Premium Home , despite the fact that it is n't supposed to be compatible with Vista , just to see if it would work . Not only is it NOT compatible with Vista , but it nuked my installation , and I 've got to reinstall from scratch . Not Impressed .
 I already found this game at a local dept. store and rushed home to check it out . I am a fan of these plug and play games . I was n't expecting to be blown away with the graphics , and what is there is OK . My real problem with this game is how boring it gets after a few minutes . There are 5 slot machines , but all are essentially the same game with only different symbols . The payouts are very screwy too , 3 symbols will earn 1 credit , yet sometimes only 1 of a different symbol will offer more rewards . The only saving feature is the amount of bonus games . Each slot machine offers 5 different games . While I did n't experience all 25 yet , I 've seen most of them . They add some variety to the otherwise dull and repetitive and slow moving game play . A five line win takes about 45 seconds to show the full pay out as each line is talled up one at a time . This drags down game play too ... But , back to the bonus rounds ... My real problem with the bonus games is that there are no on screen instructions how to play them . Expect to mess up many of them the first time you get one until you learn what buttons to press . For about 1/2 the price this game might be worth it , but at the current price of $ 35 -LRB- and I paid even more for mine -RRB- it is not worth it at all . Plus it takes 7 AA batteries , so be prepared to shell out another few bucks for those too ... Overall
 I bought this product at a video game store , charged it up over night , and I put it in my GBA and nothing happened . I figured out that the problem was that the two metal ends were n't conneting , and I 've tried everything , but I ca n't fix it and I ca n't take it back to the store . So be warned
 I HATE KND !!!! My friend put it in when I was riding in the car with him to the beach !!!! The most stupidest episode was Operation B.R.I.E.F !!!!!!!!!!!! It was about this group of weird dorky kids who hire a pair of living underwear to assasinate Numbah 1 the KND 's `` leader '' . What I always noticed about one of the nerd kids is that one of them wears a football helmet . Why does a nerd dork like him need a football helmet ?!?!?! Is he like Darth Vader who needs a helmet to live ? OK . Goodbye . I hope my review has told you NOT to buy this product . Good luck in surviving in this constant technology consuming world . Cheerio.Zachary the Rater
 I would give this game a perfect 5 but I 'm amazed at how dark the screen is ! When I first turned it on I could barely see anything . I had to sit next to a bright light and awkwardly hold it up . This is a MAJOR flaw . No matter how good the game is it will never live up to it 's full potential thank to the GBA 's poor lighting . That aside , the GBA 's graphics are amazing after playing the old Game Boy . The Super Nintendo graphics are still welcome in the hands of gamers and the audio is surprising good . The screen size should be bigger but with color and great graphics the picture is still easy to see . That is , if you 've got a bright light to sit next to .
 I got the rare Fuschia -LRB- Pink -RRB- Game Boy Advance for my daughter , who is six . She seems to like it , and I was happy as a lark that they had one of my favorite retro titles on there , Time Pilot , but have to say that the system looks nice but is NOT for adults unless you have small hands and great eyes . -LRB- However , there are not a lot of little girl games , either . -RRB- I have had a SEGA GAME GEAR for years and it 's super , a retro delight -- big , backlit screen and many old games . You can SEE everything . Not so with the Game Boy Advance
 I see a few reviews on here from people who have played the PC version . The sad truth is that the PS2 version does n't live up to how great people say the PC version is . The graphics are extremely poor - they look like a PS1 game ! - load times are painful , and the gameplay itself is disappointing at best , downright tedious at worst - there are far too many places in the game where you have to do things just exactly right , or you die and have to start over from the start of the level . It seems like it was written by a bunch of english ` lads ' who were just having a fun time , goofing around , trying to see what it would be like writing a video game . DEFINITELY rent it first - because you wo n't buy it after that.If you want a GREAT game in the same genre as this -LRB- albeit on a different platform -RRB- , pick up `` Starcraft '' .
 I am going to be lenient by giving this product two stars only because it looks decent . Functionally , however , it deserves a negative -LRB- - -RRB- 7 . The case is poorly contructed , what kind of company uses a METAL internal latch , which SCRATCHED my psp . It was n't a light scratch , it is deep enough to the point where you can feel it if you run your fingernail over the scratch . I would never buy this case again , even if it was 1 dollar . I 'm returning the product and I am most likely going to lose most of my refund money from the shipping costs , but that 's fine with me because this product is really horrible . I am never going to buy a Nyko product again .
 Dont get it why do you think it is the last best seller for action
 I feel sorry for anyone who has spent more than ten dollars on this game . I purchased it for -LSB- ... -RSB- at Toys ` R ' Us . Basically a dollar for every hour of campaign time I got out of it.I 'm a huge rpg , particularly forgotten realms fantasy fan , and I was sorely dissapointed in this game . While , the story is missing in detail , the adventuring is fun , heavy hack n slash type , very little to no RP at all . The ending was just that , an ending , a real let down . We went through this game tooth and nail , making sure to uncover every stone , secret and bad guy and it still only took me 8 and a half hours to beat . I was really dissapointed . Just when we thought there was going to be a spectacular plot twist and the game was really going to start kicking , it just ended , promising yet ` another installment ' in the Baldurs Gate series . Honestly , instead of purchasing the next game , I 'll just pass . I just ca n't justify paying new game prices for what amounts to the time you would get out of a free community expansion.If you want to purchase an RPG , save your money and put it towards the NWN platinum pack for the PC . Now there you can waste the hours away !!!
 The NGC version of Wreckless is here . The graphics are n't as good as the Xbox version , and you now have the ability to play 2 players and run over pedestrians . Yay . The only cool thing is the 2p mode w/o split screen . This is cool but a pain in the -LSB- butt -RSB- because you can not go too far away from each other.In the end , this game is not very entertaining and at times very frustrating . So just forget it .
 This game is no good . Its so hard . none of the cars are good . the game gets even weird when you push the boost button . instedt its in slow motin .
 I finally got the xbox 360 controller faceplate and when I was putting the controller back together I realized that the faceplate that I had just boughten does n't have any threading inside the screw holes . This results in it being impossible to screw your controller back together so it does not stay together very well while playing . DO NOT BUY THIS UNLESS YOUR POSITIVE THIS ISSUE HAS CHANGED !
 When this piece showed up , the finish was a perfect mirror , it really looked incredible . Installing it involved disassembling the controller which was a pain but not too difficult . The screw holes in the new faceplate did n't seem threaded as the screws were nearly impossible to get started . Overall , the install was something I do n't want to do again.The finished product though made me feel the whole ordeal was worth it ... however , after 20-30 hours of gaming , the finish started to fade . Now , after 60 or so hours , the sides of the controller where your palm contacts the faceplate , is a grayish white with no chrome left on those sections . Anywhere on the faceplate where your hands/fingers come in constant contact , such as near the thumbsticks , has no chrome finish left.If you are a casual gamer that digs mods , it really looks great . If you plan on puttin in some hours , I 'd look to a different product .
 I got this game with the DVD . I have tried repeatedly to get this to install and play for my 5 yo grandson . It installs OK , even tho it keeps telling me I need to install it 's DirectX , when I already have a better version on my computer . After installing , clicking the shortcut gets an error message , so it wo n't boot up . I have had NO help from Disney CDrom support page . I emailed their customer service , but have received no reply . I tried each and every one of their troubleshooting tips , to no avail . So my grandson is disappointed , and I can only say I 'm really glad I did n't buy the game . My computer is n't top-of-the-line state-of-the-art , but it 's no slouch , either . I have no trouble getting other games to play on here .
 This game turned out to be a preview copy not a full version -LRB- even though it was not listed as a preview -RRB- , we were only able to use 2 activities . The activities that we were able to view were not interesting , graphics are not that great . Huge dissapointment . It kept my child 's attention for about a minute .
 As A Fan of The Film '' Finding Nemo '' , I Wanted To Play The Game . But Once I Played the Game , I Did n't Find It Fun At All.The Visuals Were Poorly Made , and Both The Locations and Carecters Were Looking Very Wierd and Odd.The Voices Were n't That Great Either , Even if Thay Were The Ones From The Film.The Levels Act More Like Mini-Games Insted of Standerd Video Game Levels.The Music Was n't Really Good Either.Overall , The Game Did n't Do Much of A Good Job of Being Fun or Entertaining and It Was n't Worth Playing.Overall Ratings : Game-2 / 5Visuals-1 .5 / 5Voices-3 .5 / 5Levels-0 / 5Music-0 / 5
 Loved the movie , and thought that it might be a way for our three year old girl to get more comfortable with using the computer . She was excited too but was bored with it in an hour . The games are simplistic and in some cases poor renderings of things we 've seen before , and it is only the fact that the GUI is wearying that they 're any challenge . The stones game is the same as things we play with cards . The shark game is just pinball and it is difficult to control . The turtles game is funny but does n't go anywhere . Daughter had no interest in the school-of-fish game . And even after working on it for a while , my best conclusion is that the music composition game is simply buggy .
 Our version of Finding Nemo
 My husband came home with the Finding Nemo Viedo that he got our son as a gift it had the Pc game Finding Nemo underwater adventure . It didnt tell us that this was a Demo game . My son can only play the race game with crush and listen to the tang gang sang songs . We thought we were getting the hole game the two games he can play are fun but he gets bored really easy . If the company wishes to give away free pc games on the viedo 's in the furture please let people know its a demo or give them the hole game . I wish that the game was the whole game since its not I wish I could take it back .
 The game is not fun for kids . The movie was great and the game is a disappointment . Difficult for kids to understand . Just not a lot of fun . It has been sitting on a shelf collecting dust for months .
 this game sucks . its way to easy and the graphics suck too . i love the movie but the game is terrible ! im 10 so i realy should know better . i couldnt return at all . my mom was pleased with the game but i wasnt ! so i gave it to my brother who is 5 . my mom got me madagscar instead . i love it . atleast someone is enjoying my game . kids over 4 would use the disk for frisbee so think befor you buy !!!!
 Thank you reviewer M. I had the exact same problem you did and did the exact same thing you did -- I finally did a yahoo! search and found your review . You saved me from spending anymore time on this game . I removed it from my computer . thank you for posting .
 This is my opinion on Finding Nemo
 I think the Finding Nemo Game has some good points
 The Nemo 's Underwater World of Fun game disk enclosed in with the movie DVD , was a big disappointment . My young kids were very excited then very upset . Until I read user reviews here on AMAZON , I thought I had a malfunctioning game rather than a DEMO disk on which only 2 of the 6 activities were accessible , rendering the prizes unwinable and the main games unplayable . And one of the 2 accessible activities , the Tank Gang music maker , seems buggy ! Neither the disk , its sleeve , nor the read-me file indicated that it was only a demo , so my exercise in futility began
 I ca n't believe how bad this video game was . The makers clearly put minimal thought into making it and just wanted to capitalize on the popularity of the movie . The whole game can be finished in one sitting by a four year old . I played with my nephew and kept hoping that it would get better , but it does n't . The games are all too easy and not that interesting.Don ' t waste your money on this one !
 The game is really fun but you do n't get to choose through that many weapon which is one of the down sides to this game another downside is the game is to short it only took me two days to be it.The game has some awesome graphics and stunnig backgrounds but if you are a kid I would recommend a different game because the game can be very difficult at times . At the end of every level you get money to but new gun and items but again there is n't that many guns but the guns do go up level to become stronger and the guns are really a pain because some a short range and long range . Soon as you buy a gun you will not be able to get your money back . So if you do n't like games that are to short do n't buy it or if you like games with stunnig graphics well then buy it but do n't get mad when you beat it in a short time .
 It is very similar to it , as if format copied . My 7 year old daughter likes , my 4 yeard old son got it for birthday , we had it on our wish list , but he 's struggling with it . The voice does sound like the original characters like Ellen DeGeneres .
 I bought the finding nemo software for my daughter today and I sincerely regret it . It is one of the worst games I have ever purchased . The games dont work . You get nowhere . I would advise everyone considering this game to just save your money . My daughter was excited to get it until we installed it and tryed playing it only to find out it is a lemon .
 Bought this for my grandkids . They are almost five and had areal hard time bursting the bubbles . I tried it several times and could not get past level 10 and thus could not go any further in the game . Not for early childhood and some older adults .
 i wrote a review for the other finding nemo game and i gave it 1 star ! i dont know what i was thinking to buy this game because the last one was boring and way too easy . this one is no diffrent . it still sucks times 10 . but i have to say the graphics are great!A + . BUT the game is still bad and as always i knew my brother would like it ! he didnt and his 5 . he said `` this game is way too easy and boring . i dont want it . `` then he pretented to throw up . my mom didnt like it either . my friends thought they were too old for it because were 10 and my dad said why we bought this junk . so right now its sitting on the shelf dusty . we now have 20 dollars down the drain . stupid nemo and this company , they cant even invent a game that us 10-13 year olds can play .
 As nice as it looks , it does n't fit properly on my PSP . It does n't close well near the top ... and some of the buttons , including the top two , get jammed in the frame when pressed . The PSP I have is listed as a model that can use the faceplate , but does n't work for me . I eventually gave it away since it was of no use to me .
 I purchased this face recently , hoping to give my PSP-1001 a nice Chrome/Black look . Unfortunately , the faceplate does not fit well at all . The buttons got jammed , and it did not close properly . I ended up putting my old faceplate back on , and so now I 'm left with a faceplate that I ca n't use . I wasted my money , and let my review save you from wasting yours .
 I liked how it looked but like the others mentioned it did not fit ! I struggled and spent a time ot to make it fit but it was useless so I just decided to discard the product .
 I did n't pay attention with the programs it works with . I do hv vista and it did n't work wit it .
 I bought this for my four year old . Even I ca n't get past the monkeys throwing berries . Rugrats are for younger kids , but this game is not .
 !! SPOILERS BELOW !! This game was all the rage on PCs back in 05 , and had a successful and well-regarded port to the X360 last year . As I never had a PC good enough to run the original version , I hoped the PS3 version would let me know what all the fuss was about . Sadly , I am still wondering.First , PS3 issues - the graphics are washed out and drab , and other FPS shooters for the platform look vastly better . The load times are also unacceptably long , and even such graphically complex games as Oblivion load much more quickly on the PS and also offer much better detail and color once the load is done . This is a very sloppy port , one that makes the PS3 look much worse than its capabilities would suggest.Next , intrinsic problems of the title . First , the graphics though poorly done for the PS3 are intrinsically boring . The environments are dull , linear , almost completely uninteractive , and look very similar to each other . The settings are numbingly dull , and the effect is one of repetition and monotone . Another grey hallway , another pile of boxes , another loading dock , etc. . This would have been understandable on the PS1 , but level design and graphic capabilities have come a long way since then.Next , the enemies . Or lack thereof . 95 % of this game consists of you shooting it out with the exact same enemies , clone troopers armed with conventional small arms . Occasionally some of them will have heavier armor , sometimes they 'll have high tech weapons , but essentially the enemies are the same throughout the game . The game starts by telling you that the enemy has 1,000 soldiers in his clone army , and by the end of the game , it feels like you 've killed about 850 of them personally.Admittedly , the enemies are smart and use reasonably clever tactics like throwing grenades , flanking , and taking cover . But this is hardly stunning design - Halo on the Xbox did the same thing 10 years ago , and had a variety of enemies and settings to experience . If this game was a SOCOM title , I would expect to shoot several hundred of the same conventional enemies , but the whole premise here is that your commando group is supposed to deal with paranormal situations and unusual opponents . Instead , you kill a couple of hundred of blandly generic foes , in a limited number of blandly generic environments.The novelty here comes from the Japan horror plotline of evil young girl with psychic powers who keeps popping up to spook you and drive the plotline along . This is a nice cinematic touch , but the more familiar you get with the plot , the more tired it seems . The dull saga of corporate villainy pieced together from voice mail messages and the scripted messages from your commander are unimaginative and tedious . In the end , the plot goes nowhere , and the big confrontation with the cannibal clone leader and Alma is surprisingly un-engaging . The ultimately limited imagination of the plot is nowhere near enough of a new experience to offset many long hours of killing generic clone troopers in interchangeable concrete hallways.Finally , the sheer stupidity of the plotline needs to be mentioned . As is standard Monolith procedure since Alien Vs Predator , your actual teammates never fight by your side . They either get killed en masse while you are elsewhere or spectating in a cut scene , or there is some idiotic pretext as to why sending a solo trooper ahead makes sense . `` Oh , we 'll stay with the body . You go on ahead and take care of those several dozen heavily armed clone troopers in the warehouse on your own . '' Though other titles like Doom have also maintained this honorable tradition , it makes not much sense in this specific context . Where is the rest of the FEAR unit , Delta Force , and the US Army for that matter?The game 's own plot acts against it . If your FEAR commandos were fighting something weird , like werewolves , demons , or leprechauns it might make sense that the rest of the armed law enforcement / military community might sit things out , but as your opponents are essentially 1,000 rogue soldiers armed with small arms , the lack of engagement by any other units seems both contrived and stupid . The govt basically seems willing to cordon off huge areas of the city and let the clone troopers blow things up , and the only response is to send in your own character . The government supposedly can track the clone army leader rather precisely by means of a transponder inside of him , yet they never try to take him out with an air strike , artillery etc. . Instead , they rush your poor overworked character around the city to various spots where you will be too late to kill Fettel , outgunned , and outnumbered.The plot in general is very unsatisfying . Your character appears to be an idiot . You accomplish basically nothing , failing to save anyone you are assigned to save , taking the entire game to kill your primary target , and are perpetually deceived and hoodwinked by the generic corporate villains that you encounter along the way . In the end , you prove incapable of stopping Alma , or perhaps even complicit in releasing her . -LRB- In the sequels , not available on PS3 , your incompetence grows in magnitude , as your few surviving allies from the first installment get killed despite your best efforts , the clone commander mysteriously comes back to life , and the survivors of the 1,000 man clone brigade appear to destroy Western civilization despite the fact that your character seems to have killed off most of em in the first game ... -RRB- Your character plods along in this game like a personality-deprived boy scout , and his only talent appears to be the mechanical killing of clone troopers in large volume . Your character 's blandness and mediocrity are well suited to the equally tedious and dreary environment and enemy design , but this consistency is not much of a triumph.What 's good ? Sound effects are nice . The weapons are fun and look real , and the gunfights are exciting at first , until they are repeated ad nauseam . The freaky hallucinogenic moments are occasionally fun . The frame rate held up well , and the controls work well.All in all , I remain uncertain as to why this game was a hit on any platform . Even if the graphics were superb for the period , the monotonous game play and brain-dead level design sap a lot of appeal out of the end product for me . The logically challenged plotting , boring enemies , and unappealing protagonist are also pitfalls to any impetus conveyed by graphical splendor . The fact that the PS3 version utterly lacks whatever graphic splendor may have existed in other versions is the final dab of foul icing on this manure cake . If you like shoot-em-ups , are very undemanding , and can buy this for $ 20 or less , you might have some fun here . Otherwise , PS3 owners should pass on this poor port of an over-hyped title that has aged badly .
 I played this game for pc when it fist came out and I was amazed by it . The game had crisp lines , great AI , and fast loading times . I was so stoked when I heard it was coming out for the PS3 , and boy was I disappointed . The graphics of this game are no where near up to scratch with a next gen $ 600 dollar gaming system . And the load times were absolutely appalling , taking up to a minute and a half to load . Lots of times I thought the game had frozen . The monotony of the levels was a annoyance that was carried over from the original game . On a lighter note , I really think it would suck to work for Armacham Technologies . I mean , would n't you get lost all the freaking time ?? I guess a saving feature is the advanced AI is still there , but otherwise , F.E.A.R. for PS3 was a big let down .
 I had very hopes from this game as I really liked the XBOX version but It is not so good for PS3 . The graphics and gameplay shall be improved a bit .
 What a let down.This game was suggested to me for someone into survival horror . This is anything but.A few creepy cut scenes does not a survival horror make . In fact , you ca n't even equate this with a good first person shooter . The controls are a mess . A zoom-in on the right control stick ? Good luck aiming ! At least make the controls mappable ... And the atmosphere
 Alright I just rented this game and all I have to say is the graphics suck ! It looks like Perfect Dark on N64 ... The framerate is n't too hot either and the load times are pretty lengthy as well ... I 'm playing it on a widescreen HDTV with a HDMI cable running in 720p and if it 's not looking good on that you could only expect worse on anything less ... Rent It First !
 I heard nothing but good about this game and never actually showed an interest until F.E.A.R. 2 was released . I wanted to play the first one before I jumped into the second one and saw good deals on the PS3 version . Instead of researching the different system versions , which I usually do , I went ahead and ordered the PS3 version intending on fluffing up my PS3 library since it was pretty meager compared to my XBOX 360 and Wii libraries . In doing so , I failed to see that critics noted a huge difference between the PC and XBOX 360 versions compared to the PS3 version . I only had the game on for 5 minutes before putting it back in the case in disgust and throwing Killzone 2 back in.The game looked like a previous system generation release and maybe I would have given it the time of day 5 years ago ... I would still like to experience `` F.E.A.R. '' in all it 's acclaimed glory . But I `` fear '' it wo n't be on the PS3 . You can bet I 'm taking this garbage version to GameStop and getting the XBOX 360 version , which got better reviews.Don ' t get me wrong , PS3 is a great system , but F.E.A.R. falls incredibly short of what Sony 's new system is capable of putting out there .
 As far as 1st person shooter games , this game is lame . Go with great ones like Rainbow six or Call of Duty . Thats where its at . This game is hurtin .
 First , I have never played this game on the PC , so I wont be able to compare it to that . Also , I do n't own an XBOX 360 and I am not here to compare the merits or shortfalls or either platform . The only other game I can compare it to is Resistacne
 I borrowed this game from someone out here and I 'm sad to say that I have brought all three ports for the pc and was blown away how each game was a step up from the last but when I got my hands on this one just to see the difference I was shocked and let down but I also have to remember that this game was debuted on the pc first and that was almost a few years ago but expecting some of the bugs to be cleaned up at lest for the ps3 would have been nice but got let down on some of the graphics which were no better on my pc which loaded faster and played better . Truly this was my first let down on the ps3 and I hope that its the last .
 The controls are so bad I thought I was on a pogo stick in the middle of an ice rink . I ca n't believe this game is on PS3 , this game would be bad on PS1 . And you have this constant cloping sound of your feet when you move and you bounce up and down very annoying . Seirra owes everyone who has bought or rented this game compensation for pain and suffering . And R2 is the fire trigger I hate that .
 I bought the game thinking that it was great like the reviews always have been spreading to people . But when i bought the game I could not help but feel really bored by this game . I hope some people had more fun with this to me this game felt repetative and the controls were very clunky . And I do n't know about the PC version but the graphics for the PS3 did not feel so next-gen to me .
 This is supposed to be a next Gen Game for the PS3 . I would say the graphics are not even up to par if it was for the PS2 . This game is a renter at most . Even then I am not sure it is worth the price of a rental . Definitely not worth the 60 dollar price tag to buy . I could not be more disappointed with this game . I could go into the details of my extreme disappointment but the other negative reviews on this site pretty much say it all .
 Seriously ? I played this game briefly and I thought that somebody was playing a sick and disgusting joke on me . How did this game ever make it on to the store shelves looking the way it does ? I was extremely dissapointed when I finally got my hands on what was suppossed to be a great game . Instead I got game that looks like a `` DECENT PS2 Game '' . I figured that Sierra would at least make the graphics look the same as the PC version , if not better . The controller setup is ridiculous as well . The default and ONLY setting for the trigger is R2 . There are about 5 different `` Custom '' Settings for controls and none of them allow you to change the trigger button which is pathetic.In story mode , all of the F.E.A.R. elements are still there . Is that enough to make me want to spend $ 60 dollars ? No . I was so upset with this port that a friend and I wrote letters to Sierra and Sony to complain . I hope that this review has been helpful . If you have played both the PC and the PS3 version you will probably feel the same way.This game was a step back for the Next-Gen Gaming era .
 I would never recommend this game to anyone . It 's boring and slow . The art looked sloppy and the story line was lame . I 've played an extensive amount of the rpg 's on the market and this had to be one of the worst .
 well this game started out ok , but as it turns out , is the first 5 hours of the game is just in memory , or story being told to someone ? But , you still can be killed in memory ? The graphics are VERY BAD , the storyline is reeealy boring and there barely is one . The character develpoment is also bad , I mean like some person just walks up to you says a few things and they just join you for no reason . You can only hold a certain amount of items too , and that really stinks and gets very annoying . Oh , and I almost forgot the battle system ... heh . . heh . . heh . . this was the -LSB- worst -RSB- and horrable battle system i 've ever seen . one more thing , the world map lools -LSB- bad -RSB- and once you leave somewhere they dont give you the slightest idea where you have to go next . there usually is nothing on the map that keeps you from going to somewhere you dont have to be at yet . . like -LRB- i didnt do this really -RRB- you can go to the last place were you fight the last boss right after you leave the first village -LRB- i 'm exaggerating -RRB- . And it has the same old basic event of an RGP , which is your home village is destroyed at some point in the game but this one is destroyed as soon as the game begins , gee i think i ' v seen that some where before hmmmmm.also , one last thing-the music isnt that good either . overall i hated this game but maybee some of you out there like it but i just doesnt suit me . if you want a real good game try Xenogears or most any final fantasy game .
 Shadow Madness sounded good , but it is n't . The graphics are O.K. . If I were you I would n't buy it . I rented it and I was only about 15 minutes into it till I relized it was n't very good.If it got a grade it would be a C.It is 2 disks long.If it was a rating 1 being the best and 100 being the worst it would be 70th . So far of what I have played Final Fansty 8 was the best .
 I bought this game when it first came out ... big mistake . I 've heard some people say games like Legend of Dragoon are the worst the PSX has to offer , but nothing can touch this game in sheer lack of effort . Are graphics important to an RPG ? Yes , if they were n't , we 'd all still be playing pen and paper RPG 's . They are n't everything , but this game is just horrible , as well as the character designs ... c'mon the Cabin Boy would 've been a better choice of hero . `` My family died , so I 'm on this wisecracking adventure to save the world . `` I 've given this game plenty of chances , played through it plenty of times , but after every time I just feel `` dirty . '' It 's horrible , nuf said .
 I recieved this game for Christmas in high hopes for a fast paced game with real tricks.This game is by far the worst Xtreme sports game out there.It has raunchy graphics and the only tricks you can do are 1 grab or flips.The Salomon skates you start with do n't even have grind plates but yet they find some way to grind nor do the bikes have pegs .
 3xtreme has to be one of the worst game I 've ever played ! Not only were the graphics ugly and blocky , but the gameplay was also boring and unrealistic . Do n't rent/buy/think about this game . It 's a waste of time .
 My family LOVED 2xtreme , so we were looking forward to playing this when I found it at a local game shop a few weeks ago . We were highly disappointed to find the graphics and challenges simply did not compare .
 The illusion of motion , the passing clouds , the rising sun , the rain and storms were great , but God help anyone who does not know where to go or what to do in this game to begin with.I have a new dell dimensions computer that meets or exceeds the system requirements of this game but I found it very difficult to move around and especially difficult to see necessary details . In the generator room for example , where you need to set 59 volts for the rocket ship , I could not read the numbers on the dials . If I had not kept notes from the previous version I would never have been able to set the voltage . The worst part , however was trying to set the sound tone settings on the rocket ship control panel . After setting the lever , I could not test the notes without inadvertently changing the setting . Additionally , I never knew whether I left them in the right place or not and could not tell without pulling the main lever to test them all . I finally gave up after half an hour of trying to launch the rocket ship , a task I have done numerous times without problem in the old Myst . I also found the whole game very dark and impossible to find buttons , handles , and interesting objects that I know to be there.Even after setting the contrast and lightness controls on the monitor I had a hard time finding my way around.I bought this game to have fun and explore Myst with a fresh vision , but I found it too difficult to use and frustrating to play overall . I do not recommend this game for anyone who does not know this game intimately to begin with .
 I am an avid Myst/Riven/MystIII fan . I bought realMyst to see the advanced graphics added to it . . ie
 Like everone else I bought RealMyst because I was intrigued with the possibility of fluid 360 degree motion . I have an Athlon600 with 128 meg ram , an aureal vortex sound card , and a Viper II 32meg AGP video card.After speaking with Mattel Inc , it turns out that RealMYST is not compatible with the Viper II video card due to it 's Savage chipset . I also need to figure out a way to return an opened game back to the store .
 Do n't get me wrong , I consider myself to be a pretty die-hard Myst fan , and I love all of my fellow reviewers with as much of my soul as I can muster , but I feel the need to issue a complaint about this wretched piece of junk that calls itself a game!When I first saw Myst , I thought it was the most amazing thing I had ever laid eyes on , I was reminded of La Jetee , the old Chris Marker film in which we are given thirty minutes of still photographs telling a love story across time , space , death and reality . The film as well as the game opened the door for a whole new kind of narrative , one that was not reliant on the spectacle of motion . So , when I saw and purchased this game , I was weary of its potential offense . My weariness was not in vain as I asked myself : DOES IT NEED TO MOVE ? Just because a picture is worth a thousand words does not at all mean that fifteen or more pictures a second , sixty seconds a minute , sixty minutes an hour , nine hours a typical playing session does not mean that the game is worth up to and including 500 million words ! Frankly , I can only think of two
 Captivating the audience with graphics is about all this game is worth . Waste your time figuring out trite puzzles that are about as challenging as learning to count to 10 . It gets two stars for graphics . If your looking for eye candy and to throw away 30 dollars , Real Myst is for you .
 This is the single most incredible computer game in history . Far more visually impressive than anything I 've ever seen , including the Zooilogical Garden demo and FAKK 2 . The puzzles are smart , the story is interesting enough and the sound is just amazing . For someone who based his entire life around the original , it was quite a trip down memory lane , and -LRB- blushing -RRB- I would sometimes tear up just looking at it and hearing it 's brilliant music . There is that one little nagging problem , though . This title , which originated on the Macintosh platform , has yet to show ANY progress in their mac `` port '' . Cyan has forgotten it 's roots in leaving this masterpeice exclusively among the un-enlightened -LRB- no offense -RRB- . With the fastest towers in the world , the most powerful brand new OS in the world -LRB- OS X -RRB- and a range of graphic card options including the Voodoo5 , ATi Radeon and nVidia GeForce , the mac would be the ultimate platform for the game.But still I wait . :-LRB- - MichiganJ.S -LRB- the ultimate cyan fan -RRB-
 I had never played Myst before and I wanted to give it a try because of its popularity . My biggest gripe is that the game offers no options . Every game I know of allows a player to customize the controls . I always use the inverted mouse look -- pull back , look up ; push forward , look down . I use this in Quake , Unreal , Thief II , Hitman codename 47 , Forsaken , System shock 2 , Half-Life etc. etc. . Real Myst does not give me a choice , and I am not going to change my personal style for one game . The mouse is too sensitive , and there is no option to adjust it -LRB- as in other games -RRB- . The `` walk '' mode is way too fast . So , just try playing a game where you seem to be running all the time , the mouse operates backwards , and is too sensitive in its left to right movement . Well , I can just stand there and admire all the scenery , I guess.My system is a Dell XPS B733r -LRB- 733 Mhz coppermine , PIII -RRB- with a geForce 256 , 64MB DDR RAM 3D card , 128MB RDRAM , Soundblaster Live audio . Actually , the music in the game is very nice , and the graphics great .
 I have Myst and Riven on both Playstation and Mac . I ordered realMYST thinking that it was also for the Mac . Well , I was wrong . It is only for PC 's . Myst was the one game that started it all for me on my computer . I have purchased more GAMES through Dreamcatcher and am sitting on pins and needles waiting for Myst Exile . I am heartbroken that I can not get realMyst for my Mac and I am sure that others are too . Why were we left out ? I know that I would enjoy this new version , but I guess I 'll never know how great it really may be .
 Yes , the graphics are very good but the game is akin to an interactive painting . And so what about the graphics ? Whoopee , most games have good graphics nowadays too but GOOD games have some meat to them . RealMyst does not ; it 's a very bland game for people who do n't like real gaming experiences.After fifty minutes of looking at the pretty pictures , I was bored to tears and began the uninstall procedure . Phooey !
 I loved Myst and Riven . I was ready to love realMYST but it wo n't run on my brand new Pentium III system since I do n't have the right accelerator card . I talked with Mattel -LRB- the real publishers -RRB- and they say that it wo n't run on MOST systems since it requires a high end processor AND a specific graphics.MAKE SURE YOU HAVE THE RIGHT GRAPHICS CARD or it 's useless.Sigh , now I have to find a way to return an opened software package ...
 I 'm not a kid writing a review but a 29 year old who has played more computer games in the last year then most do in a life time.Not putting down the young but this game is clearly geared toward a younger generation . Why ? Well , lets say that I bought Rome Total War and comparing the two there is no comparison?This game is just a overgrown arcade game not a true RTS . It does not even compare to RTW or MTW or even Ages of Empires which was released in the mid nineties ! Come on EA Games ! Activision has the upper-hand when it come to true RTS stradegy !!!! I know , this is just my opinion but if you are a true gamer and a avide RTS player you will not like this game at all !!! I would go into the game play but it is not even worth it to me or my typing figures . Very disapointed in this game ! It lacks everything that makes a RTS great . Most of these great reviews are just kids -LRB- no offense -RRB- but they do n't really understand or have the taste for true RTS stradegy why ? It is tooooooooo complicated for them -LRB- no offense again -RRB- but they are just not mature enough to understand a hardcore stradegy game including economy up-keep , technology tree advancements , and your faction stats including managing money etc. that is in RTW/MTW and if they do have RTW they probably let the computer manage all this for them ? If not , they are very advanced for there age and are sure to achieve greatness later in life . At that age I did n't even have a clue about stradegy and played Mario Brothers on my Nitendo -LRB- the first version kiddies !!! -RRB- If you compare LOTRBFME to the great RTS games that have came out recently there is no comparison simply put ! If you want a good RTS game * -LRB- the best that I 've played thus far -RRB- get Rome
 DO N'T BUY THIS GAME . EA Games really botched things up on this one . Look at the game forums . . they 're rife with people who bought the game yet ca n't play it because of EA Games ' copy protection bug . I bought the game for my son . I do n't copy software or pirate anything . A notorius `` game.dat '' error will pop up on your screen after you successfully install the game . There is n't a fix under the sun that will correct the problem . Forget getting EA Games to help . They 're customer support is non-existent . I 've heard they do n't plan on resolving the issue . Buyer beware . Check out the game forums and search for `` game.dat '' .
 The game provides no growth as far as building buildings or upgrading your armies . You can play each civ once and be bored . The way you use each civ is the same , they do not have unique attributes beyond naming the armies and buildings something different . I guess if I never was to play an rts I would like it , but since i have games like Rise of Nations , etc. to compare it against it falls very short . If you like lord of the rings and have bought all of the other games , then by all means go out and buy this one , but if you like a good rts this is not one of them . BTW
 I like the premise behind the game . Move objects to help the penguins reach their destination . However actually completing the tasks proved more difficult than it should have been . Not a game for young children at all .
 My daughter wanted this really bad . I bought it for her , she played it once , now wants to put it in the yard sale . She said she cant figure it out . She is 10 and she has not had any fun with it . So I would stay clear of this one . What a waste of money .
 I ordered the copperhead and received the diamondback . A good mouse but not the one i wanted . I didnt return it cause i needed a good mouse in a hurry and i figured it could take another two weeks to get the copperhead .
 Folks , I 've used ALL of the razer mice over the years that I have been gaming and guess what ? Up 'til this piece of useless plastic I was extremely pleased with Razer 's selection of mice for `` lefties '' and gamers with smaller hands.The problems with this mouse runs the gamut of poor firmware , spotty problems with firmware updates , crappy drivers , and voila ! - sometimes my XP Pro rig wo n't even recognize it and I have to reboot.Crap-tastic performance . Inconsistent , too . Sometimes it works okay BUT now that the new Logitech Left-handed laser mouse with all the bells 'n' whistles has been released , I 've solved my Copperhead problems by promptly ordering its replacement from our friend Amazon.com . In a few short days , I 'll be in gaming-bliss with a dependable mouse from Logitech.In case you might guess that I 'm an idiot with regard to PCs or am simply too dense to operate the mouse correctly , I DID contact Razer support and advised them of my problem-set . They told me via e-mail to `` try '' the mouse on a different PC . Right . It was my PC 's fault . -LRB- I STILL have their e-mail reply to my original query ; otherwise I would n't make such a claim without proper verification . -RRB- Save yourself the headaches and buy the new Logitech laser mouse for `` lefties . '' It 's every bit as fast as the Copperhead is supposed to be and it really works I 'm told by people who know . And it 's LESS COSTLY than the `` snaky '' Razer Copperhead .
 However , I 'm going to call a spade ' a spade ' and just get right to it
 i have bought several of these mice , and to be honest every time i am in the heat of battle it fails one way or another . it always becomes unusable and your settings will change mid game . try to ask for help and they ignore your requests . i have ended up throwing this product against the wall now it will be 6 times . to be fair i like certain things about this mouse and thats why i keep trying to give it another chance . but recently i asked them to help me with it changing settings mid game , and of course no response and when i was in a very important on line match it failed and became worthless.i checked the settings i made and they were all different then when i started the game , they had resset themselves to the maximum .
 I completely agree . This mouse sucks ! I got the Copperhead from my brother and was excited to try it out after hearing the reviews as a Top Gaming Mouse in comparison to the Logitech G5 - plus it 's backed with the Razer reputation . I was surprised to find it flimsily constructed -LRB- the edges of the plastic is n't completely in-line at its base . I can feel the uneven edge of the plastic at the butt - think scraping -RRB- and it 's super lightweight ! The contour of the curve is n't comfortable and it 's slim so even the smallest hands ca n't `` rest '' on it . The wheel is awkward and it does n't glide smoothly -LRB- for smaller hands , you have to reach for the wheel -RRB- . I honestly ca n't imagine how they could sell this as a premium product . Aside from the software , it feels more like a stock mouse you get with your computer but with lights . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I was so excited when the mouse arrived in the mail . The packaging looks great and it was very easy to install.The problem is if I move the mouse at a very slow speed , the mouse doesnt move because it 's too slow for the sensor to know the mouse is moving . It 's very annoying when you need to move at a slow and careful speed and it 's not moving . I 've tried putting the mouse on different material thinking maybe the Razer Mouse pad was the problem but the same thing happens.This mouse would be great if you 're always moving the mouse fast but if need careful precision speed , it 's very annoying . My plan is to ebay the mouse and try another one.The 4 buttons to the sides are a little stiff but since i dont use them that often , it doesnt bother me . The front 2 buttons are about right in stiffness but I wish it was slightly more soft on the clicking .
 Good mouse when it works . Very accurate.However , the mouse 's optical engine died on me within 2 months of use . I have contacted Razer support many times and they have failed to contact me back .
 This mouse has all the bells and whistles - it can do virtually anything . But it has one major problem . It is too big for anyone with a smaller hand.From my wrist to the tip of my middle finger , my hand is 6.5 inches long . This mouse is 5 inches long . To comfortably hold it , i can not reach the mouse wheel . The two buttons on the right side are completely inaccessable to me , rendering them useless . To reach them , i have to hold my hand in a painful claw position because my pinky does not rest that far out naturally.This mouse is probably fantastic for a normal man 's hand , but i have a smaller woman 's hand , and purchasing this was a waste of my money.If you are a woman or a man with a smaller hand , you must take this into consideration when ordering this mouse .
 Just a few months after ownership , this mouse started randomly double clicking when single clicks were intended . Adjusted double click speed to the slowest but no change . Searching the problem found many users with the same complaints -- even with mice that were returned under warranty . Unfortunately , Razer needs proof of purchase for claims ... even though the serial number would probably confirm the mouse was made in the past 2 years . For a high end mouse , this is not acceptable . I think I will just stick to a MS mouse -- those things are workhorses .
 I know it 's meant for the original Xbox , but the 360 has this game in its Backwards compatibility list . That 's why I bought it . But there was a lot of corrupt graphics in the background . I think it was caused by being on the 360 which it was n't meant for I guess . But at least the 360 has KOF2002UM now . Best KOF IMO !
 If you have an old pc that has windows 98 then you can use this game . It wo n't work with 2000 , xp , or windows 7
 I got this charge station as part of a package . I thought I was getting the Nyko brand charging station , but instead I got this . This first thing I do n't like about this is that you ca n't charge the batteries while they are in the remote . Secondly , you can only charge one battery pack at a time . So , if you have two remotes you essentially will still need additional batteries on hand to make sure your remotes do n't die on you.This is bad enough , but to make matters worse the battery life is HORRIBLE . I had a battery that had been charging for 6 hours and the station indicated it was fully charged , but when I went to play in lasted LESS THAN 2 HOURS OF PLAY TIME ! This is unacceptable . Unfortunately , my regular pair of alkaline batteries lasted me for more than 30 days , so I 'm past the return date to take this back . Now you have been warned .
 You can only re-charge one battery at a time and you need to take the battery off the controller . I had bought one in the past from a different company -LRB- and it was cheaper -RRB- and it allowed me to re-charge the controller by simply placing the controller on the dock.Also , taking the batteries off the controller is very difficult and tight ! With the amount of force that I need to use I almost feel like I 'm breaking it . Just to let you know , I 'm not 7 yrs old ... I 'm 40 .
 When I first got it , I was initially disappointed that it only charges one battery at a time , and that you have to remove the pack from the Wiimote -LRB- and remove any sleeve you have on it -RRB- . The battery packs never held much of a charge out of the box , and now it 's become even worse . They can spend all day charging and then last barely an hour before dying . Every time the indicator changes to the `` charged '' color , pushing in the battery pack and sliding it around a little will change it to `` charging '' . It may just be me , but my station sometimes wo n't even get power , and I have to fiddle with the cable going into the base.Still , it 's a decent Wiimote cradle at best , ignoring the charging functions entirely . If you need some way to keep your Wiimotes vertical for easy access -LRB- and are too lazy to craft one yourself -RRB- this is a great product . You 'll have to take off any sleeves you use -LRB- or peel it back a little -RRB- but straps are fine . There 's even a perfect place to keep spare AA batteries , but I do n't recommend placing anything there while powering the LED lights -LRB- they are only there for aesthetics , so you 're not required to have it plugged in to hold your Wiimotes -RRB- . I suggest picking these up used from a likely unsatisfied customer , perhaps even seeking out `` as is '' or broken models , solely for a lump of plastic to keep your controllers in . But do make sure you do n't spend more than $ 5 for it .
 This product does not work that well , charge last maybe an hour . Regular batteries the way to go .
 I wish I could give this 0 stars ... it is dangerous.I purchased this charger and it has been in use since Christmas day . Last night , my daughter was trying to put a battery pack into a Wiimote and the battery pack got extremely hot in a few seconds and burned a blister on her finger.I thought she just had the battery in wrong so I foolishly went ahead and inserted it into the Wiimote . It went in ok and all seemed well . I put the Wiimote in the doc and left it until today . The battery pack malfunctioned and melted in the Wiimote destroying both the battery pack and the Wiimote.I 'm working with Beach Audio to see what they will do to help . If they do n't replace my Wiimote , I 'll go to Amazon and Intec next .
 Do not recommend . The remotes worked with AA rechargable batteries , however , the charger did not work properly . Amazon has not replied to my message I left about the product . I purchased them as a gift and they do work well with AA rechargable batteries.This is the only product I 've purchased from Amazon that I 've had problems with .
 This product is not worth the money . It only charges when the Wii is powered on .
 I really liked the concept of this product , but please be warned of the following
 A waste . Limits the use of the Wii controller . Too difficult to take on and off . Bat broke shear off during a swing . Nice idea but does not make the grade .
 During the baseball game , the bat totally snapped in half-luckily the remote was not damaged . An adult was playing the game , the baseball attachment was not struck-just the swing of the bat broke the attachment . Now the golf club and tennis racket are useless .
 I received this product as a gift and thought it would be a lot of fun . However , the piece that attaches the bat , golf club , etc broke on first use . Despite swinging lightly -LRB- because I was nervous the attachment would fly off -RRB- , the bat flung out and hit my wall . There is a dent in my wall now ... . not happy about that . DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM . I do n't understand how some people gave this product a 5 star rating . Imagine the golf club attachment launching off into your nice plasma tv ... I was lucky it was just a wall .
 My husband purchased these accessories to go with Wii Sports . They should have been made much larger . Especially the golf club ! You get a child size version of a tennis racket , golf club and a baseball bat . The tennis racket helps you visualize what you need to do slightly better , but the baseball bat and golf club are just silly . Save your money and use it toward more games !
 This product is very bad , do n't expend your money . Wii work very bad with this accesories
 I bought this because it was on sale and I soon realized why they were trying to get rid of them at the store.You put your wii controller in this plastic cradle and then snap on the various extensions . My issue was that the extensions were held on by a really flimsy latch that felt like it was getting looser as you played . Eventually , the extension would just fly off.After a few times of that happening to me , the part on the cradle that synchs to the extension broke off and went flying with the extension . I had to throw away all of the extensions because they were rendered usesless as the cradle was broken.The bat and the tennis raquet were adequate , but the golf club gave me the fits . It telescopes down I 'm assuming to make it easier to fit in the packaging . I did n't see any other reason why this would help anybody as the club is pretty short , even when fully extended . If you did have it telescoped down , it would fly out to full extension when you hit a shot which got annoying.They did make it easier to play the wii sports games , but the flimsyness of the latching system makes this , in my opinion , a recipe for disaster .
 Even though there is a lock on the bat , racket and club , they release when used ... causing a bat , racket or club to go flying through the air . Not very good times when you have windows or a tv to the front or side of you . It 's a great idea and lots of fun before they come unlocked . Would recommend purchasing a different version .
 I purchased this product during one of Amazon 's sales and received it on 10/3/07 ; however , the item is not what it appears to be . First , this is the 3-piece set , not the 4-piece set shown in the picture and as noted in the product description ... it does not include the sword . If you want the sword , you will need to purchase the `` Ultimate '' set at 30 bucks . In addition , if you are looking for any meaningful assistance from Amazon Customer Service you will be even more disappointed . Their two suggested solutions were to contact the manufacturer to resolve the issue as it was n't really their problem , or spend the extra money to purchase the set that I thought I was buying in the first place.The most disappointing part is that Amazon has done nothing to correct the listing , as of this date it still indicates this is a 4-piece set .
 The game play was not very good compared to Medal of Honor series or Call of Duty series . I attribute that to poor game programming . I was quite disappointed in the game overall . I would not recommend this game to anyone .
 I 'm a big Civil War buff , and love learning and teaching about the conflict . For years , I 've longed for a game that brings the battles and traumas of life during the war to life . When I found out , by a television commercial , that the History Channel helped to created `` Civil War
 I guess I was confused when I bought this , but based on the description , should n't there be some kind of campaign mode ? So far , and I admit I have n't played through all of the battles , it seems like a poorly-done , overly-simplified , super-easy , first-person-shooter with an extremely rigid linear play-through capacity.It says that you command full complements of troops of varying types across the battlefields . Um ... where is that exactly ? From the description I was expecting an advanced version of Star Wars Battlefront series . You know , a campaign game from each side , then an opportunity to fight whichever battles you wanted from different perspectives . I guess that would have taken more than the 37 minutes that they spent programming this though ... On the plus side , for what it is -LRB- not much -RRB- , it does provide some small amount of amusement .
 i am really in to the civil war . When i bought this game i thought it would be fun . i was mistaken , the game only has 12 missions none of which are easy , its like pulling teeth . The game does n't save itself so if you forget for some reason your out of luck . Another thing is you only get to play one side of the battle . this is a game to rent NOT to buy .
 It is quite refreshing that the video game market has finally decided to include our American Civil War . Yet , as a ` first person shooter ' this game ranks only marginally against any other . Because of that , only Civil War enthusiasts will probably purchase this game , while the rest of the market will be simply disappointed . This , therefore , only leaves us so-called `` history buffs '' to enjoy the game . Unfortunately , this game did not live up to my expectations . I , wrongly , assumed that the History Channel would only allow it 's name on historically accurate/detailed media . For example , the game will tell you that Gettysburg saw 50 + thousand dead . That is simply inaccurate . This number also includes wounded and missing . Now , I understand that it 's silly to pick apart a video game as though it were the Zapruder film . However , it seems , to me anyway , that it is only fair to represent actual events in our nation 's history as accurately as possible . This is especially important because this particular media is enjoyed primarily by the youth . Youth that , for various reasons , do not fully understand the history of our nation . I am , therefore , asking the producers -LRB- and the History Channel -RRB- of this game that they consider putting out another game that will more honestly entertain as well as educate . There are so many exciting , while tragic , episodes and battles of our American Civil War that , if produced , I 'm sure could become a best-selling video game . What 's more , we could educate the youth of our nation 's most terrible struggle without them even knowing it !!! -LSB- ... -RSB- . Joe .
 a disgrace that History channel lent their name to this piece of poorly designed garbage.The simplistic settings and small scale settings gave no indication of involvement on a grand scale war , rather a feeling of early video game simplistic development.Jim
 My wife bought this game for our son on Christmas , and we 've been playing it because we like Medal of Honor and Call of Duty-style first-person shooters , which this game appeared to be.I think I can sum up my opinion of this game as such
 I like history games . I like action games . I do n't like action games made with a bare bones programming . The game is not entertaining . You spend the majority of the game shooting than hiding . After each shot , you get a smoke cloud that blocks your view and most of the enemies take a couple of shots to kill . Yet , your enemy , even on easy , have amazing accuracy with thier shooting . The civil war guns are known for being highly inaccurate . Overall , if you got to try it , just rent it .
 Like many others I could n't wait to play this game . After playing it I was kind of dissapointed . For one the types of weapons used in the game were not that common during the war its self . Secondly the solo man on a simple mission , give me a break . Thirdly the battleground should have had alot more bodies laying around . And last but not least only being able to play six missions as a confederate , and the other six as a YANKEE . To me playing as a yankee is like playing as a NAZI in a ww2 game . Where was the line battles , Where was the Cavalry Charges ? First person shooter is great for ww2 and other modern warfare games , but not for the war between the states .
 Do not believe the description Amazon gives of this game . It 's a blatant lie . `` Control full compliments of troops and move them across the battlefield - cavalry , musketeers , riflemen and moreCommand cannons and mortars , build and take forts and experience 3D combat `` 1 . You do n't control any compliment of troops other than the one soldier you play as .2 . You do n't dig a trench , let alone build a fort .3 . The `` 3D combat '' might as well be 2D sidescrolling combat , because the game limits your movement so severely that you might as well be on rails.In addition , this game is grossly historically inaccurate . Other reviewers have already covered how , so I 'll leave it at that . This game is atrocious .
 well first of all the graphics a horrible like the first ghost recon and it said rated for blood and violence but there was no blood an in the first 10 min . of playing it it started swearing in the text below the screen so i give it one star .
 I just received this in hopes of giving it to my son for Christmas . I should have known not to buy a gaming product with `` Rate Pending '' . Upon receipt of this game , I find that it is rated `` Teen '' and has warnings of Mild Violence , Mild Language and of all things `` Use of Alcohol '' . Why is this necessary in gaming ??? It is illegal for teens to use alcohol , so why should the games that they play promote it ??? This product is being sent back for refund .
 The remote works only sometimes , and I 've tried changing the battery . I would NOT buy this product again , not ever .
 Any image that has a lot of white will start to move up and down with a large black bar accross the middle of your screen -LRB- like older TVs acted when they were n't tuned just right -RRB-
 We got the product for for our kids hooked it up and the product does n't completly work only certain inputs work . Remote was sent with a dead battery . I did n't actualy expect a battery at all but if the product does n't even work with my TV , WII , PS2 , DVD Player or Surround sound all at once or individually hooked why am I going to waste more money on a battery . Would not purchase from them again ! NO RESPONCE IN EMAILS
 As soon as I opened this thing I realized the remote was broke . Then when I finally hooked it all up my picture was all blurry no matter what I did to it . Thank god I went HD and now I only have to worry about 2 wires . Get a HDTV !!!!!!!!!!!!
 I uninstalled it after a few minutes . Its more annoying than useful as an educational tool . My best advice if you want education is to boy another product or a text book .
 I picked up this game within the first week or so of it hitting the shelves . After dealing with the flag issues on just about everytime I played , I put it away and waited for a patch to be released to try again . After downloading the patch I loaded up , hit the track , was running in the lead , caution came out , slowed and followed the pace car per the screen directions and when the green flag came out I was disqualified . The graphics are nice the sound is really fantastic but the playability is hiddious . I have so many mods and extra tracks for Nascar Racing 2003 that I will just keep playing that until someone can show me that the folks at EA really put out something that does not get me in trouble with the wife for `` getting mad at the dumb game '' .
 I do n't own the game but have played the demo and it is no better than last year 's offering . They 've had the field all to themselves for the last two years and it is still only 1/10th the game that Papyrus put out 2 years ago . What a joke !!! I would n't buy this on a dare .
 I ran out and bought this game to get my racing fix . I had been excited about some of the features added to this game , such as the new rule changes and the career mode . While the new features are nice , overall , I am very disappointed in this game . The bugs are too numerous to count . I 've had to end and restart the game too often to correct things like my car being transparent , the race screen disappearing , and my paint scheme disappearing from my car.Also , the game-play is not quite what I had hoped for . I find myself constantly fighting with my steering wheel -LRB- I 've tried both sidewinder and thrustmaster force feedback -RRB- . No matter how I adjust the settings , I am constantly going back and forth across the track trying to get the car to go straight . And do n't even get me started on trying to handle the turns.Car physics and dynamics are horrible . Sometimes , you really have to work on spinning the car . Also , when cars make contact , you rarely loose control . It 's like nothing happened.I have to admit , I 've played the Papyrus games -LRB- Nascar 2002 & 2003 -RRB- and was hoping this game would improve upon what they had accomplished , but it took several steps backwards . Unfortunately , playing the game is just frustrating for me . I am upset that EA has sole use of the NASCAR license for so long . Hopefully , they are listening and planning on making MAJOR improvements for next year . I wish that I could get my $ 40 back . Hopefully , someday they will actually finish the patch ...
 Great graphics , good car setup tools , tracks look better than ever , completely totally unplayable unless all you want to do is practice and qualify . The game engine does not work at all . I wish I had read reviews on the car sim boards before wasting 10 bucks on this piece of trash . Even before you can start a race you will get a penalty for not being in the correct starting position even though you are right in the right place and then you will be disqualified before you can get to the pits to serve your penalty . Same thing every track every time .
 Uninstalled this peice of garbage today . This game definately does not live up to the hype . Is it better than Thunder 04 ? maybe . Is it a realistic Nascar sim ? NO . If your looking for a Sim Nascar Game buy anything made by Papyrus Racing Games . From Nascar 4 to Nascar 2003 . They are not perfect but they are way closer than this . I really had my hopes up that EA would get it right this time but once again they fell way short . EA has exclusive rights to Nascar Sims now and since there is no competition they do n't have to worry about making anything better . I 've been racing online for 4 years and playing racing games for several years before that . If your looking for a new racing game even if it 's not a Nascar game for the PC look elsewhere GTR and R Factor come to mind as games that show way more promise than this one .
 This is an absolute joke of a game . If a car spins and you pass them to proceed to the yellow , you are disqualified for passing a car after the yellow comes out . If you stop behind the car that spun , you are disqualified for going too slow under caution . In other words , if any car spins in front of you , you are disqualified . This is true even with the 1.0.2.5 patch . This game is proof that EA cares about nothing but the bottom line . It is not playable .
 Ridiculously buggy even after the patch . If there is a yellow flag , chances are you will be blackflagged and taken out of the race . Trying to bring in the elements of sponsorship and working your way through the different divisions was a great concept , too bad what should be the easiest part to program -LRB- the NASCAR rules themselves -RRB- turn this game into an unplayable mess.I guess we 're left with an aging Papyrus Nascar Racing 2003 as the only decent NASCAR sim .
 Do n't let the new title fool you this is nothing more then NASCAR Thunder 2004 tweaked and updated . The engine is exactly the same . This game was released as a beta and has not been playble online -LRB- as it was advertised it would be -RRB- . EA has spent 4 months developing a patch that did n't fix anything other then add more problems.The game was suppose to be the NASCAR Racing 2003 replacement . Unfornately EA spent all there money on marketing/hype lies instead of making a game that can actually be a replacement . Of all the racing leagues on the net . I do n't think any of them switched to this . In fact NSR is pretty much a standing joke of the community and gives you a bad taste in your mouth just thinking about it.EA had there one chance with SimRacing and they blew it as far as I 'm concerned . I seriously doubt they will patch this thing up to anything playable -LRB- like they promised -RRB- and the next great patch will be NSR 2006 . I for one doubt anyone is going to be fooled this time.We did n't like crappy NASCAR Thunder before you bought out papyrus -LRB- EAs exclusive NASCAR deal -RRB- and we certainly do n't like it afterwords!In closing avoid NSR like the plague
 I would like to note that this review is for the demo version of the game only , and also to voice my opinions on the reported features of the game . Based on the demo , I do not plan on purchasing this game.Good things : The best aspect of this game is that it 's new , so all the recent rule changes , such as the no-race-back-to-the-yellow rule , or the green-white-checkered rule are enforced . This game also features the `` Chase for the Cup '' points format used in this past season . The tracks are also modeled accurately and the graphics on each track are very well done . All the track logos are up-to-date -LRB- the one exception being there are no alcohol logos allowed -RRB- . The graphics and sound engines are top of the line . I am also intrigued by the prospect of a `` Career Mode '' that is included in this game . This game has many strong points and should attract a wide audience , which will lead to great online support.Bad Things : While the tracks are modeled beautifully , it should be noted that not all tracks are included . Most notably missing is Pocono Raceway , one of the few `` unique '' tracks remaining on the circuit . Also missing are the Busch and Truck series tracks . The car models are subpar , appearing very toy-ish , especially the tire models . The worst aspect is the 3-D cockpit , modeled so poorly -LRB- cartoon-ish -RRB- that it serioulsy detracts from the realism of the game . As for online support , I believe the best support sites will not be switching allegiances to this game.Other problems I had : I have been used to driving racing games from Papyrus for years , so maybe I 'm a little biased toward their style of gaming engine . I always felt that the Papy engine gave each of their games a level of excitement , as if I were always driving on the edge and the slightest mistake would ruin my day . This is not the case with NASCAR SimRacing . For me , the car will not settle into a corner the way I 'm used to . I find myself having to drag the brake pedal and turn sharply just the make the corner without hitting the wall . There 's very little smoothness to the driving style.Again , perhaps I am biased to the Papy style . But I have driven other games from other companies -LRB- like GTR , Richard Burns Rally , even NASCAR Heat -RRB- and have had success . Why I ca n't even make a decent lap in any EA Sports offering is beyond me.Overall : If you are looking for a game with an up-to-date rules package , accurate track modeling , and a nifty-sounding career mode all included in a `` simulation , '' this is probably your game . However , I do not recommend this game to `` serious '' sim-racers who want a thrilling experience on every level -LRB- graphically , physically , mentally , etc. -RRB- . I believe that this game offers an alternative to the competition , not a replacement . This is not the sim that will make me turn away from the classic offering from Papyrus . For the serious gamer , I recommend one of two things
 Despite all that is wrong with this game , you can see some glimmers of hope that represents potential . Unfortunately , the game 's bugginess right now will be its demise unless the patch squad is working round the clock . Many of us bought into the hype that has not been delivered . It is hard to imagine how this product could have gone into production and out the door in its current state . Unless it was a bunch of monkeys running behind the racing wheels and performing the beta test , the blatent black and yellow flag issues will drive hard core simmers nuts . There is no way any human beings who tested this game could not have seen these bugs . As previously stated , it is virtually unplayable as shipped . EA should be hammered with a class action suit and refund everybody who shelled out their hard earned money on this product that clearly fails the `` fitness of purpose '' test . It clearly does not perform in the manner for which it was designed . Factor in that I doubled my RAM to 1GB and added a new ATI 9800 display card , I have $ 350 invested in a game that sits idly on my shelf waiting for a fix . I hope the cigar chomping EA execs are pleased with their decision to rush this out in time to capitalize on the Daytona 500 hype . They have clearly underestimated the sim racing community who may not be the largest group in the world , but have come to expect quality and demand it . Get this thing patched -LRB- several times -RRB- , stand behind your development efforts , and give the consumer the sim that you promised .
 Yes , the graphics aredisappointing , and the game physics lags well behind Papyrus 's NASCAR Racing 2003 . But what really takes the cake with this game is the bugginess , especially with yellow and black flag rules . Under a yellow flag , you follow the on-screen and spotter directions , and you will likely get black-flagged for passing someone you were n't supposed to . if you slow down to get in the right spot , you will be black flagged . If there is a wreck in front of you and you pass a wrecked car after the caution - black flag ! I tried about 30 times and not ONCE did I finish a race without getting black flagged for some absurd reason . Papyrus figured out how to fix these problems years ago , but the EA monopoly does n't have to , apparently . NASCAR SimRacing is an absolutely unplayable game and I have sent it back for a refund . Do n't waste your time and money !
 As adverttised on the box , the box promises online racing with 43 drivers racing on the same track . -LRB- when you race any more than 17 online the flags do n't work at all -RRB- . The ranking system promised does ` nt work either -LRB- ex . it takes away points for bump drafting at restrictor plate tracks -RRB- . As far as leagues go , the league organizers have to call their own flags which most of the time causes a war with players because they missed somthing and which results with players quiting.I bought this game because I wanted a sim racing experience not the arcade kidde version you sold me for 40 bucks . Now everytime i see the EA games commercial i really laugh when they say its in the game because its not in this one . I 've given my game discs to my 2yr old he has fun playing frisbee with them . I will never buy a game again unless a read reviews other than the ones posted on Ea 's site because i now know they were tainted by the allmighty dollar and if Ryan Newman played this game that i have he must be blind.This is to the Nascar stars dont do endorsements for products that you dont test yourself . Bottomline everyone pass on this game unless you find out they fixed the problems in a more current review .
 I bought this game a year ago , and still have n't got it to work ! EA has stopped supporting this game long ago . This game is total crap anyway . The ONLY real NASCAR Sim is NASCAR Racing 2003 Season by Papyrus . That game is continuously updated and supported by the largest single game following that I have ever seen . There are addons available for free through third party websites including Grand National , Craftsman Truck , ARCA Re/Max , and IROC . Those websites also keep all the paint schemes current , and are easily found through a Google or Yahoo search . Use what the real NASCAR drivers race online with , there are tons of open leagues available . -LSB- ... -RSB- Do not buy NASCAR Sim Racing , or you will be dissapointed .
 Please Do n't Throw your money away.There are so many errors in the game , it is almost impossible to play till they come out with patches to fix the game . There is major issues with Black Flag and Yellow Flag rules . You can be black flaged for no reason . The Graphics are no better than Nascar 2003 . If you do n't believe me check out all the sim racing forums and see what they are saying about this game before you buy , and you will see that it is not worth the $ 40 .
 There are two types of computer racers
 EA has failed once again.If you are looking for a realistic Nascar sim , then do not buy this game , or any other Nascar game from EA Sports for that matter.The graphics on this game are great , but the whole thing is just so unrealistic.I really thought it would be different this time but as always EA does not live up to my expectations . If you want a true Nascar sim any of the Nascar games from Papyrus is your best bet , i highly recommend Nascar racing 2003 season , 2002 season , or nascar racing 4 all Papyrus games .
 Having raced excellent SIMS , such as Papyrus Nascar Racing 2003 season , I was at first disappointed to see EA worked out an exclusive deal with NASCAR to be the only company allowed to produce NASCAR racing programs . This meant other companies , like Papyrus , could no longer make or update their great racing SIM . My first thoughts turned much worse when this EA sports `` game '' called NASCAR Sim Racing finally came out after many delays . To keep this short , it is NOT a Sim , and is along the same type of racing `` game '' EA has produced for years . Might as well race on an Atari . Forget about online or multiplayer racing . Does n't work , and looks like EA has given up on trying to fix it . Save your money , and instead buy a used copy of Papyrus NASCAR racing 2003 season . Excellent online racing , and is the SIM the real NASCAR drivers use in their free time . On a scale of 1 to 10 , this EA `` game '' rates a 2 , and for comparison , the Papyrus sim rates a 9 out of 10 . Hopefully EA will abandon it 's deal with NASCAR after this flop , and we will again get another software maker that will give use an up to date NASCAR racing SIM.For football EA and Madden rule . But as this game shows , being great at one thing does not mean you can instantly do anything else .
 This is the worst Nascar Game Ever.There are a lot of Nascar and Racing games out there , this one is just all bad.Fake as all get out.It 's about as much fun as sorting socks .
 This item is not compatible with Windows 7 . I knew it could be a problem when I bought it , but I hoped that my computer would adjust so I could use it . It would not run . I plan to have a computer tech look at the situation . May be they can get it to work .
 THE GAME WAS VERY SLOW TO NAVIGATE BETWEEN SET UP SCREENS AND EVENTUALLY I JUST SAID , WHY BOTHER ? EA SPORTS DIDNT GET IT RIGHT WITH THIS ONE .
 Graphics are ok . The sound is about 5 years behind in the times . The game play is not challenging at all . An arcade-like physics engine . A child could drive . Absolutely NO realism compared to Papyrus Nascar Racing 2003 season , which was simply the BEST Nascar racing sim out there for graphics , sounds and realism , period ! If you can find it , buy it , and forget this one . This game by EA is not for the serious racing enthusiast . What 's more sad is that now EA is the only game in town . Their Madden stuff is great , but this game ... . forget it .
 This game is not playable , EA Sports did not get the basics right . For instance random black flags , and ejections from races . The online code is horrible . They promised a patch , we got it . It did not fix much . I feel like I donated $ 40 to EA because I used it a few times and it was not playable . Save your money . Stick with NASCAR Racing 2003 , it 's light years ahead of EA 's SimRacing 2005 .
 Two words
 Hello , Im reallllly disappointment for this EaSports stolen bought out papyrus nascar racing !! i just bought nascar simuation racing 2005 as i thought its gon na be new and excited found i am reallly so wrong . it reallly stinks techonical . i am very angry with ea for being butthead taking away from papyrus nascar racing business . Guess what i think they bought papyrus because papyrus nascar racing really done very excellent job on nascar programming very talent job better than Ea Sports nascar thats why Ea fear papyrus gon na rasie biggest profit for nascar program !! oh Hello Ea Sports all other sports like baseball fottball and basketball its the best for Ea sports that i appreicate it alot but not NASCAR !! i want papyrus back in business for 2005 !!! I am gon na have people sign up petition to rasie help papyrus back in nascar business !! i am going to make it happen !! oh boy this ea thunder nascar 2003,2004,2005 really stinks !! hey u people who had nascar 2003 racing i am so sure they 're better than nascar simuation racing definetly !! Its Ea Sport thunder all the same as Nascar every year for new one . It 's allll the same !!!! Papyrus has done many differently racing every year . I am still playing papyrus nascar 2003 racing but I just gave away the new Nascar simutation racing 2005 because its bad , same thing and no fun as it would be fun for the kids !! Sorry EaSports U 're bad no talent , excellent with Nascar !!!
 How much fun can a game be where all you do is turn left ? not very . This is probably one of the lowest budget games to hit the shelves since aquaman . It shows ALL the signs of a cheaply made game :1 . you cant change the camera angles2 . the surrounding are very dark , and it is nearly impossible to see what is around you .3 . the controls are TERRIBLE !!! if u like a game where u just press any button u want , this is it .4 . they give u barely any instruction whatsoever on how to play , or what you objectives are . They just throw you in the level and assume you know exaclty what u r supposed to do .
 Right now , you can buy EA sports Nascar Thunder 2004 , new , for under 10 dollars on this web site.Nascar 2003 , by papyrus , has 4 used copies for 60 dollars.And it 's 2 years old . You do the Math!After seeing the Demo I can only imagine what kind of a let down this game is going to be.Hold on to your copy of 2003 real tight!Sierra , please come back !
 This game turned out to be a real disappointment . EA Sports really dropped the ball . The only support for this much in need of a patch game is the online community . I am not very optimistic about the union of Nascar and EA Sports .
 Everything in the game as far as graphics and feel are awesome , however ; the online play is far from as described on the box . There are several issues that have made online racing with a full field and flag rules virtuously impossible . The patch that came out was useless and created more issues with online play . EA has lots of work to do to make this a viable option for online play . I have been very disappointed with EA 's response or lack of to the complaints . To my knowledge EA has not done anything to correct the many complaints that my Online Racing League has sent .
 I gave this game a shot , and after a few months I 've decided that you are much better off going with the older Nascar Season 2003 . It just feels more authentic . Graphics are fine on NSR . The tracks are beautiful , but the cars look pretty chunky . Physics-wise the cars handle well but it is really hard to get any of the cars loose . I did n't try any of the online racing . I personally do not like EA . They come off as arrogant . They buy all of the rights for Nasacar and put out a mediocre product . Sure , each year there are improvements , but even five years from now I ca n't see them coming close to the quality of the original Paprus product . Just my two cents -LRB- actually $ 39.99 -RRB- .
 With EA starting to eliminate the competition with it 's take over of all the franchise tags -LRB- NFL with Madden , NASCAR titles -RRB- it is time we as consumers demand that they actually do something that is better each year rather that just an update of rosters -LRB- Madden -RRB- and Cars -LRB- Nascar -RRB- . We as consumers demand a choice and when we are forced to play sub-par products that have no competition because of the sell out by each franchise I say just do not buy any of EA 's stuff . This title is OK but not even close to Nascar Racing 2003 season . Which by the way you can still get upgrades for 2005 cars , mods for the truck series , IROC and Busch Series . The AI in NR 2003 is ten time better than EA 's product . I returned my copy and got something else . What a let down with no way to paint your own cars like NR 2003 and the racing just seems plain . Please email EA and demand more from them . Until they deliver a product that is worthy of my hard earned $ 40 - $ 50 I for one will not play there games period . p.s. the reviews on this game can be found at gamerankings.com and you will see most reviews are a 83 out of a 100 .
 This game will NOT work on Vista , no matter what you do . It just wont read . I am a computer programmer , so I am very familiar with getting older games to play on Vista but this one just wouldnt do it.I gave such a poor rating anyways , because the production companies website said this product was compatible with Vista , but once I purchased and called to see if there was something I wasnt doing right , they let me know their information was wrong and that it wasnt Vista compatible.Boo ... F Grade . 1 Star -LRB- For the Name ? -RRB- . 1/10 Rating.Boo ...
 After reading all the negative reviews and wanting to place one -LRB- negative -RRB- myself I can only think of one thing . I hope EA is reading the feedback . But all EA cares about is sales . EA will make thier game fixes for the fingertip gamers but for all the racing puriests out there search for plan B. Its a shame a good thing like Papyrus was ruined for EA SPORTS strive for the all mighty dollar .
 As far as Ea 's Sim racing goes the graphics are great and the car physics are good.However the game fails to meet its name as a Nascar Sim since the only way to play online is without flags since the flag code of the program is broken and obviously broken out of the box.EA 's half hearted attempt at fixing this problem in its patch was at best laughable.EA needs to step-up and find a fix for the flag issues asap , and also needs to address the ranking system that they advertise the game has which is also broken.As far as I am concerned just calling this game a Sim is false advertising since it ca n't come close to simulating a Nascar race in multiplayer mode .
 Well I can say after having bought Nascar Racing 4 a 11/2 weeks ago , I have had more fun playing that game than any console EA Sports Nascar game or this Nascar Sim Racing . It is only too bad that EA has paid the drivers , teams , their own employees and biased reviewers to spread this propaganda of being the best Nascar franchise out there . Having played the Papyrus games , I totally disagree with EA on this . For one , Ryan Newman and every other driver is required to display the EA Logo on their race cars . Like I said , there paid off to say what they say . In car physics and damage modeling , Nascar Sim Racing clearly is behind the curve . You can run into somebody and they keep going while you fall back . There hardly are any spin-outs in this game by hitting other cars . You can spin yourself out many times , of course.Their cars seem to for the most part , except on a few occasions , be very little affected by your driving style . I love the fact in Papyrus Nascar Racing 4 game that any error on your part contributes to the consequence of several or many other cars . The `` Big One '' at Daytona and Talladega seems to be non-existent in Nascar Sim Racing also . Has EA ever watched any of the wrecks from the last 5-6 years at these tracks ? I sometimes wonder if EA has ever watched a full Nascar Race at all . Because if they did , they would see that Nascar is not only about the money , the drivers , the teams , The fans but also about realism . Nascar Fans desire a true replica of what they see on TV week in and week out and if privileged to do so , see the race in person . I do have to admit while I 've said some harsh things so far that will probably infuriate some ... now for the positive . The best feature this game has is upgradability of engine package . If you are computer savvy or techno , you can go into the game program files and then choose engine settings and modify gear ratios so you can run well over 200 mph ! My brother has figured out how to modify the game and even tweaked it once to where he was going around Talladega at over 270 mph ! If not computer savvy , you may want to leave this alone . But if you can figure out how to tweak the engines , this game gains 45 percent more value ! Also , the star spangled banner being sung before each race in this game with the moving and cheering crowd is an awesome experience with the jets flying overhead . Unfortunately , as great as the drama of the start of the race is in Nascar Sim Racing , it is sad that EA stopped here and did n't go all the way with the other things I mentioned . If EA and Papy could find a way to work together and make a Nascar game with Papy 's physics modeling and damage , there is no reason this game would n't deserve Racing Game of the Year Award . As it is currently , it does not . I heard they are using Nascar Sim Racing 's model for the upcoming Nascar 2007 for PS2 , Xbox and Xbox 360 . Ohhhh ! Buyers beware ! It may be great or it may be ugly .
 Hey ... I thought this game was a ripoff as soon as I tryed to set it up . I did get to race one full race but was the longest race ever ! I had to work my fingers to the bone to get it set to drive close to what I wanted . I did not care for it after all the time put into it.I have been a street racer most of my life and know how cars , trucks ect . react . Sim 2005 is not close to it at all . I do know the the 2003 nascar `` racing season '' is the game for realistic driving . I do have to tweek the car in the garage before every race and during sometimes ... but thats the kewl thing about A.I. ... weather changes ... ect . Best tip to drive it fast and hard is to add strength to the front and rear springs and shift the wieght to the front a bit ... and drive it like you stole it ! Like I had said ... I have driven many of cars on the road in all conditions ... sliding , spinning . . Fast . . you name it . I had to try it ... and did well ... Im still talking about it.But do not waste good bucks on 2005 or 2004 , 2003 thunders ... junk programs for serious drivers . . Nascar 2003 Racing Season is the best ! I use Microsoft and Momo wheels and like the older better as well . -LRB- microsoft sidewinder usb -RRB- I hope maybe we can race sometime in the future for Im always looking for a challenge . I have a LAN in my basement 12 PC ready to roll ... lol . . Im kinda serrious about what I do . LOTS OF FUN !!! Have a good day and fast finish ! Ronnie PS I was really glad to see there were others out there that found what I found about the `` New '' Race games . . Thanks man ... I know your true drivers !
 EA has proven they are BAD for gamers . Their exclusive licensing has done nothing but harm gaming for all gamers . This product is a prime example , its outrageously poor.The graphics look like something from 10 years ago . How can you release a game with graphics that look like a 2 year old drew them ? I recommend going to an importer and ordering the new GTR FIA GT instead , its heaven sent compared to this EA garbage.Keep it up EA , keep releasing the garbage games . . Best anyone can do is to just globally boycott EA games .
 Well I can say after having bought Nascar Racing 4 a 11/2 weeks ago , I have had more fun playing that game than any console EA Sports Nascar game or this Nascar Sim Racing . It is only too bad that EA has paid the drivers , teams , their own employees and biased reviewers to spread this propaganda of being the best Nascar franchise out there . Having played the Papyrus games , I totally disagree with EA on this . For one , Ryan Newman and every other driver is required to display the EA Logo on their race cars . Like I said , there paid off to say what they say . In car physics and damage modeling , Nascar Sim Racing clearly is behind the curve . You can run into somebody and they keep going while you fall back . There hardly are any spin-outs in this game by hitting other cars . You can spin yourself out many times , of course.Their cars seem to for the most part , except on a few occasions , be very little affected by your driving style . I love the fact in Papyrus Nascar Racing 4 game that any error on your part contributes to the consequence of several or many other cars . The `` Big One '' at Daytona and Talladega seems to be non-existent in Nascar Sim Racing also . Has EA ever watched any of the wrecks from the last 5-6 years at these tracks ? I sometimes wonder if EA has ever watched a full Nascar Race at all . Because if they did , they would see that Nascar is not only about the money , the drivers , the teams , The fans but also about realism . Nascar Fans desire a true replica of what they see on TV week in and week out and if privileged to do so , see the race in person . I do have to admit while I 've said some harsh things so far that will probably infuriate some ... now for the positive . The best feature this game has is upgradability of engine package . If you are computer savvy or techno , you can go into the game program files and then choose engine settings and modify gear ratios so you can run well over 200 mph ! My brother has figured out how to modify the game and even tweaked it once to where he was going around Talladega at over 270 mph ! If not computer savvy , you may want to leave this alone . But if you can figure out how to tweak the engines , this game gains 45 percent more value ! Also , the star spangled banner being sung before each race in this game with the moving and cheering crowd is an awesome experience with the jets flying overhead . Unfortunately , as great as the drama of the start of the race is in Nascar Sim Racing , it is sad that EA stopped here and did n't go all the way with the other things I mentioned . If EA and Papy could find a way to work together and make a Nascar game with Papy 's physics modeling and damage , there is no reason this game would n't deserve Racing Game of the Year Award . As it is currently , it does not . I heard they are using Nascar Sim Racing 's model for the upcoming Nascar 2007 for PS2 , Xbox and Xbox 360 . Ohhhh ! Buyers beware ! It may be great or it may be ugly .
 Once again the mighty EA flushes a license down the toilet . With no competition -LRB- ala Papy -RRB- , they can release feces on a stick and people will buy it . You abolutely CAN NOT race a full race due to the bugs in this game . The flag bug WILL bite you and bite you hard . A second patch was promised back in the Spring and here I am looking at 2006 next week with no patch in sight . Absolute garbage . Get an old copy of Papy 's Nascar Racing 2003 instead .
 I wish i would have read all these reviews before i bought this.There is alot of things i really do n't care for in the game , like navigation and audio setup . but i could deal with the restif only the flag rules were better . I 've been disqualified somany times for nothing . its hard to finish a race at all.and yes the computer drivers cars are glued to the track.you have to really drive hard into someone to wreck them.if you smash your car up good , race over . done . do n't get tolook at anything . even if you win the race , game over.no lap times , nothing.very very disappointed . like pap nascar 4 and 3 . but ca n't race4 online . guess i 'll have to load the 3 again .
 Although the graphics on this game are awsome . There is alot of problems with the game . I like to race the longer races at the shorter track , but i 'm never am able to finish because i will be black flagged under caution or something on those lines . You dont even have to do anything wrong and you 'll be black flagged and disqualified . It reminds me of a playstation/xbox game to much . the reason i get the computer racing games is because their always more realistic with chassis setips and driving style . I wish Serria or Papyrus could get the rights back because thats when the games was good . I will not buy anymore racing games for my PC if they are made by EA sports . EA sports games are great for playstaion but not PC . So if your looking for the latest Nascar racing game thats good . Then buy Nascar Racing 2002 or 2003 . They still have the realistic affects
 It is time for EA to step up to the plate and fix the bugs in this game . EA is more concerned on making Nascar 2006 than fixing this one . They advertised a product that does n't work with the gaming community and have cost a lot of people time and money . We `` ALL '' have been USED as Beta testers !!!! Do n't waste your money on this crap . I will not buy another game that has EA anywhere on it . In my opinion , they should refund everyone who has spent countless hours `` beta testing '' this game trying to figure out a way to get this crap game to work with flags without getting disqualified !! What a complete waste ... Mrkwhlr2 ... out !
 If your looking for a realistic racing sim , do n't buy this one . Even after the patch the computer cars often crash you and themselves durring yellow pace laps . The spotter gives misleading information about cars around you . This is an arcade style game in my opinion and not for the serious sim racer .
 product features are not in the pack . there is no car adaptor , neoprene case or earplugs . just a very lousy plastic cover . I have returned my purchase and claimed full refund . DONT buy this based on feature list .
 I purchased one of these AC adapters for my Super NES afew days ago after it 's original power supply burned out from wear-n-tear . Now that I have recieved and spent some time using it , I must say that I ca n't recommend it for other buyers . The main problem is it 's power output . Both this AC adapter and the SNES ' original AC adapter have the same amperage rating . However , this AC adapter only puts out nine volts while the original SNES power supply puts out ten volts . That one volt difference may not seem like a big deal , however , I have found that it is . I had the thing plugged in for only afew hours and when I unplugged it , it was very hot to the touch . The original SNES AC adapter could be left plugged in for days on end and it would n't even get warm . This AC adapter has a major over-heating problem ! At best , this AC adapter may only overheat and burn itself out . The worst case scenerio is that it may overload and burn out the SNES console . If you really need a replacement AC adapter for the SNES , I highly recommend you search for a Nintendo original . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 I paid for express shipping and it arrived 7 days later . It came broken in the package too .
 The scenarios in the game are pretty interesting but the near infinite bugs and pathetic frame rate make it impossible to begin to enjoy this craptacular waste of polycarbonate , aluminum and acrylic . Putting aside the technical problems , the game play is awful as well . The game has two difficulty levels with a normal game quickly degrading to constantly clicking yes or no on a helper box . On advanced , extreme micromanagement is required as you have to hire staff for every single oil well you put down . Do not buy this game at any price . In fact if you get this game for free do n't even bother playing it , it really is that bad .
 For those of you that remember the Road Rash days , and you are expecting this game to fulfill the void left in your soul when those games went away , keep looking.I recently rented this game , and was disappointed . While there is nothing physically wrong with the game , it is really not that much fun , when it all boils down.The deal is , the more `` recklessly '' you drive , the more points you get , and you use these points for upgrades . This would be a cool concept , except that it is not hard to drive reckless . The opening road course is super-wide , and you can easily avoid traffic if you want.On top of that , the actual `` race '' is secondary . It is n't hard to win one , and the courses are wholly uninteresting . There is little to no physical combat in the game.Lastly , I thought that at the very least , this game would be a nice Harley simulator . I was wrong - the bikes are more sporty looking that actual harleys , and the sounds are way off from actual bikes . The actual driving engine is also poor .
 Now maybe i should of realized that a even though i love Motorcycles , a game would be well ... You know boring , lame , and poorly made , all of the above is true for this game . I recommend that you not waste your money on this . .
 ... I bought it sometime ago and was annoyed to find I needed an internet connection to install it ... while I finally got it back out I went through the `` Steam '' nonsense but found I still needed to enter the registration code which is on the pamphlet but NOT on the box and NOT on the CD ... well , the pamphlet had managed to escape the box and , after spending an hour looking for it , I gave up ... so I took a simpler route and went online to a `` warez '' site and downloaded a steam-free , code installation-free hacked copy which worked fine ... I must say the the game is pretty decent -- better than `` Quake '' but not as good as `` Far Cry '' ... regardless , I 'm not paying money for another `` steam '' game .
 This could be a Terrific game , if there was no STEAM activation WDF . . thereare many companies that invest millions in software and they do n't getyou through Damn Sh ... activation thing.PERIOD .
 Great graphics engine , but it was poorly put to use . Levels are about as linear as in any game we have played in the last 5 years . Instead of being inventive , you need to guess what the level designer wanted you to do . Basically go straight ahead , picking off the enemies 1 at a time is a predictable manner . When you need to use the gravity you will know , as there is an obvious object put right in front of you.Graphics and monsters look really great . Keyboard controls are great.So much potential , so much wasted . Had to play only one session a week as it becomes extremely boring . Inside levels look a lot alike . You will get tired of running down the corridor , finding the one door of 12 that opens , shoot the predictable monster , open the next door , loop around above where you were , and finally out a door near where you started . Even the outdoor scenes have boulders and cliffs placed right along the path that the level designer dictated you should go . No attacking from a cliff , no kamikaze jumps into the enemy , no fun.Uneventful ending . The whole last 1/3 of the game is a waste of great graphics and playability is poor -LRB- 1 star -RRB- . Steam updates nearly every time you start the game , delaying your session by a minute or two even if you are n't playing online . The game does n't even start loading for 15-30 seconds even if there is n't an update . Just dumb.Great game engine , terrible game implementation .
 Just got around to this game yesterday -LRB- I play WoW alot -RRB- and the first time through the installation , I chose not to install Counter-Strike but the game failed to install around disk 4 . Going on-line and searching for the error which others encountered , I find you have to install Counter-Strike to avoid this glitch . Ok Valve missed one thing , I can forgive that.Now it has installed this Half-life 2 game and tries updating Steam since the version it installed from the disk must have been older - the updater goes into a loop around 28 % and then quits . Every time I try it the same thing happens . I searched on-line and found many people were having this problem with various solutions sporadically working for some and not for others . I tried everything I read and could think of but nothing worked . Several hours wasted after the game itself had already installed . I just could n't play it without an updated version of Steam . As mentioned before , search for this and you will find many have run into this same problem where Steam does not update correctly . I even uninstalled Steam and tried the Steam installer from Steam 's website which also fails between 28 % and 33 % completed . Steam has something on their website about AOL ACS getting in the way as of January 2007 . No solution to that though . When I contacted AOL , they were not aware of the problem so Valve has apparently not tried to resolve a known issue with them to satisfy their customers due to their unnecessary anti-piracy Steam software . Just alienate all AOL users . Anyway the game might be good but I can not tell because Steam will not update properly so this game is junk to me and deserves the lowest rating I can give it -LRB- yea I know yours may work so do n't whine to me Steam fanboy cheerleader - this is my experience and my rating and it deserves it -RRB- .
 I have no idea how the game is because I bought it from an Amazon marketplace seller and now the `` Steam '' anti-piracy protection system wo n't let me play it.I went to the Steam support pages like I was told to , and I read this : '' ... you must have a copy of your purchase receipt from within the last 90 days to have the CD Key moved to your account . `` We do not accept receipts from online auction websites or used software vendors . If you do not provide a purchase receipt , Valve will not be able to transfer the CD Key . `` I ca n't believe that anyone accepts this as a reasonable way to sell consumers a game in a box , but I guess they do!I read a thread on some Half-Life 2 forum where the users were telling a guy not to bother Valve , the software creators , with questions about their policy , but rather just to return his used game to whoever he bought it from.Unbelievable!From what I hear , maybe if I send the right person at Valve an actual photo of my box , and wait two months , I might be allowed to play . However , that 's certainly not what the text on the Steam support page says.If this is really the accepted practice regarding used copies of Half-Life 2 , then what is Amazon doing letting their marketplace sellers sell these used copies?Unbelievable ! How much research is one supposed to do when buying a game ?
 I just bought this game , used from an Amazon seller . My advise is if you 're considering doing the same thing , DO N'T . It 's a Steam game . And as such the cd key has already been activated on Steam . It is not transferable . In my case the `` key '' I got was hand scribbled on one of the cd sleeves and was a non functional number . So now what I have are five , tiny frisbees , or if you prefer , coasters . Their too light to be paper weights . Needless to say the seller is going to get a negative review . I just thought that this in info . you can use .
 I will not lie . I purchased Half-Life2 many years ago and the game was * very * enjoyable . The problem is , in order to play it , you have to use this program called Steam . Steam is an attack on consumers ' rights to control and access the content we pay for . Allow me to explain why this is.I purchased a game and I want to play it online at my buddy Joe 's server . No problem , right ? I can just load up the game , type in Joe 's IP address and have fun ... or not . This program Steam requires you to contact the game publisher 's server to even start the game , and it is too busy to accommodate the traffic . There is an `` offline mode '' , but it frequently fails to work , delivering cryptic error messages.So , we have a completely unnecessary , slow , advertisement-infested piece of software preventing us from using our game we rightfully paid for.This is why you should not buy Half-life 2 -LRB- or any other game that makes use of Steam -RRB- . By purchasing these games , you are allowing a third party to control you and dictate when you can play your game .
 The installation process is really hard even if you have a decent Internet Conection , so much troubles for a game ! Don get this wrong , its a very very good and intelligent game , even better than others recently release , but what it 's the meaning of buying a DVD disc if you have to download the game from a server on the internet . . thats make no sense . It 's a shame !
 According to the box the system requirements are as follows :1.2 GHz processor256MB RAMDirectX 7 Capable graphics cardWindows 2000/XP/ME / 98Bearing in mind that this game was released in 2004 , making it six years old at the time of this writing . Despite that , the game is unplayable on a gaming rig put together last year
 Played this when it first came out and decided pay it again-dealing with Steam is preventing me from playing the game just like last time , it took days to get a response.Back in the basement with this game I will never buy a product that has anything to do with Steam
 Was very disappointed to find that this game requires an internet connection to even install it.An internet-basef program , Steam , is used to verify whether it is a legitimate copy and not pirated . My game computer , unfortunately , is not connected to the internet .
 I do n't know how great this game is . I get halted by steam because I bought a used game . According to VALVE used games are INVALID.AMAZON PLEASE PULL ALL USED SALES . They will not work .
 This game has first-class graphics but the gameplay is flawed in many places . First of all
 I will never buy a valve product ever again . To play this game you have to let steam take over your computer . This is a singleplayer game also . And i got to play it twice in a week only because steam was having problems with logins . Never again .
 You MUST have an Internet connection to play . If anybody got hold of your CD key number before you , you will never be able to play the game , and Valve will NOT help you if you bought the game on eBay . I never thought I 'd say this , but Valve is worse than Microsoft .
 I spent hours , ... hours trying to acivate this game , shutting of software , virus control , firewalls deleting programs , all to no avail . could not activate the game . What a drag , I keep reading that the game is great , but this corporate , headless , inconsiderate , inhuman , non responsive entity wont let me play the game . so the game is probably good if you could activate , but good luck if you buy a used game . Beware if you buy a used game . The first owners have probably pirated the game and you are going to be stuck with a inoperable piece of software . Good luck !
 I have to admit , I am utterly shocked and confounded by all of the positive reviews this game has gotten . It is one of the most highly-rated games on GameSpot 's and IGN 's websites , as well as many other places . It 's called one of the best games ever made , and possibly the best FPS ever made . But I 'm afraid I have to vehemently disagree with that opinion.Before I talk about the game itself , let me just say this about the Steam engine
 I 'm not sure how this game won `` Game of the Year '' but it 's no where near in my opinion . First off ... Steam . It 's insufferable . To play a single player game I * MUST * run something that basically takes over my computer and inundates me with advertising for Valve 's new games !?! Silly , and SLOW !! Once you are actually playing it 's fine , but getting there takes 3 minutes or more . Just to exit takes more than a minute . Steam lingers and is slow to `` release '' your computer from it 's clutches.The game itself runs well . The engine runs smooth even with my semi-old set-up . The levels get tedious quickly . Most of the game is spent running at breakneck speed trying to avoid enemies galore . On occasion you 'll puzzle out of few contrived ways to get over a wall or through a barrier . The levels were fine 5 years ago in Half Life 1 , but I 'm sorry to say we 've seen it all before by now.I 've been playing games since the first computer came out . We 've come a long way from Wolfenstein 3-D , but you would n't know it playing this game . Someone else put it very well that the levels are VERY linear . The GTA series are certainly not for kids , but the structure of the game makes it 100 times more fun than this ! I 'm sad that I uninstalled Far Cry to put this on because it 's an inferior game . -LRB- Level wise -RRB- There are lots of better ways to spend your time and money these days . This game is got by on it 's reputation from Half Life 1 .
 To play this game , you have to logon to Steam , valve 's online download system . Its buggy , difficult to configure , and crashes . If you ca n't get it to work , you do n't get to play , which is where I am . I really wish I had n't bought this game . So far , its money completely wasted . Do not buy this game , unless you enjoy configuring your router , firewall , etc.update
 As far as enjoying this game , I have to give it a one star as I find it not very fun . Overall though , I will give it two stars because the graphics are okay and because it has a very unique and neat weapon called the anti gravity gun and I enjoy the magnum and shotgun but wish there was more ammo available for these . I like to hunt in these games . I like to kill everything -LRB- with a shotgun as much as possible -RRB- . I like to roam about doing this as well.When I play a game , I really like an interactive adventure and a challenge . I find neither of those in this game . The game is soooooo linear its insulting . I have no ability to feel as a working part of the game though I am obviously the main focus and character . All I can do is shoot the mobs , walk along the given plank , wire or long hallway and on to the next set of mobs . I ca n't choose this door over that one or explore left instead of right etc. . Its only what is exactly preplanned for me that I can choose to do.Where are the real secrets and puzzles ? What is offered is so forward that they might as well not even be there because you have to do them and they are no challenge to find and figure out . They are just there and in going through the motions there is no sense of accomplishment , no feeling of achieving something extra.I know many FPS games are like this but not all and this one leads me to turning the game off and finding something to read for my evening enjoyment . After a few days I give it another try for a few hours and shut it down for the week again . The atmosphere is practically colorless . The characters are boring . I also hate the fact that there is a human in front of me , I have a gun yet I ca n't shoot it , no matter what consequence the game can give me if it actually allowed me to explore this enviroment . Give me a death or a game over but dammit , let me shoot the guy whose trying to help me if I want . I love to interact in unpredictable ways with my enviroment to see what can and will happen . If I have to follow along a purely predestined path of someone else 's story then make it a good intriguing story such as Silent Hill or I might as well just read a book because the story line in Half Life 2 is boring and totally sucks . I know I did n't buy the game for the story but for the adventure and its like an old style arcade game as far as the prescripted scenes , mobs and AI that have to all be encountered in a precise , defined order and manner . There is no adventure that you can feel as if you are taking a part within.I started the game picking up things and throwing them in peoples ' faces and I 'd get a couple of boring replies but nothing more . Beat me to death or something . Heck , even the guards would n't hurt me let alone beat me to death for screwing with them . It just was n't fun and on I go to find another game that will capture my attention and allow me to screw around with my fictitious world.Like I said , just read a book instead . -LRB- oh and btw , I had no trouble with Steam and I also had no problems with the game 's performance even though I have an avg system at best . I thought I 'd add that bit seeing that alot of reviews focuses on performance and problems with Steam . I am not real fond of having to play a single player online and through Steam though . -RRB-
 The game i bought didnt work at all but when i bought a new one it was a fun game . So the game is good but i had to buy it twice casue this one didnt work at all buy it from somewhere else .
 Bought the game a few years ago and it was a blast . Well a few email address changes later and a couple of system rebuilds , I decide to install the game again and play it . But lo and behold , Steam is there asking for forgotten information . And even if the information was n't forgotten completely , access to old email accounts does n't work . So here I sit , with my purchased game , including the cd key , and I am unable to play this game.I see no reason why any company has to put such extreme measures on controlling access to a game with little to no way of recovering necessary information necessary to play it . Bah
 I am seriously thinking about referring this issue to a group of lawyer friends . I am in the technology profession , and I 've spent hours trying to get this game to run . And it looks like I am not the only one . Of course , we ca n't get a refund . How can any company think it 's ok when so many folks are unable to use their product , offer little in the way of support , and wo n't give a refund . Unbelievable ...
 Valve has the perfect con going . They charge you forty bucks to buy a game that you ca n't play UNLESS you use steam to verify that you actually bought it but since STEAM may make your computer crash or freeze your system so you ca n't actually play the game and since you opened the box you ca n't return it to the the store and get your money back . INTELLECTUAL COPYRIGHT FASCISM has led to this state of affairs where crooks like VALVE can sell you products that do n't work and YOU do n't have the right to get your money back . Boycott VALVE and do n't ever download games -LRB- from any company -RRB- so that we do n't get to a future where STEAM is the only way to play games at all . That is the future these INTELLECTUAL COPYRIGHT HOLDER FASCISTS are drooling over . Do n't give it to them .
 But after spending about 12 hours trying to get my computer to run it I 'm pretty sure HL2 will gather dust on one of my shelves . Even after folowing the paper and website directions , I could not get my computer to even run the disk . Steams website runs you all over the place with download links that do n't work or are linked to nothing . I understand that Valve is trying to prevent piracy , but it should not be this difficult to get a brand new game to work . I had an easier time helping a friend put together an ultra-light airplane kit than trying to get HL2 to run . Here 's my advice for anyone thinking of buying HL21 . Be willing to spend hours at Steams website configuring your computer to run HL2 .2 . Make sure you will not be too upset about blowing $ 20 on a game you may never play.The people at Valve had to be aware that they were releasing a game that many of their customers would never be able to play because of all the technical problems . Shame on you guys !
 Simply put
 There is no reason to purchase this game when so many other worthwhile games make better investments.The graphics are dated . Not horrible but not exciting.The gameplay is weak . Awkward control issues in 3rd person mode.The game is TOO EASY ! Enemy AI is barebones , plus your TOO STRONG !!! Your health bar barely drops unless you stand still and let enemies tear into you . You can get through the entire game barely taking a dent if you get good with head shots!This game is so easy to defeat - that you can cruise through most of the game by running up to each enemy and pressing the `` quick kill '' button , you 'll see a brief animation of the enemy in question being shot , being stabbed , or having his neck broken . Sure , you 'll take a few shots while you run up to each bad guy , but since you can just interrogate a couple of guys to get that health back , you 're rarely in need of health on the game 's normal difficulty setting . The harder setting limits your ability to do this - but it is still too easy!The Punisher can go into `` slaughter mode , '' which slows the game down a bit -LRB- can anyone say BULLETTIME rip off ? -RRB- . While in it , you 'll regain some of your health and drop your guns in favor of a never-ending supply of knives that you can throw into the faces of enemies with stunning accuracy . Again , too easy !!! You can grab any enemy for use as a human shield . Though doing this slows down your movement so much that it 's NOT very useful.BOTTOMLINE
 my game -LRB- the punisher -RRB- would load to my computer but when it got to about 98 % loaded it would shut down and i wouldnt be ableto play it
 First of all I 'd like to specify that I really like stealthy-action-thinking type games . I 'm a big fan of the Deus-Ex series especially , and I also really liked the Thief-game series . I had high hopes for this game , but I was deeply disappointed when I played it.I know the game tries to be realistic , but this game like other tom clancy games that I 've played is so anal . It 's hard to enjoy the game , when you have to put so much time sneaking around and doing just the exact right thing at the exact time in order to make a stealthy kill or knock out.I do n't know about everyone else but I like to play games for entertainment , and this game just felt like it had no `` fun '' in it at all . It 's way to serious , it takes so much time to be good at the game , and I have no idea why some one would give so much time up for a game . I wish I could be happy with crouching around in the shadows for hours on end just to complete a mission , but honestly it gets super boring really fast.I played both of the splinter games in this pack , and I would say think twice before you get it . The other reviews miss led me , and I wasted my money and time on this game.I would highly suggest the first deus ex game to anyone contemplating buying this game . Deus Ex has a amazing plot with great characters , and is way more entertaining . Also try out the Thief series ...
 I play alot of FPS games and after reading reviews on a few geek sites I decided to bite and buy this thing . I do n't know if mine was faulty or what but I hated it . With all acceleration turned off it still had some weird acceleration thing going on . Its almost as if you could fling the cursor around the screen . In games you could do a 360 with a little flick of the wrist . The left click button works about % 75 of the time ... . In a FPS game this means % 25 more of you dying . This thing is awkward to hold . The big flappy rubber buttons seemed kind of cheap and bouncy ... they just do n't click right . I modify all the triggers on my firearms so I know exactly when they are going to fire , a very definate and predictable click . I also modified my older optical mouses ' buttons to have a solid definate click . I would take the actual electronic button from microsoft mouses -LRB- because they were more solid and had a tight defined click -RRB- and solder them into the logitechs . I cracked this mouse open to see if I could do the same and found corner piece of the circuit board that had broken off floating around in there . Luckily it did n't take any of the actual circuit with it when it broke . The buttons were bigger than the microsoft buttons so I could n't replace them . The tabs under the button pads also seemed weak and flexible . Lightweight is good , but this thing is TOO lightweight.This things contruction does n't justify the price in my opinion . I honestly could not tell the difference in accuracy between this and my old MX300 , other than the buttons on the MX300 worked and had a solid click after I modified them .
 I purchased this game after playing the far superior Freedom Force , and while that game runs rings around this one , Hero X is still entertaining in a retro way . Unfortunately , the game is n't very stable , even on a state of the art machine , and I frequently encountered problems with crashes , scrambled backrounds , and saved games that failed to load . That said , when the game did work , it was fun , if repetitive . Not much of a challenge . For real superheroic bang for your buck , hunt down Freedom Force instead .
 I played Freedom Force -LRB- FF -RRB- , and then bought this game thinking that would be a good continuation for FF , but after a couple minutes playing , I hated myself for spending money in a cheap pourly made copy of Fredom Force.If you want to really have fun playing super heroes game , I think you should buy FF , much better than Hero X and worth every penny !
 The title says it all . I 've not bought Freedom Force , but I hear good things so it must be better than this piece of garbage
 This is a truly awful game . 67 professional players is a ridiculous lie . There are , in fact , NO pros in this game . They are simply made-up players with names like Fernando Silva , and Alexei Dumasevitch . Indeed , you will find no Sampras , Agassi , Roddick , Hewitt , or any of your favorites . The lighting in this game is also horrendous . In the noon and night options you can see the ball okay at best , but in the afternoon option , you simply can not see the ball . The game modes are limited . You can only choose from Exhibition and Tennis Masters Series . There are no Practice modes or Minigames . I am a huge tennis fan , and was looking forward to this game . It is very dissapointing . Please , save your money !
 Since there are not many tennis games for PC , I said , what the hell . I wasted $ 10 . The game is unexciting , and bland . There are also no real-life player.There is no real challenge to serving . I hit my serve at max speed the first time I ever served ! Come on !! However , there is a huge challenge for actually succeeding in a volley or half volley.I game the game a shot and I really did n't like it . Look else where for a tennis game !!
 the graphics are pretty cool and the actual gameplay is pretty interesting , until you figure out how to win . if you are a singles player , no matter who you play as and against , you just need to serve the slow spin serve , then come to the net and volley , and voila ! you won the point . this is pretty weak and unrealistic . also the players are imaginary ones and no real ones . you ca n't even build your own player .
 I am still waiting to receive it .
 I do n't like this game . I thought that it would be good because all of the other Army Men are good , But I was disappointed . You can not battle the other person . On two player mode , both people work together towards the same goal on a split screen . It is very annoying . I do n't recommend this game .
 When I saw this title in the video store , it looked interesting , and since it was on sale , I decided to buy it . I should have rented it and saved my money.My first game of the Army Men series was Sarge 's Heroes , and although the control was difficult and the gameplay a little easy , I found myself amused at seeing the world from the perspective of a two-inch tall plastic soldier , where a bathtub looks like a huge lake and a backyard flowerbed is a veritable forest . These were some of the things that made the game fun.All of this is lacking in this game , where your view is exclusively that of looking down at yourself from a 3/4 angled view . In this manner , you can only see enemies when you 're nearly on top of them and you 're forced to blast them . There are numerous powerups everywhere and the game is so unchallenging , that within the first week I had owned it , I had defeated it . Oh , and by the way , I 'm NOT a serious gamer and only play for fun , that 's how poorly developed this game is.Rent this title , defeat it , and buy something more challenging .
 This game -LSB- lacks -RSB- . You just fly around and blow stuff up , and shoot little plastic men . A severe disapointment in the army men series , espesially after Sarges Heroes . I give it an F - just for trying .
 When i saw this game i thought it would be cool . it was n't . the graphics were bad , i beat it the day i got it , and the multiplayer is horrible because you ca n't kill eachother . DONT BUY THIS GAME !!!!! PLEASE !!!!
 The controls are alkward , the graphics are blocky ... It 's obvious 3DO rushed this out . And that 's coming from a big Army Men fan !
 Now that my son has broken our 2nd case in less than 2 months . I certainly see the need to have the Ninetendo DS in a case , but not this one . The clear plastic top breaks off very easily . We 're trying another brand .
 I 'm not happy with this case . Yes the grips are nice if you like holding an xBox controller but there is no access to the power button . If you play a lot of stylus games than it just makes the DS heavier , rather than easier to hold . The case does n't seem to be very protective either .
 I did n't see the `` colors may vary '' blurb , and I definitely did n't know that one of the colors was pink . I received the pink one , which did not make me very happy . I 'm returning this and buying one from an actual store .
 Received a Pink Bag for a boy ... Color was not mentioned in description so I assumed it would match the picture . Called to return and customer service was very helpful with the return .
 My mistake for not reading the reviews before I ordered . Purchased for my son , and SUPRISE !!! It was pink . Now I have to return the product . Very inconvienent.Amazon , you really should update the pics .
 I am an older Female Nintendo DS Lite Game Player -LRB- Brain Age etc. -RRB- but I DO N'T LIKE PINK ! I wanted what was advertised a BLACK -LRB- which was shown -RRB- or a GRAY -LRB- which was also shown -RRB- Naki G-Pack Nintendo DS Lite case . My children talked me in buying the game -LRB- s -RRB- but at 50 + I feel a little silly walking around with a PINK case . I never liked PINK when I was 10 years old ! The only good thing about it is it will STAND OUT IN A CROWD so I should n't lose it ! But at 50 + I DO N'T want to stand out with a PINK case that looks like a lunch box . Hey I 'm a big girl ! And the only other good thing about this is that I am a girl , I mean a woman . But I ca n't stand PINK !
 the title did not mention a specific color neither did the photos so you would easily assume its in dark color , and i bought it but when i got the item it was in PINK !!! so i had to return my item and even got charge 4bucks than giving me a full refund . = -LRB-
 Just as the previous reviewer said , I too ordered this organizer -LRB- for my son -RRB- and instead I received a pink and white organizer . This will NOT work for a boy . Nowhere in this listing does it say ` pink ' . It does n't even give you an option to choose a color . Disappointed ...
 Like several other customers , I purchased this for my son and received a white and pale pink case , rather than the black case pictured . It seems this is the only one Amazon is shipping lately , so buyer beware !
 This organizer arrived today ... looks like it would hold my DSS and games just fine but it is lite pink , not black like the picture . I am returning it due to the color .
 When I ordered this case it showed a black case online . When it came in the mail it was pink/white . I ordered it as a gift for a boy . . how disappointing !!! If the company shows something as ` black ' how can they ship another color ? I will never order from this company again .
 This was very misleading because they show a picture of a black one and no where on the order does it state that the color can very . I ordered what I thought was 2 black organizers for my twin boys and got 1 black and 1 pink I wrote to complain and they assured me they would send me another black one and then I could return the pink one . When I received the second shipment it also contained a pink one . So since I did n't have time to keep getting and returning packages I had to return all three of them and now I have to go to the store to get them .
 As many others have said , do n't buy it if you have a boy . I ordered it for my nine year old son , and it is PINK ... and nowhere does it say that colour is an option . Wish I had read the reviews , I live overseas and ca n't return it ... what a disappointment .
 The case I received is very nice but I purchased it for my son and as I said in the title ... it is pink : -LRB-
 I have atempted to contact the sellar 4 times so far no responce other then attomated saying thell reach me within 24hrs ! I advice no one to purchance any of the products as they temp to send the items you didnt order and then not respond to attemp to correct there mistake!So find a different company that might actually value you as a customer and at least attemp to contact you when you have a issue i will be requesting a refund !
 it was very hard to work also it breaks easy and you get like only 2 minutes 2 recordcord things and the special features are terrible and special effects are just messed up .
 even if you think its just a camera with choppy images its the perfect toy for a kid . you can add tons of special effects to make it look realistic . you can even learn what JPEG are .
 Okay so i bought it . And then when i looked on the back it said it worked for Windows XP . So i thought yeah , it will work on our computer ! So i brought it home and i put the batteries in . While i was putting them in i noticed that the back part where you put them in was not very durable very flimsy . But i thought if it was fun who cares about the back part where you put in the batteries . So then i filmed a little bit and decided to install the editing software unto our computer . Well i tryed and tryed and tryed my older brother -LRB- who knows alot about electronics -RRB- tryed and it did n't work on XP , which is false advirtising because it simply stated on the back that it should work great for XP . And then we could n't even get the camera part to work . It made very annoying little sounds , and the picture was very fuzzy and small . If i were you i would not by this product .
 I looked at this camera , and I thought is was cool , until i read about it . When I found out it recored for 4 minutes at a time , i thought who would want to spend 100 dollars on something that only records 4 minutes at a time ?
 Ca n't believe you can still buy this new . I bought mine 8 years ago , and it was $ 40 then . After a while it went up to $ 100 ... now $ 150 . What the heck ? It had some neat features ... for eight years ago . But not now . I would n't pay $ 10 for this thing . Quality is horrible , and it only records a small amount at a time . You can get a 14 Megapixel digital camera for this price .
 Camera wo n't even turn on !!!! playing with the stock image effectswas fun for 2 min for my 5 and 8 year olds
 So I ordered one of these and I could n't wait to play with it . After I got it I started to play with it . The memory is hardly TWO MINUTES . This is only for if your making short movies . Forget about what other people say . Just remember your reading a review from a guy who has this toy . If your not buy something else!P.S . If you buy it your in for a nightmare .
 I bought this for my 9 yr old son and 12 year old daughter . What a total waste of money . Not only is the image quality poor , but the associated editing program is designed for preschoolers . I installed the software on a new Dell P4 desktop with 1GB RAM , so I can eliminate the PC as a suspected source of misery.I finally gave in and let them use my digital camcorder . I can not believe the junk they make these days .
 So I ordered one of these and I could n't wait to play with it . After I got it I started to play with it . The memory is hardly TWO MINUTES . This is only for if your making short movies . If your not buy something else !
 Well I have this item on my Christmas list but I am having second thoughts on it . I have read some of the reviews and some say that this product is great and they love it . Yet others say it is a waste of money and it takes up alot of room on your computer . So I am not sure about wanting it . I know that you can only take 4 minutes of video and that isnt very much . Anyway , I would greatly appricate some imput from some people that have this product . Thanks .
 To all the people who bought this
 my parents were goin to by me the digital blue . but they said I had to research on it . I found out it only records 4 minutes before you have to download the footage to the computer . who is really going run back fourth . CHEAP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! TERRIBLE !!!!!!!!!!!!
 I got this thinking I would get a good digital camera , but the quality is low and only half of the features work very well . The battery legnth is only about 2 hours of filming . And the waystation is very unresponsive.The software is nothing you could n't get for free online . My recominidation would be to go and buy a webcam instead .
 I spent a years worth of allowance on this , and was totally disapointed . The software took up half the space o my computer . The pictures would n't load , or when they did , they took hours -LRB- literally -RRB- . My computer part was faulty , and would n't let me do certain things . I think it might of been just the one I got , but ... I do n't know . The bottom line is
 After waiting for this game to come out , my daughter finished it in less than 2 hours . What a waste of $ 30 !
 Always thought a sub game would/could be very interesting but this has changed my mind . Screen navigation is clunky and repetitive not to mention a little complicated -LRB- now I know why there are so many people on the bridge of a submarine - one person ca n't do it all -RRB- . Mastering the basics takes so much time that the challenge of actual war campaigns is totally out of reach . Not recommended unless you have 20 or so hours of free time each day , and even then I would n't find it an exciting use of my leisure time .
 The game is extremely complicated and takes the fun out of using it . This will take so long to master , only people with a ton of patience , not to mention hours and hours of free time , will enjoy it . Thumbs down for me ... I was just looking for fun when I bought this , not a technical lesson in submarine sonar deployments !
 This game should be a part of the basic training to submarine new members . It has so much details that had spoilt the fun of the game . To shoot a single target , you will have to navigate through three or four windows and make estimations and press dozens of buttons to get an idea wbout where is your target and what is its exact type . So boring that I could n't play it more than 1 hour , only listening to lectures about sonar systems !
 This is the worst game ever made . Maybe it 's not as bad for a console system but for a computer , I can think of hundreds of things I would 've rather spent my money on . Like dinner , for one .
 I think this game tried to profit from the GTA bandwagon but it fails miserably . The only saving grace for me is its ability to have numerous characters on screen . No surprise there , they are so low-res . The camera will make you want to bang repeatedly your head on the screen so make yourself a favor and if you see this game or somebody want to give it to you
 This game was extremely frustrating . On either of my PCs -LRB- both fairly modern and running XP -RRB- , graphic elements in the game just randomly would n't get drawn . It 's possible the game got patched at some point -LRB- and it 's possible some versions of the game sold in stores already ARE patched and would work -RRB- , but EA has n't bothered to archive their patches for older games . In any event , I found it was very difficult to play in its current condition on modern hardware.Inexcusable considering 99 % of games run just fine on XP , and Simcity 3000 is n't even doing anything special from a technological standpoint.Avoid . Besides , you know EA will just crank out another one within a few years ...
 This game was hard to load and hard to understand . The instructions were almost useless . I could not get past the first level and still do not know much about options and what to expect . Also the game is boring and level one is so difficult -LRB- if I was even doing it right -RRB- that I wondered if there was something wrong with the game . I tried for a couple months on and off to play this game and never did have even a small success . I would give this game to an enemy if I had one ! This game is awful !!
 The advertising page lists Windows XP as one of the platforms that this can run on . However , when I got the product it listed Windows 95 , 98 , 2000 or ME . NT is not supported . A user on XP Home Edition in group Limited can not run this game .
 iMac OS 9.2 256K real RAM . Have been using system 2 years , no problems.This game is a ` port ' . I found parts of the ` games ' which will not run on my Mac . Other parts simply cause crashes.Although advertised as a ` Mac ' playable game I can not recommend it for such.Three kids -LSB- 12 - 14 yo -RSB- installed on Win XP home . Report games ` boring ' and unchallenging .
 very dissappointed . The product label included games I was paying for and the actual dvd did not include them . Slide tiles , Majohn were not , contacted the seller with no response . Booo
 I have purchased all the Hoyle Collections -LRB- Board Games , Card Games , Word Games , Casino -RRB- ; and have found all of them to be superb ... Have always said that Hoyle makes the best games . However , Puzzle Games falls far short of their usual efforts . Most games are boring , or a repetition of other packages -LRB- Anagrams , Crosswords , Hangman , Mahjonng -RRB- . Not their best effort ; and not what I was expecting from Hoyle .
 Nintendo relesed info about a new counsle `` NINTENDO DS '' coming out end of Q4 . it will be backward compatable with gba games but it will be much better . it has two screens one touch sensetive with better graphics than N64 not to mention built in wireless capabilitys . So if you can wait ! It wont be the best much longer . if you get this it will go down in popularaty and value not to menton be out of date real soon . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Im Getting This Later In The Week . I Was Thinking Of Getting The Ds But What Is The Point At Having Kinda The Same Thing For The Same Price As Playstation 2 . Who CAres If It Has 2 Screens . Sp Is Older And Has Better Games Like Star Wars . Im Looking To Get The Orange/Green , Flame Or Blue . Also Looking To Get Apprentice Of The Force.Overall What I Saw From My Friends Its A Handy Little Console On The Go . Will Write My Regular Review Fri Nite , SAT , or Sun My Ratings Are Like That Cause I Never Played It
 FORGET GAME BOY ! THERE 'S A MUCH BETTER SYSTEM COMING OUT THIS MONTH ! THAT CAN DO BETTER THAN PLAYSTATION GRAPHICS -LRB- USING A GRAPHIC CHIP MADE BY THE CREATORS OF RADEON 9700 AND 9800 -RRB- , DO MPEG4 VIDEO , DISPLAY JPEG AND PLAY YOUR MP3s , BLUETOOTH , CAN BE USED AS A POWERFUL PALM MEANING WORD-PROCESS , SPREADSHEET AND SO MUCH MORE , FEATURES A MMC/SD AND A SD/SDIO SLOT AS WELL AS A USB PORT , ALLOW YOU TO USE THE INTERNET , EMAIL , ETC. . CAN VIBRATE WITH GAMEPLAY , CAN USE EMULATORS GIVING YOU ACCESS TO HUNDREDS OF CLASSIC SNES AND GENESIS GAMES -LRB- WHICH NO OTHER SYSTEM CAN DO -RRB- HAS A BIGGER THAN GBA : SP SCREEN ALREADY BACKLIT AND HAS NEVERWINTER NIGHTS AND TONY HAWK PRO SKATER 4 AS LAUNCH TITLES ! IT 'S CALLED TAPWAVE ZODIAC ! CHECK IT OUT ! http / / : www.tapwave.com -LRB- COPY , PASTE IT TO YOUR ADDRESS SPACE -RRB- I THINK IT 'S ABOUT TIME NINTENDO GOT SOME REAL COMPETITION IN THE HANDHELD DEPARTMENT AND THIS LOOKS LIKE A UNIT WORTH GIVING A CHANCE AND THE ONLY WAY IT CAN STICK AROUND IS IF YOU GIVE IT SUPPORT ! IT 'S NOWHERE NEAR AS SLOPPY AS N-GAGE , IT HAS SHOULDER PADS , IT HAS A SCREEN THAT 'S HORIZONTAL AND ABOUT TWICE IT 'S SIZE , IT CAN DO BETTER GRAPHICS AND SOUND AND IT DOES N'T TRY TO HAVE YOU HOLD A TACO-SHAPE MOBILE PHONE TO YOUR HEAD LIKE AN IDIOT !
 Description said &#34; like new &#34; but when I got it it was extremely dirty and the screen had permenant spots on it
 I understand this was going to be a used item , but nowhere did it say that it was going to be dirty , beat up beyond repair , or anything else that my item is.It looks as if the previous owner took a pen and carved into it everywhere . Even around the buttons it is carved , so even a face plate for the device wouldnt cover it up.I 'll be returning this item and buying one from a different seller in hopes for a better item.Extremely disappointed.Oh and it says for the description it comes with 6 games and a charger ??? I didnt receive anything but the gameboy itself . False advertisting .
 I bought this game today , spent about an hour trying to get it installed , then could n't even get it to run . After finally getting it to work I played for about 10 minutes and was so bored I quit . The graphics are horrible compared to games out there now -LRB- ie . myst , riven , so on -RRB- , and the mouse movement was Way to fast . You use the mouse to turn , but just slightly moving the mouse over to one side or the other I was doing circles so fast my head was spinning . And there is no way to adjust it , that I have found . The music was bland , and it just did n't appeal to me in any way . Thank God I only paid -LSB- a small amount of money -RSB- for this game , and it was n't even worth that . Perhaps if someone likes older games with not so great graphics they would like this game , but I think most people will find it a great disappointment .
 The first problem is getting it loaded . You can see the Dreamcatcher website for how to get past the little EULA bar . Once I got it loaded , and tried to play , it refused to save my game . Unlike Beyond Atlantis , you can be injured or killed , ending the game . So if you ca n't save , guess what . Also , I discovered that clicking on items in your inventory can simply close the game ! I am patiently waiting for an answer from Dreamcatcher.The graphics are gorgeous , and not so pixelated as Atlantis , but the people look even more like gumbys than they did in that game . Also , heavy cockney accents from people in Pompeii ??!! Aside from the lousy voice acting , the soundtrack was wonderful ! Beautiful mood music ! -LRB- Some of the characters sounded so much alike , and they do n't move their mouths , you ca n't tell who 's talking . Be sure to play with subtitles on ! -RRB- The puzzles are typical , I suppose , from Dreamcatcher . Some make sense , others do not . -LRB- The first real puzzle is timed , and with slow responses from the mouse , you will find it hard to complete , even after you figure out what to do . -RRB- ... What is really great about the game , very innovative , and maybe worth buying it , is the fact that you can go through the buildings in the `` visit '' mode , and just look at everything without playing ! Since it is historically accurate , and made with the cooperation of The Pompeii Museum , it is quite interesting to just wander through the reconstruction of the city , and marvel at the level of their civilization . -LRB- A pop up street map is even available ! -RRB- I 'm giving it two stars for the tour feature ... the game rates nothing !
 Totally interested in the story of Pompeii , I bought this game with high expectations . I had an easy time installing it and an easy time running it but from then on , things got a little confusing.The plot of the game revolves around Adrian , a British archaeologist cursed by the goddess Ishtar -LRB- we know her best as Aphrodite -RRB- and sent back to Pompeii and given four days to find his love , Sophia , and leave the city . Yep , you 've got four days to make Sophia fall in love with you and leave with you before Mt. Vesuvius goes kaphooey . -LRB- Is it really possible to fall in love with someone in just four days ? No wonder divorce rate is so high ! -RRB- The plot sounds interesting at first , but in actuality this game is a bit tedious . The puzzles are n't hard but some are timed , and death can come instantly . -LRB- So save often -RRB- And you can easily get lost in Pompeii -LRB- which is so vaccant in this game you 'd think everybody already fled -RRB- because the streets and buildings look so much alike . There is a pop-up map , but it does n't have a compass.Another quirk in this game deals with the characters . Their lips do n't move when they talk . -LRB- I guess the Pompeiians were great ventrilloquists -RRB- And almost all the characters speak with thick British accents . Oddly , the only characters who ARE British -LRB- Adrian and Sophia -RRB- have American accents ! ... But the CD has one great feature that makes it worth buying
 The puzzles did n't seem to mean anything with respect to the alleged story line and some of them solved themselves if you happened to stumble to the right place . There was n't really anything to solve if you wandered around enough.The interface was lame , no compass of any kind so you could ' t tell which direction you were facing . I did n't even bother to finish the game
 I was so excited that I had recieved this game . After I installed it I started to play the game but I could n't go anywhere . I was in the same room and I had no way to get out . I looked into the little booklet that the game came with . There was nothing in the TimeScapes guide telling me what to do and how to get out of the area . All I was able to do for an hour and a half was go around in a circle . I was not able to get out of the room where I had come from . There were doors but I could n't get into them.I think this game could be fun if i knew how to play it . The guide did n't help so if you would n't mind e-mailing me if you know what to do in the game at
 In `` Egypt 1156 B.C. - Tomb of the Pharaoh '' you play the role of Ramoses , an Egyptian youth whose father is wrongly accused of raiding the Pharaoh 's tomb . You have three days to prove his innocence . `` Egypt 1156 '' is actually an edutainment title . You can click on various objects which will lead you to an encyclopedia reference . The game also weaves ancient Egyptian culture into the puzzles . There is even a part in which you get to play Senet , an ancient board game.At first this game seemed pretty good . Most puzzles , although easy , were logical . The graphics were beautiful -LRB- although less stunning than today 's adventure games -RRB- , and the game was very stable -LRB- no crashes -RRB- . The interface is very easy to learn . Most of the time you need only to point and click to move . Dialog is handled with a multiple choice-style set of responses . You need only to select the desired response and enter.After a little while , however , I began to notice numerous flaws , most of which merely annoying . A lot of them could be overlooked depending on how interested you are in adventure games . The music , for example , was good , but was one of those endless loop recordings that began to drive me crazy . I shut it off . The male characters all seemed to be twins , as I could n't tell one from the other . I could n't skip past dialog , so if there were several things to ask a character about , I had to listen to the same introductory dialog several times . Several of the scenes were so dark I had to grope around , looking to see if the cursor changed to see if I could do anything . The cursor would change if you could interact with people/objects , but would only change if you moused over a certain part of the object -LRB- for example , it only would change if I put the cursor over the upper half of a person , not the lower half -RRB- . There were typos in the dialog subtitles.Then a major flaw . The game is divided in to several acts , each taking place in a different location . Once you move on to the next location , however , you ca n't go back to an earlier one . You have to go back to an earlier save and repeat whatever happened since then . You can die , by the way , so save often.Finally the plotline fell apart for me . Maybe it was the unfamiliar Egyptian names , which made it hard for me to remember who was connected to what . But in any case , I failed to see why certain objects would implicate certain people were guilty , and I no longer knew why I doing certain things . The only reason I was able to finish the game was that certain characters told you what to do or understanding of the entire plotline was n't necessary to solve certain puzzles . You do n't need to figure out , for instance , that you should find a way to stop aiming arrows at you so the character wo n't die . At this point I lost interest in the game.I would n't recommend `` Egypt 1156 B.C. '' to most people . There are three classes of people that might enjoy it . The first would be die-hard , nondiscriminating adventure gamers . -LRB- The game is , by the way , very linear , for those of you who hate that . -RRB- The second would be junior high schoolers -LRB- I say junior high schoolers because the game is very easy -RRB- who need or want to learn something about ancient Egypt . Lastly , Egyptologists might enjoy it . Otherwise I 'd pass ; it would n't be that hard to find a more worthwhile title .
 I was really looking forward to playing this game since I 'm an Egyptology buff . The graphics are n't too bad -- some are even spectacular -- but the gameplay is frustrating . I had to play one section over and over because I did n't accumulate items in the correct order . There are a couple of items that do n't appear to have any purpose at all . Maybe they do , but I was able to get through the game without using them . I was also disappointed that the game did n't venture into all of the places on the map . Why are they there?High points were the Senet game and the information about items , gods , and every day life of ancient Egypt.Low points were the character graphics -LRB- ugly and mechanical -RRB- , difficulty picking up items and replaying sections over and over.My own pet peeve ... the subtitles contain spelling errors and do n't always match what is spoken . Sloppy editing , Dreamcatcher !!! However , they did manage to fit `` perspicacity '' into the script -- twice -LRB- for whatever that 's worth -RRB- . Overall , the educational aspects of the game are fun and interesting , but the gameplay is blah .
 I enjoyed Dreamcatcher 's idea for the game , but it was n't a very good game . My main complaint is your character moves WAY to fast when you try to move around with your mouse , even with the slowest setting on . It has alright graphics , but I believe it does n't have that great of an interface.If your REALLY desperate for an adventure game to play , go ahead and buy this one , but let 's not count on it being on the top ten great games list for awhile .
 This game sounds intriguing . The graphics are terrible and dark . Maybe 4 or 5 scenes to the game . Puzzles are not good and the game is very short . The title sounds like it would be interesting . The game is nothing like the title depicts . Just 2 stars from me . In fact , maybe 11/2 would be better .
 More like a history lesson than a game . Very difficult to follow , if you like history you may enjoy otherwise find something else .
 I would love to have played this game , but was very dissapointed when it would not play on my XP-Pro System , which has top of the range sound and graphics cards . Total waste of money . If I could give it a zero rating , I would .
 I bought this product on a whim , thinking I could use to re-enforce my `` guitar for dummies '' knowledge.While the cover looks exciting -LRB- play along with the band , many views of the guitar , etc. -RRB- , once you load the product and start trying to use it to learn is when you realize how badly you want to get your money back.I think the biggest complaint , is that there is no order on the lessons . There is a table of contents , but nothing even remotely indicating `` start here and go in this direction '' . It is the most unorganized piece of software I have ever purchased.Save your money , and run away from this product .
 I rented this game and within 10 minutes I was already bored . It 's just plain boring . The backgrounds are bland and the ability to fly makes it way too easy . Even if you like the Powerpuff Girls show , you should stay far away from this terrible game .
 I just want to tell you that 's a big waste of money ... that game is going to be just like the two others ... that means very boring ...
 The good thing
 This program leaves quite a bit to be desired . It does not break down a project by hour which is sometimes very handy dealing with a small project or one that has many at a facets per day . The tutorials fairly good but it still leaves something to be desired in the finance area . I have not been able to find any way to add materials or cost of machinery or services other than labor.I have had to resort returning to an old program that I bought a number of years ago called Project Manager by Softkey.Tom Walker , Arizona
 This is a review of this product : Driver 2 -LRB- PlayStation video game -RRB- . Amazon may display this review on the page of another version of this product , for which this review may not apply . After reading this review , please click on the link so that you can be assured that the product this review applies to is the same one you thought it was for . -LRB- This is a review that I originally wrote on 07/27/2002 -RRB- -------------------------------------------------- I * LOVE * Grand Theft Auto 3 -LRB- for the Playstation 2 -RRB- and I wanted a game that would be similar to it . I know that no game , except for possibly GTA4 , could even come close to GTA3 , but I still wanted `` more . '' From what I read about this game , it seemed like a poor man 's GTA3 . I hadDriver 1on thePC , but could never actually play the game itself because I could not pass that stupid driving test at the beginning of `` Undercover '' mode . When I read that Driver 2 did not have a driving test , that gave me even more reason to want it.GAMEPLAYWhen I popped the game into my PS2 , I immediately went into `` Free Ride '' mode so that I could get a feel for the controls and check out the scenery a bit . I did n't even move one inch when the cops were after me . Yes , that 's right , I was STANDING STILL and the cops were on my b-u-t-t . If the cops are going to be on me like white on rice , I 'd at least like to know WHY . I gave the cops no resistance , allowing them the chance to come up to the car and pull me out -LRB- like real cops would , and those in GTA3 -RRB- , but they thought it would be best to just keep ramming me !?! Since this game lacks the Police Bribes and the Pay And Spray of GTA3 , the only way I could get the cops off my tail and reduce my felony meter -LRB- the equivalent of GTA3 's Wanted stars meter -RRB- was to hitail it out of there in the hopes that I could lose them . Even though the game promises that you can wipe your felony meter clean by getting out of your vehicle and carjacking another one , since you ca n't get out of the car and switch vehicles while being wanted/chased , there 's no practical use of this `` feature . `` I decided to try the main `` Undercover '' mode , hoping that it would be better . The first mission was simple enough . Get from point A to point B . The first time I tried it I failed it because I did n't get to the place on time -LRB- I was going the wrong way from the start -RRB- . Once I figured out that all I had to do was make two lefts then go right every chance I could , I got to the destination with time to spare . Mission 1 Passed ! Perhaps this game WOULD get better ... until Mission 2 , that is!Mission 2 involves you having to follow another car . The problem is , unless you 're -LRB- at most -RRB- two car lengths behind him , the game will say that you lost him and thus failed the mission ... even though his car is clearly visible on the screen ! After attempting this mission three or four more times , only to get as far as around the corner , I had enough punishment and immediately decided to bring the game back to the store with my Mom 's receipt to get a different game . ANY game would be better , even Barney The Dinosaur!Not even cheats codes could help make this game playable . I used two Game Shark codes to unlock the in-game Invincibility and Immunity -LRB- no felony -RRB- cheats . However , neither of these would help with mission 2 . The Infinite Time Game Shark code would not work , otherwise I * might * have had a chance of barely playing the game ... the key words there are `` might '' and `` barely . `` GRAPHICSThis game has the WORST graphics ever seen in a video game of any age . Pong and Pac-Man look high-tech compared to this.There is more pop-up in Driver 2 than in a marathon of Pop-Up Video on VH-1 . You look ahead and see an open piece of land . You plan to cut across that land in order to make the turn at a high speed without having to slow down -LRB- or just to take a shortcut -RRB- . Just as you get within a car 's length of that land , a building pops up out of nowhere . BAM ! You crashed and damaged your car . Repeat indefinitely and you 've got the graphics of Driver 2 . REPLAYABILITYIn order to have replayability , a game must first have playability.TO BUY OR TO RENT?NEITHER!I would n't even give the CD to my dog as a chew toy.If it were possible , I would have given this game a 0 rating . Then again , it kinda deserves the 1 because it has one redeeming quality
 I did not find this game to be very exciting . Some of the levels are impossible and it seems like you have to restart 50 times before you can finally pass the level . How am I supposed to catch a guy throwing explosives out of the back when he never slows down enough so you can run him off the road ? The cops seem to be difficult . You can be going full speed and the cops can still ram you from the back and send you flying into a building . I personally did n't think it was very fun . Now if you could walk into the buildings and explore a little more than pavement , it would be fun . If you want a game thats impossible and frustrating , try Driver 2 .
 this scares me and when they have the mission with peoplei n the vents it scared my half to death DO NOT BUY IT FOR YOUR CHILD
 I have not personally played this game , but I have seen my 9 year old play this . I did not buy this game for him , his mother did , but I have heard good things about it . The first time I saw it , I was in the room with my 9 year old , and my 3 year old . The game looked ok , but the concept of running from the police and stealing cars -LRB- he was in the Ride Along game -RRB- was a little too much for me to handle . I kept reading the manual , trying to figure out what was the concept of the game -LRB- and to help my son -RRB- . My son had no idea what he was doing . He just knew it was so much fun to steal the cars , and run from the police . I have since read the reviews on this game , and now realize that my son needed to change the `` game '' and try to play the part of the game where he is supposed to find people or look for things . Still he would be running from the police and stealing cars . I asked my son why he kept stealing cars , and his response was that he had too because the police smashed his other one . He even tried to play the game where he drive correctly -LRB- speed limit and stoplight rules were followed -RRB- , but the police still chased him.My first response was that this game was not a good game for my 9 year old , and especially my 31/2 year old to see.I was happy to see that this game was for TEENS , because I do n't expect to see this game at my house for about 4 more years . He can keep it at his mother 's house .
 The first driver game was a sleeper hit , I got the game the day it was released because the title seemed interesting . This game was one of the best that I have played , it was not perfect the control was not the best but the game play more than made up for it . So when driver 2 came out i thought it was a no brainer get the game its got to be better . How wrong I was , well the game looks better but what does that say nothing there seems to be a framerate of 20 fps they have ruined the game i loved . how they could put this pile of crap out i cant understand a high speed chase seems to be all to slow , this is becomeing all to common , good game then a bad game .
 Driver -LRB- the first 1 -RRB- was one of the best games of 1999 so it was understandable that a follow up would be made . It 's just such a shame that Driver 2 was n't nearly as good as the first one or for that matter any , any other game for the PSone in 2000 . For a start the graphics are horrendous ! They compare to the likes of the first Playstation games made - it just does n't look real at all!Secondly , the missions are way too hard ! Unless you 're a games expert you 'll find even the easiest mission here hard and boring.Thirdly , the gameplay is n't very smooth and when there 's more things around you -LRB- e.g. cars and policemen -RRB- , your car moves slower.Lastly , the game is unrealistic in a bad way . You ca n't run people over and the Police are just stupid ! Another incredibly false thing that takes place is you can often go for miles on a main road and not come near another car!The only thing I 'd say is enjoyable about Driver 2 is just `` Taking A Ride '' around Chicago and seeing how fast you can ram into another car . If you 're looking for a PSone ` car ' game then buy the original Driver . If you 're looking for any car game then definitely get ` Vice City ' instead .
 Although better than the first driver , I think this game was a total let down . First of all , I thought you would be able to have a gun . This , like many other of my beliefs , was wrong . Although you were able to get out of your car and steel other cars , there was no point of doing this , because there were almost no other cars to steel . A third of the cars were the EXACT same car that you were . Another third was the same car as you , except a different color . The last third of the cars were a little bit different , for example most of them had really long and ugly fenders . I thought there would be better cars , as in porsches and ferraris . Finally there was two CDs . The second one , which may have been ok , was inaccessible unless you beat the first CD , which was IMPOSSIBLE . Not even supermen could complete the missions given to you , because the missions were really hard , and when you were about to beat them , the game would freeze . The only reason why I gave this game 1 star was because it was better than the last one , and the last one I gave 0 stars .
 I purchased three of these for two young men . The first one played great but the next one had a glitch that caused the game to freeze up . Because it was used I returned it thinking it was a problem with the disc even though it looked good . But guess what ... the next one I ordered had the same issue ... freezing up while driving making the game unplayable . I would not purchase this game ... nothing more disappointing than anticipating playing a game and it wo n't play .
 I thought this would be awesome , being able to get out of your car , multiplayer , and more . . but after about twenty minutes of play time , the crappy grahpics and other things started getting on my nerves . Then , not so long after that I saw gta 3 being played at a friends house -LRB- i got driver 2 a while ago as u can see -RRB- . Even since then , I could n't play driver 2 without thinking of how much better a game was out there , that you could do a thousand times more in . Of course , you have to get a ps2 to play gta 3 , but trust me , it 's worth it . Especially since gta vice city is coming out soon . Ps2 is definately the way to go .
 Driver 2 is a poor game for the Playstation.The Wheelman is back in driver 2 for playstation and who truly cares about it ? Why this game was produced for the Playstation is beyond me . This is a game that is meant for the PC and not the limited processor of a Playstation . I saw the difference in the orginal Driver for Playstation and Driver for the PC and the gameplay experience was completely different . I 'll wait for the creators to code Driver 2 to the PC , so we can actually enjoy the game . The graphics are horrible , horrible and horrible . Anyone who says the graphics are excellent must have some bad eyes or have never seen any other game system besides a playstation much less a computer . During the Gameplay it is very apparent that the coders of the game did not fully optimize the game for Playstation as you can see in many parts of the game where the framerate drops . The framerate drops ? What the heck is this on a Playstation ? I have not seen any processor or memory upgrades for a playstation , so why would a game I am playing be too much for the playstation to play without any errors or holdups much less framerate drops . This is totally ridiculous ! I have a very good feeling that the creators of Driver 2 made a PC version first then coded it back to Playstation format which would explain the buggy and slow gameplay in some areas . I do have to admit the game is very fun to play and would be even more enjoyable if the game would actually be better than the orginal . The mission are very good and you can pass them easily if your gameplay does not slow down , but if it does you will be pushing the restart button after you fail the mission . The cutscenes are ok and I just love the beginning scene where the man with the sawed off double barrelled shot gun fires off about 8 shots without reloading , very clever indeed . RENT , do buy this game unless the only thing you have in your house is a Playstation . And if I see a Driver 3 for playstation , I might just drive myself into a wall in frustation .
 To be quite frank , this has to be one of the worst games ever . The storyline is really complicated , but even if you had the patience to watch the movie clips time and time again it 's boring . The graphics look like someone painted cardboard boxes to look like buildings and called it Chicago . Controls are okay , though cars seem to make tight turns when you want soft turns and soft turns when you want tight ones . Not to mention that when on foot , the only directions that the `` driver '' can go is forward and slowly backwards . So if the `` bad guy '' is getting away your only chance of catching him is to rotate until you see a car , go forward , position yourself right in the exact front of the door , press triangle and hope that the `` bad guy '' is as drunk as the `` driver '' is . Also , the cop 's AI is worse than George Bush 's ability to think . If you go any faster than 2 miles per hour , or drive one inch away from the left side , or do anything that a normal person would do , you 're gon na have cops ramming into your car . But most important , this game is not fun . It 's frustrating . After two hours of trying to beat a train to a car you 'll bash your Playstation with your fists . Hey , it 's more fun , right ?
 OK kids here is the Real Don Steal . Remember in the first game when you got to LA and it was always raining . Remember how hard it was to drive the car and how much the Frame rate slowwed down due to the increase in activity on the screen i.e. more than 3 cars with in 10 feet of yours . Well sit down and buckle up cause the entire game of Driver 2 is like that . I played this game and when I put the controller down all I could say was WOW 32 bits have reached their limits . This game is like trying to play a PC game with mondo graphics on a 486 . Bottem line It sux . Do not ruien that warm fuzzy felling you have for the first game by buying the second .
 Driver 2 was a good game when it came out . However , now that Playstation 2 and Grand Theft Auto 3 have been released , there is literally no reason to bother with this game . The graphics look bad , even for PS1 . The frame rate is choppy , and the missions are so ridiculous that you will find yourself doing them over and over again . There are many annoying glitches as well , like falling through the street for no reason -LRB- game over -RRB- , and cops that smash your car over or through walls and buildings , trapping your vehicle in them . Also , the vehicles seem to drive VERY SLOWLY on the streets . pedestrians run from your car to avoid being hit , and if your car does hit them , they pass through the vehicle as if through thin air.I will give some credit to this game -- the `` take a ride '' feature allows you to drive freely through very realistic renderings of Chicago , Havana , Las Vegas and Rio . The cops , however , will chase you for no reason and smash your car until it is destroyed -- that is unless you can outrun them .
 Little phrases describe this game better than `` waste of time '' . Once players get past the needlessly lengthy -LRB- and unskippable -RRB- 2 minutes of opening cinematics , they 're ` treated ' to some of the worst gameplay , realism and overall fun on the otherwise fantastic Playstation console . Each level is filled with unnecessarily difficult quirks , ranging from invincible opponents to hidden obstacles . A picket fence now has to power to halt a speeding automobile dead in its tracks , as does a small dumpster . One level asks you to ` highjack a truck ' , getting to mention that this 12 ton hauler can out-accellerate and handle your 2-ton sports car . Adding to the `` fun factor '' is the unwavering , needlessly impervious opponent that starts directly behind you , pushing you out of control almost instantly . As a sort of cherry on top , you 're given a time limit . What fun . I enjoyed the original Driver , and found myself hoping for something similar here . Alas ; no such luck . Do n't make the same mistake I did ... you 'd be better off spending your money elsewhere .
 I was hopeful in renting this game to try on my PS2 that the newer console would improve some of the graphics issues discussed in the other reviews . The bad news is that the graphics are just as bad on the PS2 . The good news is that the control might be just a tad better . I did not notice any substantial control differences compared to the original Driver -LRB- which I also own and could do side by side comparisons to -RRB- . My personal jury is still out on buying this one , but the experience was not as bad as the PS-based reviewers suggest . On PS2 , the game still is n't pretty , but it does n't make me want to throw the controller at the screen .
 Driver 1 was a great game but driver 2 sicks it hard to drive and it not a fun game at all do n't buy is game .
 Where is the PC version of this game ?????? I have cash and will pay -- really seems like a no brainer marketing decision needs to be made .
 The frame rate is realy bad , and the pop up is pure death ! Auto Destruct was a good game , it came out in 1997 , but it did n't have this much damn pop up ! The first Driver felt like it was based in th 70s , but this felt like it was based in the 90s , but with 70s cars . It 's just ugly ! I 'll sell it , if I can find anyone who wants it !
 This game has very little of the fun and innovation found in the first one . Roughly a third of the levels -LRB- almost all of the chase levels -RRB- are ludicrously difficult without remarkable skills , and the `` tail the suspect '' levels are boring and easy . You 'll often replay the same level over and over again -LRB- they really can be difficult -RRB- , and between each replay you have to wait for the level to load and watch a long intro . Experts may get something out of it , but it is no fun for casual play .
 Great concept , but if you do n't mind the game play slowing you down because the playstation ca n't keep up -LRB- oh and by the way the person you are chasing does n't slow down -RRB- then its a great game the will just frustrate the hell out of you .
 The idea behind the game is very good , and I believe that we will see great games like this in the fuure . Indeed , i would like to see a game that essentially combines a Driver type game with a flight simulator , providing a more thorough ` life ' simulation . At any rate , I feel that Driver 2 was a rather sloppy release . The graphics are not very sharp , the popup makes it very hard to see what is not so far ahead of you . Many of the missions are so difficult , that I had to attempt them 20 or 30 times before I was lucky enough to finish them . Needless to say , I still have not gotten to Rio or Vegas ... what they really lack here , I believe , is a setting for difficulty levels . The game is perpetually on ` Extreme ' . Personally , I like a game to be challenging , as well as fun . I do not find Driver 2 to be fun .
 Driver 1 is one of my all time favorite games so of course I went out and bought Driver 2 as soon as it came out . When I played it I could n't believe that this was made by the same company that made the first outstanding game . The graphics are hardly impressive , the control is loose , the speed is sluggish and it 's just not a user friendly game . At some points you end up hating the game because you have to restart so much each time you fail a mission . They made this game extremely hard . My friend is a gaming fanatic . He plays games all day everyday . He 's an expert at them . But even he could n't get past the first disc of this game . We 've both given up . Now , if I 'm going to play Driver 2 it 's just for the free drives around the cities . I 'm looking forward to a Driver 3 on Playstation 2 but I hope Infogrames will fix all the problems this sequel had .
 An interesting game at first , but it gets boring after awhile because it seems like you just do the same thing .
 I like the game and how you can get out of your car and all , but the graphics are terrible , they are just awful , and I 'm using them on a PS2 , and it also runs slow .
 This memory card is great if you want to save a slice of a game . Its way too small , wish I would ` nt have bought it .
 ca n't save big games , like sports games . what a waste
 This movie will never be cool.Get the my scene goes Hollywood and Barbie and the Magic of Pegasus insted.Bratz dolls are ugly.They are losers.They are terrible.P.S.This movie is boring , because I heard about the story and it realy stinks .
 So you think that.Bratz will never win.They are ugly.-I love my scene.-I like Barbie.-I hate Bratz.The songs suck.Bratz dolls sucks too .
 I bet BRATZ was created by a bunch of little girly girls.My cousin and i saw this dvd , and it was pathetic and STUPID.Not to mention ` tarded haha.Well , they do n't even deserve ONE star.Yeah . . And it really does n't matter if , Bratz or Myscenecopied each other , becuase they both SUCK the same way .
 MY SCENE ARE PUT WITH THE BARBIES AT THE STORE . BARBIE IS NUMBER ONE ! SHE HAS BEEN AND ALWAYS WILL BE ! AND AT THE STORE THERES WAY MORE PEOPLE BUYING MATTEL PRODUCTS ! 14 GIRLKS MIGHT OF LOOKED AT THEM , BUT 14 GIRLS MIGHT NOT OF BOUGHT THEM !
 MY SCENE ARE PUT WITH THE BARBIES AT THE STORE . BARBIE IS NUMBER ONE ! SHE HAS BEEN AND ALWAYS WILL BE ! AND AT THE STORE THERES WAY MORE PEOPLE BUYING MATTEL PRODUCTS ! 14 GIRLKS MIGHT OF LOOKED AT THEM , BUT 14 GIRLS MIGHT NOT OF BOUGHT THEM !
 MY SCENE ARE PUT WITH THE BARBIES AT THE STORE . BARBIE IS NUMBER ONE ! SHE HAS BEEN AND ALWAYS WILL BE ! AND AT THE STORE THERES WAY MORE PEOPLE BUYING MATTEL PRODUCTS ! 14 GIRLKS MIGHT OF LOOKED AT THEM , BUT 14 GIRLS MIGHT NOT OF BOUGHT THEM !
 MY SCENE ARE PUT WITH THE BARBIES AT THE STORE . BARBIE IS NUMBER ONE ! SHE HAS BEEN AND ALWAYS WILL BE ! AND AT THE STORE THERES WAY MORE PEOPLE BUYING MATTEL PRODUCTS ! 14 GIRLKS MIGHT OF LOOKED AT THEM , BUT 14 GIRLS MIGHT NOT OF BOUGHT THEM !
 I have learned a lot of stuff about Lindsay , and she is a normal girl that would n't participate in this ! That shows how nice she is . She 's better than all of us ! And you should never use the word HATE . Especially when you do n't know her . Besides , you cant say that celebs like bratz only . Barbie has Hilary , and My Scene has Lindsay . So where the Bratz celebrities ?
 I have learned a lot of stuff about Lindsay , and she is a normal girl that would n't participate in this ! That shows how nice she is . She 's better than all of us ! And you should never use the word HATE . Especially when you do n't know her . Besides , you cant say that celebs like bratz only . Barbie has Hilary , and My Scene has Lindsay . So where the Bratz celebrities ?
 I have learned a lot of stuff about Lindsay , and she is a normal girl that would n't participate in this ! That shows how nice she is . She 's better than all of us ! And you should never use the word HATE . Especially when you do n't know her . Besides , you cant say that celebs like bratz only . Barbie has Hilary , and My Scene has Lindsay . So where the Bratz celebrities ?
 OKAY , BRATZ FANS , DID YOU EVER CONSIDER THAT MGA STARTED THE COPYING / YEP , WELL , THEY DID ! THE BRATZ DESIGN WAS COPIED FROM DIVA STARZ ! AND THAT HAPPENED1 FULL YEAR BEFORE MY SENE CAME OUT ! SO MATTEL 'S THE GOOD ONE , AND MGA IS THE BAD ONE !!!
 OKAY , BRATZ FANS , DID YOU EVER CONSIDER THAT MGA STARTED THE COPYING / YEP , WELL , THEY DID ! THE BRATZ DESIGN WAS COPIED FROM DIVA STARZ ! AND THAT HAPPENED1 FULL YEAR BEFORE MY SENE CAME OUT ! SO MATTEL 'S THE GOOD ONE , AND MGA IS THE BAD ONE !!!
 OKAY , BRATZ FANS , DID YOU EVER CONSIDER THAT MGA STARTED THE COPYING / YEP , WELL , THEY DID ! THE BRATZ DESIGN WAS COPIED FROM DIVA STARZ ! AND THAT HAPPENED1 FULL YEAR BEFORE MY SENE CAME OUT ! SO MATTEL 'S THE GOOD ONE , AND MGA IS THE BAD ONE !!!
 These Bratz products are making little girls think that everything that ends in 's ' , ends in ` z ' . Could we get some correct grammer here ? Altleast My Scene is properly spelled !
 This movie sucks . Bratz are snobs in love with their clothing . The outfits are sl * tty . Bad movie choice .
 I 've heard that the My Scene dolls are coming out with a new movie that 's supposed to be much better than this `` Rock Angels '' movie -LRB- I heard it has cameos by Lindsay Lohan and Harvey Weinstein -RRB- - and supposedly it 's supposed to be much higher quality and way more age-appropriate for girls . The word on the street with my circle of friends with daughters in the 8-12 age group is that it 's definitely the more wholesome , age-appropriate movie choice this fall . After hearing that , and after seeing Bratz 's incredibly disappointing excuse for a last movie with my daughter , I can tell you where I plan to spend my money - especially after seeing this -LRB- and my past disappointments with the quality of Bratz 's products and their toys ' inappopriateness -RRB- .
 I have readed all your reviews about the my scene dolls . `` MY SCENE GOES HOLLYWOOD CHELSEA `` 3 TIMES.Yes thats right.I must get Barbie and the Magic of Pegasus and My scene goes Hollywood insted.Bratz dolls realy suck.Yes thats right.They are realy ugly.I am 8 years old and I love my scene and Barbie .
 YES RIGHT !!!!!!! This movie looks boring.I have to say some thing.We must talk about 3 movies.My scene , Barbie , and those ugly Bratz.FIRST : Barbie and the Magic of Pegasus : This movie looks the best ever , because it ` s with 3D animation.And I heard about the movie when I went to -LSB- ... -RSB- . The story was great.SECOND : MY SCENE GOES HOLLYWOOD THE MOVIE : This movie looks cool and look how the my scene gang is wearing.They have many great colors on thier clothes , spesialy Chelsea.She is the best.The animation is good , and the story looks fun to watch.AT LAST : BRATZ ROCK ANGELZ : This movie looks realy boring , and I totaly hate Bratz.They are sooooooo ugly.They have a vey ugly big mouth , head , and body.HOW STUPID !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Please agree with my review.Just get Barbie and the Magic of Pegasus , and My scene goes Hollywood insted this stupid Bratz movie.Bratz are just for stupid girls .
 I hate Bratz and I hate thier clothes and thier look.They are veeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeery ugly and slutty.I Barbie the most.She came out first and she is the best.my scene is also great too.Dont get this DVD.BRATZ DOLLS SUCK !!!!! EWWWWWWWWW !!!!!!!!!!!!! BOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!! BOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!! BOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!
 This movie looks terrible and Bratz are bad because they have percing in thier stomach and a tatoo in this band.This thing is bad for little girls.Get my scene or Barbie is much better .
 WE WONT GO AWAYYOU ARE PATHETICBRATZ ARE PATHETICTHEY COPY DIVA STARZTHEY COPY MY SCENETHEY COPY BARBIETHEY ARE LOSERS !!!
 The dolls look hideous , and are priced way too high ! So , based on the dolls , I 'm guessing that people that had problems with the dolls , are not going to buy this movie ! Bratz are such C D wasters !
 You ca n't say that other people ca n't hate this movie because they have n't seen it . Especially when you are telling them to shut up because it 's going to rock . You have n't seen it either ! So just cut it out and use common sense !
 We have lives beause a review only takes so long to write . The My Scene boys were in a band , and competing to get a demo recorded . The Bratz started the copying from the Diva Starz . It 's not like the My Scene copies everything from Bratz . Mattel made them to give MGA a taste of their own medicine , NOT the other way around . Nobody said that this movie sucked , and would we be saying that if we have n't seen it ? NO ! CGI animatin is cool , but Barbie had it first . The animation was terrible , so I guessed thats why they changed it . And if Bratz were 1,000,000,000 times better than My Scene , that would make them supernatural ... not in this lifetime !!! The movie copied EVERYTHING from Mattel movies , so do n't buy it . And I do n't think it sounds cool !
 Mattel 's movies are way better than bratz movies . All MGA has that is a `` hotseller '' is Bratz . Mattel has Barbie , My Scene , Polly Pocket , and many other toys that are selling . This movie and the dolls are trash . The cgi animation was copied from the Barbie movies , the band/demo record was copied from the first My Scene movie , the look was copied from the Diva Starz , the doll movie thing was copied from mattel , and the song albums from the movie was copied from Mattel as well . The My Scene dolls wear beautiful colors , normal hairstyles , have a great movie , and a well-behaved celeb that a lot of girls look up to -LRB- the stories are ALL rumors -RRB- . So get that movie , and the awesome Barbie movie . Please , though it may be tempting , do n't support the wanna-be copying copany , MGA .
 Well , mga starting copying mattel products a long time ago . AND THEY DID IT CHEAPLY !!! I do n't find it American . The girls are bad role models . They DO look like BLEEDING SKUNKS ! Bash MGA for copying off of mattel . Get the My Scene movie instead .
 I have learned a lot of stuff about Lindsay , and she is a normal girl that would n't participate in this ! That shows how nice she is . She 's better than all of us ! And you should never use the word HATE . Especially when you do n't know her . Besides , you cant say that celebs like bratz only . Barbie has Hilary , and My Scene has Lindsay . So where the Bratz celebrities ?
 1 . vile2.disgusting3 . freaky4 . dumb5 . superficial5 . childish6 . annoying7 . putrid8 . disgusting9 . retarted.DUMB BRATZ FANS ARE SO ANNOYING , U ARE FREAKY , OBSESSED PPL , U OUGHT TO BE ASHAMBED OF BEING SO OBSESSED WITH A DUMB BUNCH OF TOYS ... TOYS ????? HOW STUPID ARE U GUYS IN LOVE WITH DOLLS
 Having trawled through 200 + reviews on this film , I 've come to the conclusion that Bratz obviously retards the intelligence of those that collect them . At least 40 % of the reviews on here are repeats , 5 % seem to be about the movie and the rest is Bratz and My Scene fans calling each other names , with the Bratz fans making the dumbest statements.Face it , you whinge about Barbie being a bad example for the young , but honestly the Bratz tagline is ` girls with a passion for fashion and boys ' So the only important things in life are clothes and dating , hey if that ai n't sexism what is ? At least barbie -LRB- not my scene -RRB- got to be a doctor .
 whats with mgae ? do n't they know all the stuff they put out on DVD is stupid ? This movie really suked , stupid characters , stupid setting , stupid idea and STUPID DUMB ANIMATIONX1000 !!! -LRB- THEY MADE THE ANIMATION CRAPPY JUST TO SAVE MONEY -RRB- I saw this movie on Tv and lol . lets just say i will never watch it ever again.OUT WIT BRATZ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BRATZ ARE OLD AND UNCOOL . ** PUNKSTAR **
 So the adults are right it is very innapropet tourds people my age -LRB- I 'm ten -RRB- or around there . The other `` kids reviews '' burst out anger because they like the movie -LRB- because it is kinda funny -RRB- even though it is n't kid friendly at all or they just do n't `` get '' how it is innapropet.Even though I find Bratz cool I 'm going to stick to Winx club because Winx is apropet for children my age . ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ Sorry Bratz fans ! * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~
 OKAY , BRATZ FANS , DID YOU EVER CONSIDER THAT MGA STARTED THE COPYING / YEP , WELL , THEY DID ! THE BRATZ DESIGN WAS COPIED FROM DIVA STARZ ! AND THAT HAPPENED1 FULL YEAR BEFORE MY SENE CAME OUT ! SO MATTEL 'S THE GOOD ONE , AND MGA IS THE BAD ONE !!!
 OKAY , BRATZ FANS , DID YOU EVER CONSIDER THAT MGA STARTED THE COPYING / YEP , WELL , THEY DID ! THE BRATZ DESIGN WAS COPIED FROM DIVA STARZ ! AND THAT HAPPENED1 FULL YEAR BEFORE MY SENE CAME OUT ! SO MATTEL 'S THE GOOD ONE , AND MGA IS THE BAD ONE !!!
 Sure , My Scene may of copied a little off of Bratz but what about Bratz copying Barbie ?! And Diva Starz ?! Face it . Bratz have been copying these for a long time ! Without Mattel , MGA would be nothing !
 Sure , My Scene may of copied a little off of Bratz but what about Bratz copying Barbie ?! And Diva Starz ?! Face it . Bratz have been copying these for a long time ! Without Mattel , MGA would be nothing !
 Sure , My Scene may of copied a little off of Bratz but what about Bratz copying Barbie ?! And Diva Starz ?! Face it . Bratz have been copying these for a long time ! Without Mattel , MGA would be nothing !
 Sure , My Scene may of copied a little off of Bratz but what about Bratz copying Barbie ?! And Diva Starz ?! Face it . Bratz have been copying these for a long time ! Without Mattel , MGA would be nothing !
 Sure , My Scene may of copied a little off of Bratz but what about Bratz copying Barbie ?! And Diva Starz ?! Face it . Bratz have been copying these for a long time ! Without Mattel , MGA would be nothing !
 Get the My Sene Movie ! That movie will be 1,000 times better than the Bratz strippers ! My Scene will always be 1,000 % better than stupid , ugly , slutty , gay , retarted Bratz !
 The dolls look hideous , and are priced way too high ! So , based on the dolls , I 'm guessing that people that had problems with the dolls , are not going to buy this movie ! Bratz are such C D wasters !
 The dolls look hideous , and are priced way too high ! So , based on the dolls , I 'm guessing that people that had problems with the dolls , are not going to buy this movie ! Bratz are such C D wasters !
 WE WONT GO AWAYYOU ARE PATHETICBRATZ ARE PATHETICTHEY COPY DIVA STARZTHEY COPY MY SCENETHEY COPY BARBIETHEY ARE LOSERS !!!
 Nevermind , THIS IS REALLY STUPID ! It is about these Abormal Girls named Cloe Sasha Jade and Meygan . Who Love Boys and Shopping . And Jade Gets an Internship witha really stupid magazine . The Head of the magazine is some boney lady who constantly says `` MOTHER OF PINK '' AKA her favorite color too much and that woman has two twin daughters who are only known as the Tweevels . Of course , The woman gives the Tweevles the `` HOT SPOT JOBS '' and Jade gets the bullcrap . Jade Eventually Gets Fired and in hope to actually start the acutal -LRB- If you can call it what it is supposed to be -RRB- STORY , the girls start there very own MAGAZINE ! They call it BRATZ -LRB- Brats with a Z -RRB- along with there little group because `` We get called brats anyway , we might as well embrace it ! '' FYI that 's not something people should be proud of ! moving on , the other mean people find out and threaten the newly called BRATZ while the BRATZ are designing there RAD MAG PAD ! of course , it 's Jade 's turn to shine in black glitter and the mean girls lean on wet paint . After That , Jade realizes she has lots of invites to the HOTTEST club ever called Pins in LONDON , PS how old are these girls . So they leave on the plane Cloe meets some ` ROYAL '' -LRB- Yup the world is gon na blow up -RRB- and they meet back in the city , later the girls team up with Each other along with two guys who look 12 and have pecs and abs AND arms , Etian -LRB- How is that prenounced ! -RRB- and Cameron -LRB- Who wants to do `` Stuff '' with Cloe -RRB- . Problems occur when Cloe leaves Meygan AKA Pretty Princess to do all the work while she 's out playing croccuet with the royal . Sasha wo n't let jade photograph anything . So eventually they all HATE eachother . Then Meygan Gets Tickets To PINS and since the mean people eventually show up , loses them to the mean people when they girls evily steal them . They all become freinds again and need to get into the club , and since rock stars are allowed in unconditonally , Du Ran Da Ran , they become the Rock AngleZ in 1 hour . they go to the club and Preform . and They finish there magazine and win the competiton with the rival magazine ! 1 . Why call it ROCK ANGELZ , release over 100 peices of merchedise , and create a CD ! , when the ROCK ANGELZ only appear for about 2 minuets of the movie . 2 . They movie constantly advertises for MGA 's BRATZ products , wich will make girls want stuff more ! So Overall , this movie is horrible , I saw it on cartoon network . YAY , I did not waste money and buy it !
 I HATE BRATZ , AND I HATE THEIR CLOTHES , BUT THIER PLAYSETS ARE JUST OK.ONE DAY I WENT TO MY FRIEND AND SHE HAD A BRATZ DOLL.IT ` S MADE OF A NOT GOOD PLASTIC.THE BRATZ ROCK ANGELZ COLLECTION IS NOT COOL AT ALL.THEY WEAR BLACK AND WHITE CLOTHES.THAY ARE NOT GREAT.NOW LOOK AT THE MY SCENE GOES HOLLYWOOD COLLECTION AND THE MOVIE.THEY HAVE COLORS ON THIER CLOTHES , THEY HAVE A KEY CHAIN FOR YOU , THEY HAVE GOT LINDSAY LOHAN IN THE MOVIE , AND A LINDSAY LOHAN DOLL.MY SCENE GOES HOLLYWOOD MOVIE LOOKS WAY BETTER THAN THIS BRATZ ROCK ANGELZ MOVIE.BRATZ ARE THE WORST DOLLS I HAVE EVER SAW.GET THE MY SCENE GOES HOLLYWOOD DVD.IT WILL BE WAY BETTER THEN THIS BRATZ ROCK ANGELZ , AND OF COURSE I WILL GET BARBIE AND THE MAGIC OF PEGASUS TOO , BECAUSE IT ` S WITH 3-D . -LRB- ... -RRB- I LOVE WATCHING BARBIE MOVIES , AND NOW IT ` S THE FIRST TIME I WILL GET THE MY SCENE GOES HOLLYWOOD MOVIE.IN MY DREAMS WHEN I GROW UP , I WILL BE A MOVIE STAR MAKING ACTION MOVIES AND A POP STAR.I SING EVERY DAY AT HOME AND IT ` S SO FUN.MY SCENE ARE THE WINERS , AND BRATZ ARE THE LOSERS.THANKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This movie looks absolutly unfabulous ! I listened to the songs and went to the cd/dvd site , and it ALL looks unamazing ! I 'm not a fan of Roxxi , and I do n't know much about her , but that 's not about to change !!! Trust me ! This is a lot dumber that that cool-looking My Scene movie !!! That My Scene movie looks fabulous ! Buy that movie , not this movie !!!
 The cgi animation was copied from the barbie movies , the demo record was copied from the first my scene movie , they only wear black white and red , they have tatoos , they should be named rock devils , they look like bleeding skunks , they copied off of diva starzeverything copied was copied from matteleverything made up is bad
 We have lives beause a review only takes so long to write . The My Scene boys were in a band , and competing to get a demo recorded . The Bratz started the copying from the Diva Starz . It 's not like the My Scene copies everything from Bratz . Mattel made them to give MGA a taste of their own medicine , NOT the other way around . Nobody said that this movie sucked , and would we be saying that if we have n't seen it ? NO ! CGI animatin is cool , but Barbie had it first . The animation was terrible , so I guessed thats why they changed it . And if Bratz were 1,000,000,000 times better than My Scene , that would make them supernatural ... not in this lifetime !!! The movie copied EVERYTHING from Mattel movies , so do n't buy it . And I do n't think it sounds cool !
 OK !!!! This movie looks realy boring.I heard the songs and they are realy bad.Get the my scene goes Hollywood and Barbie and the Magic of pegasus insted.The Barbie story and the my scene story is much better.P.S.I agree with other people who is writing reviews this time.MATTEL movies are 1000000000000000000000000000000000 % times better .
 Oh great . I read it cuz I love dolls but not only are the dolls ugly , their movie is too . I know a lot about this and it 's really boring . They 're pretty much wearing the same outfit . Do n't get it .
 A tatoo is so tiny . Just a little detail that everyone can live without . But they have to have one . Red , black , and white are cool colors , but together , they make the Bratz look like smokers . I , too , agree that a lot of the new Bratz features were copied from Mattel . Too many features . Do n't buy it . Buy the Mattel movies . All the kids -LRB- inluding mine -RRB- , teens , and grown ups that I know like mattel products better . Buy those .
 Bratz are ugly , dumb , -LRB- ... -RRB- , losers ! This movie DID copy off of Mattel movie ! Do n't listen to the Bratz fans they are SUPPORTING a bad company . Get the Mattel movie , Barbie and the Magic of Pegasus , My Scene Goes Hollywood , and Polly at the Pocket Plaza . Mattel will live forever ! My Scene are colorful , pletty , cool , loved , and way better than Bratz . Barbie has been # 1 forever ! Polly is awesome ! Bratz are mutated , and Mattel copies way too much off of Mattel !!!
 Okay so what if I has n't come out . I know just as much about it as you do ! Bratz are slutty ! They wear way skimpier clothes than My Scene . You guys are the losers . MGA is a loser . It 's okay for bratz to have cool things , but not when everything is copied from Mattel !
 Everyone here is right ! MGA copied Mattel . If you accuse My Scene of copying Bratz , that 's okay , because Bratz definately copied Diva Starz -LRB- no doubt about it ! -RRB- . So you end up saying Mattel copied Mattel . Anyway , I agree with everyone who says do n't buy this movie , get the much better MATTEL movies , because Mattel had the great ideas first . MGA justs copies them . So , do n't buy this movies . If you do , you 'll be helping the bad guys , and hurting the good guys . So please , try to understand .
 This movie is so a copy of everything from mattel . If your going to accuse mattel of copying MGA -LRB- making a My Scene movie when MGA was making a My Scene movie -RRB- , well , HELLO ! Mattel made doll movies first . Do n't buy this Bratz movie . Get the more wholesome , cooler , popular , and better Mattel movies coming out . Get Barbie in the Magic of Pegasus and My Scene Goes Hollywood . If you buy this movie , you will be supporting a fake and a bad role model . I do n't think that that is what you want . Is it ?
 The last Bratz movie was all about fashion . `` Is there such a thing as fashionitus ? '' The My Scene movies were about fashion , friendship , music , art , sports , and more . Get the real deal . Like BruinBear said , go for My Scene Goes Hollywood !
 It 's so plain and clear that this movie copied off of many mattel products . I mean come on !!! MATTEL made dolls . MGA made dolls . Mattel made mopvies . MGA made movies . Mattel made song tracks . MGA made soundtracts . Will they ever stop copying off of Mattel ?
 You can get it if you want to , but I would just like to say that I agree with the other bashers . Plus the last Bratz movie was pretty much only about fashion . What I agree with the most is that Bratz copies WAY TOO MUCH !!!
 You ca n't say that other people ca n't hate this movie because they have n't seen it . Especially when you are telling them to shut up because it 's going to rock . You have n't seen it either ! So just cut it out and use common sense !
 You ca n't say that other people ca n't hate this movie because they have n't seen it . Especially when you are telling them to shut up because it 's going to rock . You have n't seen it either ! So just cut it out and use common sense !
 You ca n't say that other people ca n't hate this movie because they have n't seen it . Especially when you are telling them to shut up because it 's going to rock . You have n't seen it either ! So just cut it out and use common sense !
 This moivie is about the Bratz girls -LRB- Yasmin , Jade , Cloe and Shasha -RRB- who start there own little magazine company and they head of to London with there to boy friends Dylan and the blonde -LRB- What are the Bratz doing double dating ?! -RRB- to go to a punk consert and interview a guy on some made up show called American Rocks -LRB- what a dumb name ! -RRB- . How ever the Bratz enemys the Twibles -LRB- Kassie and Kurtsi -RRB- and Burden Maxwell want to steel the Bratz tickets to the punk concert and the interview to meet the American Rocks dude.Well this is n't my movie It 's my nine year old sisters . She is a freak for Bratz.The reason I seirously hate this movie is it is not kid friendly . I mean the skirts they wear is like at the level of there under wear . And I have never seen a v-cut in a TV show as deep as the ones they wear in my life . Their cloths are sooooooooo tight to ! I mean ever since my sister saw this movie when we go shopping for cloths she chooses out these super tight cloths because the Bratz wear them . Also they dress like a gothic person!Some of their belly shirts are sleeve less -LRB- belly shirts with out sleeves can you see your child wearing one -RRB- ! Another bad thing is the way they act . They act all crazy over boys ! I mean I 'm a teen and I littarly HATE boys.Like once I went to my sister 's school to see her and these Kindergarderners where skiping with Bratz dolls in there hands talking to each other like this `` Branden is sooooo sexy ! Has he asked you out yet ?! '' And if you buy this movie your child would be saying stuff just like that.Also how they treat each other is bad as well . When you have an enemy you are supose to try to be nice to them even though they hate you . In this movie they try to hate there enemys as much as possible.One thing for shure that I hate the most in this moive is the Twibles . Every time they make a joke they jump up in the air and smack their fat butt checks together . When I saw the scenes when they did that -LRB- which was like every one -RRB- I felt like barfing . How lesbian.After your daughter watches this show she will want to dress goth , listen to punk and she will start acting all prissy . Like before my sister watched this movie she was a tom-boy she loved sports and hunting and horse riding after my sister watch this movie POW ! She changed into a Valley Girl wannabe . Like she was all prissy , she started to freak out about boys and make up , started dressing up in black tight cloths she was never her self agian.So over all Bratz send out the wrong message to children.If you want a regular child drop Bratz and get on with life.Kid friendly titles you should buy for a girl -LRB- 5-11 -RRB- Digi charat -LRB- books and DVDs All ages -RRB- Winx -LRB- TV show on 4kids on FOX . 8 and up -RRB- Magical Dorime -LRB- TV show on 4kids on FOX all ages -RRB- Mew Mew power -LRB- TV show 4kids TV on FOX 8 and up -RRB- My scene -LRB- DVDs all ages -RRB- Life and Times of Junifer Lee -LRB- Cartoon network all ages -RRB- Any thing on National Geo Graphics Kids.W.I.T.C.H -LRB- Books ten and up -RRB- So for all you parents , kids and teen who hate this movie rock on ! For all you little kids who gave this movie 5 stars grow up iit 's dolls that start a rock band!DOLLS!Can ' t you see the llight ?!
 I will never get this movie because Bratz are very ugly.OK !!!!!!!! my scene are :-LRB- ... -RRB- % times better than those ugly bratz dolls.If someone who tries to beat my review I will stop her , even if she said that I dont have chance to stop her.I thimk everyone knows me in here.SARA SIBLINI !!!!!!!!!!!
 THIS IS DUMB ! THIS IS DUMB!I 'D RATHER WATCH `` TIMMY THE TOOTH '' AND `` BOOBAH ! `` AT LEAST THEY SPELL WORDS RIGHT !
 every time somebody writes a bad review you girls always reply `` well your stupid , bratz rule ! '' and then point out spelling errors.here 's a little tip
 Hello , my name is Alexandra Marie Anne Bunitorisua and i am reviewing Bratz . I think that they -LRB- especially the TWEEBLES -RRB- are very ugly and wrong . What are movies trying to teach children these days ?!? That it is fine to graduate schools ? Girls should stay home and help their mothers until they are four teen , and then they get married and have children at fifteen . These movies are very bad for young girls because they make it seem like girls can particapate in sports , which they can not . That is my opinion and i hope you follow by it . its true.BRATZ ARE STUPID !!!!!
 MY SCENE ARE PUT WITH THE BARBIES AT THE STORE . BARBIE IS NUMBER ONE ! SHE HAS BEEN AND ALWAYS WILL BE ! AND AT THE STORE THERES WAY MORE PEOPLE BUYING MATTEL PRODUCTS ! 14 GIRLKS MIGHT OF LOOKED AT THEM , BUT 14 GIRLS MIGHT NOT OF BOUGHT THEM !
 This movie sucks ! I really hate those klutsy twins who call the braz `` losers . '' -LRB- What 's so cool about those twins anaway , since their constantally bumping into each other 's faces in the movie . -RRB-
 MGA COPIES EVERYTHING OFF OF MATTEL ! THE MY SCENE MOVIE IS WAY BETTER !!! THIS MOVIE HAS GOOD SONG IDEAS , BUT THE COPYING IS OUTTA CONTROL !!!
 MGA opies everything off of mattel . I wish they would stop doing that . Yhey could go back to cartoon animation , look different from mattel 's dolls , and stop copying off of MATTEL !!! That would be a nice change .
 I AM TIRED OF MGA COPYING MATTEL PRODUCTSTHE SONGS ARE GOOD BUT THE COPYING IS OUTTA CONTROLBASH THE COPYERS !!!
 she is totally 100 % right I do n't know anyone really who likes bratz i know more people who like my scene they wear real colors these dolls only wear red black and white get the my scene movie
 I love Bratz , and always play Bratz dolls and such . But this movie is horrid . Firstly they talk like they have no education at all -LRB- sort of like the reviewers on here , the person who wrote ` This movie rocked , so just admit it ' , in particular -RRB- and they sound so superficial . So just admit this movie is really gai . But the BRatz dolls are nice .
 Even Bratz or my scene are just dolls Understand?They are just fantasy and dolls you can have fun and play with.Even if I hate Bratz or you hate my scene.I do n`t know how the movie looks like , but I must see it.SARA SIBLINI !!!!!!!!!!!!!! YOU ARE A STUPID GIRL MICHELLE !!!!!!! STOP ME AGAIN.I DO N`T CARE ABOUT IT !!!!!!
 First of all this is the worst animation I 've seen in my life !!! There like what 14-16 and they look like they have fake lips ! Their hair is the worst !!! Overall ... . HATED IT !!!!
 What do you get when you pick together a few toymakers in China and a dvd player ? You get the Bratz Rock Angles Movie . I am a male and I have to say something about this horrible excuse for a 45 minute children 's movie . OR shoulds I say bad dressing tramps . That guy Hard Rocker Tom is telling the truth . And you want to know something else . I am Hard Rocker Tom . Why do n't you little kids grow up ? I am 14 years old and when your at that age I bet your still going to be whore worshipping jam faced little tarts . Hard Rocker Tom / Me is the one who reviewed Bratz Babies twin pack . Get a life kids . play outside or go ride a bike instead of watching and worshipping bratz toys and movies .
 The dolls look hideous , and are priced way too high ! So , based on the dolls , I 'm guessing that people that had problems with the dolls , are not going to buy this movie ! Bratz are such C D wasters !
 The dolls look hideous , and are priced way too high ! So , based on the dolls , I 'm guessing that people that had problems with the dolls , are not going to buy this movie ! Bratz are such C D wasters !
 These Bratz products are making little girls think that everything that ends in 's ' , ends in ` z ' . Could we get some correct grammer here ? Altleast My Scene is properly spelled !
 These Bratz products are making little girls think that everything that ends in 's ' , ends in ` z ' . Could we get some correct grammer here ? Altleast My Scene is properly spelled !
 These Bratz products are making little girls think that everything that ends in 's ' , ends in ` z ' . Could we get some correct grammer here ? Altleast My Scene is properly spelled !
 You can get it if you want to , but I would just like to say that I agree with the other bashers . Plus the last Bratz movie was pretty much only about fashion . What I agree with the most is that Bratz copies WAY TOO MUCH !!!
 You can get it if you want to , but I would just like to say that I agree with the other bashers . Plus the last Bratz movie was pretty much only about fashion . What I agree with the most is that Bratz copies WAY TOO MUCH !!!
 You can get it if you want to , but I would just like to say that I agree with the other bashers . Plus the last Bratz movie was pretty much only about fashion . What I agree with the most is that Bratz copies WAY TOO MUCH !!!
 You can get it if you want to , but I would just like to say that I agree with the other bashers . Plus the last Bratz movie was pretty much only about fashion . What I agree with the most is that Bratz copies WAY TOO MUCH !!!
 You can get it if you want to , but I would just like to say that I agree with the other bashers . Plus the last Bratz movie was pretty much only about fashion . What I agree with the most is that Bratz copies WAY TOO MUCH !!!
 This product is 10 years old that I did n't know it when i bought it . I wanted the version that you could play online for a short time . I do n't like how Vanna is on hosting too much and why does there have to be prizes on the wheel . I do n't care about the prizes and what I ca n't win anyways .
 The first two SUPER MONKEY BALL games were a blast.Easy to pick up , easy to learn , easy to handle - and yet , at times , harder than a diamond to master . It provided challenges , worthwhile frustration , and endless amounts of fun both alone and with a group of friends . It seemed that SUPER MONKEY BALL could do no wrong ... and then comes SUPER MONEY BALL ADVENTURE . This is my first MONKEY BALL on the PS2 and it 's a major disappointment . While the graphics are bright and colorful , and everything is as clear as a bell - from the sounds to the animations - the LOAD times on this game are awful . They seem to take forever . If you 're not the kind of person to read the instruction booklet , have it handy to pass the time while waiting for the islands to load ... you 'll learn something.Once you 're in the game the real horror begins . Instead of just presenting us with a light and tight story mode that moves us from one world of board challanges to the next -LRB- ala
 Since Sega 's Super Monkey Ball series debuted on the Gamecube way back when , the series has been noted for it 's insanely fun yet simple gameplay elements that has always made each installment such a blast to play . Enter Super Monkey Ball Adventure , which finds a new developer attempting to take the series in a new direction , with close to abysmal results . This time around , our favorite ball trapped monkeys are populating an interactive world with platforming elements . Maybe this would n't be so bad if the game had a fleck of originality to it , not to mention the incredibly touchy and frustrating controls , lagging frame rate , and painfully long load times . The only thing that saves Super Monkey Ball Adventure from the scrap heap is that the Party Mode mini-games are here , and for the most part they still offer fun , and definitely the most fun elements you 'll find overall in this game . If you want a really fun Super Monkey Ball game , look elsewhere at any of the older titles on any other system , because Super Monkey Ball Adventure is definitely not worth your time .
 ... however it does n't load.Like the previous comment , I can get the game loaded but the scenarios never load . I tried letting the computer run all night in an effort to load a scenario , but to no avial.Something is obviously wrong . At first I though it was my computer . I tried to run it on the other three computers in the house with the same results.The patch has been of no use.I 'm just grateful to find out there is nothing wrong with my computer . *** addendum *** I exchanged the game for another copy of the same game . The results were the same.So there is something obviously wrong with the program .
 The game does the initial load up , but will not load scenarios.End of story , no game play possible !!
 I 'll admit that the gameplay and graphics were incredible but the game as a whole was just to darn hard ! Nearly everytime i turned around i had to go to a website to find how to get out of someplace . It 's also too long . I perfer games like Mario where the levels are orginized with a map but here it 's just all laid out at once and it take you ten minutes to get from one side of the world to the other . For the serious gamers -LRB- the ones who collect Pokemon cards and dress up as Link for halloween -RRB- I 'd tell them to buy this but for the average games -LRB- who live a life outside of video games -RRB- I 'd highly recommend Mario 2 or Yoshi 's Island .
 What a waste of money , this game is the same thing as the one for the original gameboy . That one is probably half the price maybe less .
 I love Zelda games but this one was pubilshed for SNES , and GB . If you had GBs it would be useless ! ... Here are the ratings.Graphics 6.3 Sound 9.6 Hard 10.0 Likeable 5.9 Thats really all .
 anno 2004 , this game is depressingly ugly to look at , so ugly that it hinders my gameplay experience . the ratings for THIS zelda are far too high and imo only based on nostalgia . I have played -LRB- u -RRB- moria for hundreds of hours , so i 'm not the type that sees graphics as the most important aspect , but come on , zelda , no . link moves waaay too slow , the selection system is unintelligible . it may be that is was among the first rpg 's but that does not mean it is one of the best ! The story may be great but playability is too low to grab me at once -LRB- in contrast to phantasy star , which is really far better and about the same age -RRB- . my advice
 Well for the price being cheap thumbs up all the way . But having said that . I totally did n't know what I was buying . My assumption was it was a `` video '' electronic game and not a pack of video cards for a game . Rather wished I had known that when looking for cheap inexpensive electronic games for a gameboy for my special needs child . But a 5 star to seller for being quick and prompt for my order being delivered in a timely manor and packaged well . My over all review for the product it 's self was not what I was looking for . But thanks anyway .
 It ai n't the worst game ever , but do n't expect a lot from it . It could 've been a better game , but maybe they did n't put in enough time when designing it .
 This game is increadbly unrealistic , the graphics are horrible and its a disgrase to the twins AND to gamecube ! DO OT WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 I do n't know , this is n't the `` fantastic game '' I expected it to be . The `` missions '' are dumb , the game is dumb . I do n't get it , girls night out was a really fun game , I do n't know what they did that made them make such a bad game . For some reason , It Is n't that fun and exiting . Who ever is planning on buying it ... do n't buy it , It 's not worth it . You could use valuable money on something else .
 That 's why they put their names down on this low , low game . Save your money and save a panda .
 Do I need to really tell you why it 's a 1 star game !?
 It 's $ 9.50 . For a usb to mini usb cable . Other cables on this site do the same thing and go for .01 cent.Cables To Go - 27005 - 2M USB 2.0 A/Mini-B Cable -LRB- Black -RRB- As to why someone would by this is beyond me .
 ... It does n't support LIVE although it does support the other ... third party online play . If you have a PS2 its a good game . The graphics are n't great but the gameplay is good . If you do n't plan to play it online ... go for it . Seems like a pretty straight forward game . If you liked the other THPS games ... you will like this one .
 This is an extremely interesting concept for a game . I think the designers had a great idea , but did n't have the time or funding to pursue it much farther than it took to get it on the store shelf . We 're definitely NOT talking `` The Sims '' here . Or even Zoo Tycoon-The Complete Collection.Although I only played this game for a few hours , I found the early scenarios to be total no-brainers . I hate winning something in a minute and a half and not really knowing -LRB- and thus not really caring -RRB- how or why I did so.The free-form option is extremely disappointing , in my opinion . In fact , it is so structured -LRB- `` build style C of Building Z before you can even access style A of Building Y '' and so on -RRB- that it 's practically a pre-defined `` scenario '' in itself . When I have a free-form option , I actually expect to have some choices of what to do and when to do it . Like setting up a fully designed campus , for example , and trying to get it to work efficiently . Waiting the interminably long time that it takes to acquire cash -LRB- and the fact that one apparently has to maintain a low-grade English classroom -- for instance -- even while building a medium-grade one -RRB- makes progress and campus layout a real pain in the pants . An earthquake -LRB- in the game I was playing -RRB- did n't help when it resulted in damage that quickly ate up the $ 12,000 I had been patiently acquiring for other purposes . There is , apparently , no option for no disasters , just as there is apparently no option for setting the amount of starting funds or for designing a campus from scratch without reinventing the wheel each time , according to the designers set specifications . -LRB- If such options exist , I sure could n't find them . -RRB- The placement of certain objects is also a pain in the neck , especially trees and shrubs . And constantly moving or buying garbage cans is n't too realistic when it seems to become a necessity . Student and other `` thoughts , '' while humorous at first , often do n't convey anything too helpful . Why , for instance , would a student who apparently has a `` frowning face '' over his head have nothing but good to say about the school ? Whatever.All in all , perhaps more playing would allow me to increase my rating from two stars to three , but I do n't think I 'll be spending too much time working on the idea . There are other , far better simulations available . But I 'm sorry that such a promising and creative concept falls short of the very enjoyable simulation adventure that School Tycoon might have been .
 This game was my friend 's favorite , and I took his advice and bought it . It was really fun at first , but then I started to not be able to beat the Challenges and I went to the free campaign mode to play , and to make my school how I wanted . But then , the school is n't a school , it 's a bunch of land that you make separate buildings for different classes on . Then kids kept leaving becuase of no bathrooms ... even though there was one next to them . The cafeteria always had food poisoning . But the worst part of the game , the one that made this game a snoozer , was the fact that it was incredibly unrealistic . I mean , a roller coaster on a school campus ? A skate park ? A go kart arena ? You have way too much money to buy these things and the students do n't go to them . And then , there are deluxe buildings , which cost thousands , and people just do n't go to them.This game will trick you , so be careful . Do n't buy it , is my advice .
 I have Windows XP . If you have Windows XP , TAKE GREAT CAUTION ! I bought the game , and I installed it . I tried to load it the first time , and this blue screen came up , and my computer restarted -LRB- aka
 When I first got this game I was really excited . It 's a great idea and , if done right , it could even be my favorite game . But it was n't . The main reason for this is that in this game , natural disasters -LRB- earthquakes , fires , tornados -RRB- strike your school about every three or four days . They wreck some of your buildings and you have to give tons of money to replace them . There seemed to be no way to save money . You would think that there would be some option where you could turn disasters off , but I did n't see one , and there 's no other way to prevent them . I found myself getting very frustrated and having to reconstruct my school again and again . I would not get this game .
 I JUST GOT THIS GAME AND IT SAY IT IS LOADING AND PUT YOU BACK TO DESK TOP ... SAVE YOUR MONEY DONT BUY
 Its fun making the school and making people like you want but they have attitude problems . They look boppy and act boppy . Their always jumping on tables , blowing bubbles , and picking on other kids . It was a great idea , but the game was n`t so great . I recommend Zoo Tycoon and Rollercoaster Tycoon .
 I got this game from my birthday and at first I thought is was amazing . I always asked a to use it . But after several weeks It became boring . overall it has a good concept and has fair grafics . But building the school is very limited.pros
 School Tycoon is possibly the worst game ever made and certainly the worst Tycoon game ever made . I have been an avid gamer all my life and am working on a `` 100 Worst Games '' list so I can mail it to Entertainment Weekly , who can publish it for their next issue . Currently , School Tycoon ranks # 35 . Alot of people say Tabloid Tycoon is the worst of the Tycoon games . Well that 's bullshizzle , because while the graphics on that game were unbelievably bad , you could only edit nouns in other peoples ' stories for your newspaper , and all you really do is hire staff , write stories , assign people to them , and publish your newspaper , there was one good thing about TT that earned it a free pass off of my list -- the catchy music . It 's actually relatively good news compared to School Tycoon.This time , there is a purpose for running a school that is explained in a poorly animated opening video . When you start a new game , which takes about 5 minutes to load , the school is already built for you . It is already named , already determined what kind of school it will be , and is actually an outdoor school , which means that it will ALWAYS be difficult for junior high students , causing them to leave . Your school is already open , and people are itching to get in even when you have n't built anything . You can build things , but it is absolutely impossible to get funding for them ; whenever you peep into classrooms , the teacher has written a message on the blackboard saying that there are none of the necessary things that would be available by having funding . Nor can you even determine what they are supposed to be learning.My general procedure for my Bottom 100 list is
 I bought this game and got it to work pretty bug free on my computer . For the few of you who ca n't get yours to work , do n't bother because it was by far the simplest childish tycoon game I have ever played . This game is n't meant for anyone over the age of 10 so if your looking for a challange then just skip it . The most you can do with the game is build buildings and arrange them and that gets old after about 20mins . Do n't buy this game its a waste and if I could get my money back I would.On the flip side , if you 're buying this for a child then go for it . If you have a semi-new computer then you should have any problems running it . I would , however , recommend something more educational for a child . This is good family fun but you do n't learn much .
 This computer game would be fun ... If it did n't freze up every 3 min . I got this as a gift , and could n't wait to play it , once I had gotten it installed I started to play . It takes awhile to unlock things , and you have a limited budget . You do n't have much control over the people , you can send them to the nurse , give them detention , or expel them . After the first few minuets of playing this it froze up , after about a min . I could play again , but this kept happening , Which is why I gave it a 1 .
 Good concept , boring game play . Perhaps this game would be fun for a younger/less experienced Tycoon/Sim player , but if have played better games -LRB- The Sims , Zoo Tycoon , even Tropico -RRB- , then you will be thoroughly disappointed . You can not interact with the students and/or faculty . You basically place the buildings , spend money , and that 's it . Definitely not too interesting and limited game options .
 I just got this game about 3 days ago and I was really excited to play it . But everytime i try to play the game it will open and it will say that its loading , but then after about 5 minutes of loading it will exit out of the game .
 It is soooooooooooooooooooooo horrible . You think it is so good at first but then it just stops working . It is pretty dumb too because the game no matter what you lose . That 's no good . Picture this I 'm playing what a fun time then suddenly the darn thing stops working . Please save yourself don ' t get this game !!!!!!!
 I used to think THE SIMPSONS
 Do n't waste your money on this game !!! When I bought this game and brought it home I was very dissapointed with it . Not what I expected . BAD GAME !!!!
 This game does not work.Whenever you try to click on an object the computer freezes and will not respond . I did n't listen to the other warnings about this game , I paid $ 20 for it and I wasted my money . PLEASE LISTEN TO MY ADVICE DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !
 This game actually worked on my computer when i tried it i have to say , and ive been saying for many a year -LRB- dont i sound old ! -RRB- that someone should make a school tycoon game . This one however - whilst it may be the first one at least i know of to do it is - as you can see - riddled with bugs , for me it was mostly whenever a building began to smoke from not being fixed it would crahs the game . Apart from this the gameplay was farely average , but didnt ever really get past the simple ` build this , then build this and you can build this ' . So it got boring really quickly . Overall only 2 start , and i wouldnt recomend it - although at least i can actually say it worked which seems to be more than the others here !
 Hi . I 'm a 15 year old here to tell you about this game . When I bought School Tycoon at my school book fair a few years ago , I thought I would actually be able to CREATE my dream school . Boy was I wrong . Sure there 's classrooms , teachers , students , the basic stuff . But the creators left out one thing for this game
 Cute idea for a game , but ... where is the sandbox mode ? The game has tornado 's that come thru the town and destroy what you may have built , students leave and you run out of money . Game Over . The game should have a better sandbox mode -LRB- unlimited cash -RRB- .
 This is the worst game ever . In the immortal words of EGM `` Not even fork-tongued demon spawn Simon Cowell could come up with a put-down devastating enough for this game . Don , buy it , do n't rent it , and let us never speak of it again . ''
 The only reason to buy this game is so you can tell people you own the worst game ever created for the PS2 . Seriously , this game is even worse then Britney Dance beat.At least in their PS1 magic mall game the characers looked like Mary Kate and Ashley . This game is way too cartoony . On the box it says something like real games for real girls . What an insult . This game is as dumb as rocks . You play games like hide and seek with 4 people . I ca n't imagine that anyone could play an entire game without getting bored.graphics = 2.5 starsreplay value = 2 starscontrols = 4 starssound = 2 starsfun factor = 2 stars
 This is by far the worst game i have ever played or will probably ever play . i am miserable that i got it and i cant return it because i lost the pamphlet . I would rather not have it than have it at all it is so boring . if you want it , email me and i will give it to you for free . Please take it away from me !!!
 as a female gamer i understand the need for `` girl games '' etc. but these olsen games -LRB- the horse game , the shopping game , and now this -RRB- are all really boring and super easy . just because there are girls that want to play games does n't mean they need to be dumbed down . i suggest you get something else .
 Anyone notice what this game is listed under ? Well , at least for once a misplacement is correct . This is true horror . Not scary , but ... scary .
 Anyone notice what this game is listed under ? Well , at least for once a misplacement is correct . This is true horror . Not scary , but ... scary .
 What were they thinking ? It has little next to nothing to do with the Red Faction , which what was the original was all about . There is no real POINT to the game . and with all the twists and turns , you do n't know if you 're the good guy or the bad.And if all this is n't bad enough , they make it short . you can beat it in a two day time span . This is not worth -LSB- $ $ -RSB- I can assure you that much.While the game is somewhat fun , it is basically a different game . It only slightly mentions Red Faction a couple of times . You see a character or two of the Red Faction , and that 's about it.The game does n't take place on Mars either . That was half the thrill of the other one . You do n't really know what your going to run into in mines that are underground in Mars.The geo-mod in this game is okay , but there is a lot of mesh wiring under most surfaces , making it impossible to pass through.Rent this before you consider buying it . It will save you a heart attack wallet wise .
 I was , as well , a big fun of red faction.I agree with most of the other reviews ... the game just plain ... . What i do not understand is that everyone seems to appreciate the graphics - I though graphics on red faction 1 were much better . Not to talk about the dialogs , some very poor attempts to introduce humor in the game - annoying from the very first time you hear them , not to talk about having to listen to them over and over . The screams of dyig soldiers resemble more a parody - i can see the guys cracking up while recording those .
 First things first red faction 1 blows away dis game . This game has an extremely short single player , hard to follow plot , and is NOTHING like red faction 1 . Now ur tryin 2 stop some dictator named sopot but the plot wuz so boring i dont kno WHY they were fighting against him . Thers no ultor , mars , parker , none of it . Just some weird group of elite soldiers fighting against dis guy sopot . The single player wuz SO boring dat it took me almost 3 months to beat it ... and no not cuz its long . I played dis game for bout an hour or 2 when i first got it then shut it off . Then after 3 months i piked it up again and beat it , but the only thing dat kept me playin wher the guns . Its cool havin a grenade launcher/machine gun lik the rangers in black hawk down hav . But otha than dat dont buy dis game . If ur dat intrested in it rent it ... youll beat it in dat week anyway .
 This was one of the worst games I have ever played . I warn you DO NOT BUY THIS ! The graphics are horrible they are like PS1 graphics . I like the Halo controls where you use two joysticks but I hate the fact that the controllers are inverted . Overall this game is a 0.1 on a scale from 1 to 10 .
 I should have listened to my first instinct when I bought this game . I thought
 They did some things right that need to be done more often , like the controller setup left joystick moves forward/back strafe left/right , dual weapons with separate firing , dual weapons in general are good separate firing is something I had not seen before , use of grenades without switching from your guns to them , -LRB- kinda like halo -RRB- , and the geo mod thing is interesting but was never a selling point for me on this or the first.These improvements are very nice but they do not make up for its flaws , they seem to devolve from some of the best things red faction one ; Playtime and challengeThe length of 2 is much shorter than one , one took a full week , and was challenging the entire time , 2 was beaten in less than 2 days and the only challenging parts were some of the bosses , which only you had to try it a couple of times before you killed them , and the final boss was easier than the boss right before him.StoryThe story of red faction one had all sorts of twists we kept thinking we just have to do this next thing and it will be over but no it kept a step ahead you and unveiling some new segment just when you thought you were done , two has the one predictable plot twist . In 2 you are the invincible soldier whose duty is to kill everyone he sees , and this is your main goal throughout the entire game . In one you have diverse goals which usually had killing , just as a necessity for trying to get there alive.GameplayIn one there were a number of places where you could not kill all the enemies and it was suicide to try , in 2 while you are constantly being told the building is about to explode you can nonchalantly hunt and kill everything you encounter . In 2 you are called a demolitions expert but you are really a grenadier , in fact the controlled bombs from red faction one are replaced with automatic timed ones in 2 and you just loaded with explosive weapons , you could use only grenades and rockets through just about the entire game . The Mission objective in 2 is to kill sokov and then molov , you might as well be super assasin , oh yes there are side quests they tend to be destroy all vehicles or something else only the invincible Alias -LRB- god that 's a stupid name -RRB- can do . The levels which had been oddly shaped tunnels are gone in favor of completely straight roads and square buildings.They took what I thought were innovative ideas in red faction , and forgot about them to make yet another fps whose only innovation is improved graphics . They should have called this something else since it has pretty much nothing to do with red faction one , other than have the politcal `` radical '' group called red faction which couldnt take over a lemonade stand , yet everyone acts like they are some dire threat , and this political group has nothing to do with the red faction miners that were in RED FACTION one . It should have had a name that was accurate like `` Nano Soldier '' and then I wouldnt have been quite so disappointed , but then it wouldnt have had any hype for being a sequel and would have had to stand up on its own , and admit to being another drone in the faceless pantheon of first person shooters.I want a REAL sequel to red faction
 All that I really have to say is are there not enough wrestling titles ??? I mean seriously there have to be at least 20 wrestling games from the past 5 years . Sick ... . No seriously I think I might throw up . :-LRB- Has n't WWF made enough money on all of their sell-out items yet ?
 Do they even have hunting or know anything about it in Romania ? They cleary do n't know much about it which explains why your run out of breath after five seconds in the game and have to walk painfully slow 90 % of the time . Also you can walk around while you shoot which my dad would kick my ass for doing . It turns out Cabela 's Big Game Hunter , Cabela 's Deer Hunt 2004 , and Cabela 's Dangerous Hunts for the Playstation 2 , Xbox , and PC versions are all made in Romania . No wonder Sunstrom , the originator of the game went out of business here in Indiana . I was so pissed I returned this pile of garbage . Any self respecting American should do the same , or not buy any of these games in the first place . You think they could at least make a hunting game in the states . I 'm going to wait for Deer Hunter on the Playstaion 2 which is made in the good ole U.S.A. plus the PC version is way better than Cabela 's .
 Bad controls , bad driving , bad graphics , and bad loading . Do n't waste your money . Deer Hunter goes right where this game failed .
 When the ps2 was first released , this was one of the very first games to hit the shelf , because at the time ps1 was still booming , so there were n't many ps2 games . I got this game hoping it would be like Big game hunter ultimate challenge for ps1 . Cabela really should have took the time on this game . but they didnt , they seemingly just made it and threw it altogether without a thought but to gain profit . Now i aint downing Cabela because they make the best dad gum hunting games . but this was just horrible . I love to use the bow on hunting games , and the bullistics on this game are just impossible and make the game horrible . You have to get within 70 yrds with the compound for a clean kill , 30 with the recurve in real life . Sadly , they didnt seem to realize that the stealth meter is so lame , It was obviously made to be hunting with firearms . Rifles to be specific as the shotgun is about like shooting a handgun on that game . So let me refrain , give you a little idea of what your buying . First gun i used to go hunting was the 223 . handgun that shoots rifle loads . i crept up on a blacktail and glassed it with binoculars , at about 180 yrds . I was crouched , which is supposed to up your stealth meter , but unless you dont move , it drops real low even while crouched , so you 'd be better off running . the Buck was laying down with its back to me , i pulled out my pistol and realised i was too far away for a decent shot , i sprayed scent cover and crept forward . As soon as i pushed the analog stick the stealth meter dropped down and the buck up and bolted . Frustrated i fired a shot at it with the 223 . and bullet cam was on , so i got to watch the bullet go straight to the ground at the bucks feet as he bolted over the hill and into the blue . Leaving me to think how bad the ballistics on the game sucked and how that should of hit him . a 223 . doesnt begin to drop until 250 yrds . i was well within the range of a straight shot but failed , due to bad ballistics . The bow is impossible , you 'll never get close enough to actually hit your target , the game aint designed that way . Finally after too many failed shots to count , i began to just chase em ' down with the truck or atv and jump off right by em ' and pluck em ' like a madman with my 357 . which if thats cabelas game designers idea of close range hunting , thats extremely funny . However the 270 . rifle and sly planning led to me nearly beating even this impossible caper of a game . It was designed for hunting with the rifle , But people want a variety of firearms so Cabela thought , Hey , Bows and handguns ! well , they dont work . They will kill , its just you better pray for a lucky shot . HoweverCabela 's Dangerous Huntsdefinately corrects the stealth and ballistics problem . you can actually Bow hunt and enjoy it . I was stalking a Whitetail with the recurve , and i stopped to scope the deer with the binocs , when all of a sudden from behind i heard rustling leaves and by the time i turned i became the hunted by a 1,000 pd Grizzly . i try to shoot it but it was right on me so i pulled out my knife and attempted to fight it , only to end up retreating to the water , waiting for him to charge again ... PURE ADRENALINE THAT GAME IS ! Cougars , to wolf packs to Rhino attacks in africa . Your definately on edge . Dont buy this big game hunter , it stinks . But if you want to see a better of cabelas works , buy dangerous hunts .
 this game was what was showing for sale , but the game played like a cheesy 90 's version game and did not like it at all .
 orderd this game and it says 2007 on ther product info but when i got it it was 2002 unhappy
 The game is very frustrating . With the default equipment you get tired very quickly with every character . I know they are trying to be realistic but realistically you would need a truck to carry half the basic set of equipment . You get tired just walking up a little hill and you walk extremely slow most of the time . The hunting areas are really small , it is like hunting in somebody 's backyard . You can easily trap the animals against the hills and they run in circles until you kill them , which is not much of a challenge . You also have to wait for the game to load all the time . You walk just a few hundred feet and then have to wait for the LOADING ... . To further add to the frustration , you frequently slide down the smallest hill and it says you are too injured to go on , and yes , you guessed it , more of that LOADING ... . Also , if you walk or slip into the water you ca n't get out and guess what , yes , you guessed it again , LOADING ... . Like if that was not enough , you will get in trouble for shooting near a building . You do it twice and , oh , the suspense is killing you , I know it ... . LOADING ... . ARRRGAHHH !!!! I could go on , and , well , I think I will . When you use the vehicles they are really hard to drive . Most of the time I get stuck in trees or drive off a cliff or into the water and LOADING ... . They should change the name of this game to Cabela 's LOADING ... . All I wanted to do was some hunting . My final thought is RETURNING ...
 Do n't be fooled by the long detailed and positive reviews . Donna Johnston from NY is listed in the credits of all the Cabela titles as the QA Lead . Why is she giving her review on the games she worked on which you see on every Cabela game ? It looks like Activision is paying their employees to write reviews for them . This game has poor graphics and is tedious and boring . There are much better hunting games out there Do n't waste your money on their falsely advertized garbage .
 X-Men
 X-men The Next Dimension for the Xbox is a fighting game where you get to fight with your favorite X-man character . The major ones included are
 This is barely passable to be rated as a game.Theres good reasons why games and comic books should not mix and this is one of them.In the game for some characters the player ca n't do some of the moves as good as the CPU , and the moves do not respond to the D-pad on time.And there are several glitches in the game as well for instance ; As I was in practice mode in some arenas the player or opponent can fall threw walls or in some areas where there are big holes in the floor where you can actually walk on them and not fall , or get trapped in a wall . And as if that was not bad enough they did a pore job on the blocking move , it too dose not respond on time . They have where you can reconfigure your controls on the game -LRB- Yeah , a lot of good that dose . -RRB- But you still do n't have the blocking move to where you do n't have to strain the hell out of your fingers just to do one stupid move.And as for the affects , its a joke and I 'll give you an example ; In the game Blood Roar Extreme , the lighting in the game looks far more real as to X-men Storm 's lighting balls , they look more like balls of yarn . And there fighting stances are just flat out bad . Some players can float just over there heads witch does n't make sense because not only that , you ca n't really hit them anymore and it gives your enemy an open shot at you.To sum it all up , X-men next dimension was just another sloped together , slapped a label on , copied , and ready to make a buck off of it . They do n't care about making a good quality product . Just as long as they get your money . And did I mention that you ca n't save your progress in the game ?
 I was really looking forward to an X-Men fighting game . Unfortunately it is a very poor game . While the graphics are good the rest is bad . Sure there are lots of characters but the stiff movements look and play bad . The AI is outrageous on this game , even on easy - the computer can do tons of damage while you struggle just to hit . And many of your hits never do damage . It is a very frustrating game . It is on par with old fighting games - very old ones . Even the 3D is limited . Very sad for X-Box . If you think you are interested in this game , do your self a favor and RENT it first - do n't waste -LSB- your money -RSB- to find out how bad it is .
 You must be a real Nerd who enjoys childish games . Go back to playing Nintendo and leave the X-box to the big boys.Shame on whoever approved the release of this game ! It is a disgrace for X-men and X-box alike .
 This game is pure crap . The graphics are not outstanding by any stretch of the imagination , the controls are awkward , and the difficulty setting is frustrating . There are times your opponent starts pounding on you , and you ar n't even able to get a hit in before the match is over . The game CAN be beat , but it 's not worth the time you 'll need to invest to do so . I was really hoping for this game to be more , but it is n't .
 No game guide comes with it and no tutoral to help you along . You are unable to zoom in close to see how things fit when building your ship . Seems to be a very cheap version of a TYCOON game .
 I have every single tycoon game possible ... even the bad ones ... And this one is just like Cruise line tycoon except worse !!! Please do me a favor and dont buy it !!
 Yup . It 's pretty much like any other tycoon . Granted , I have not played the game in several years - since I bought it , really - but I remember being bored by it . And that was in the middle of my tycoon craze , so that tells you a lot .
 This game makes you want to throw up by the bad graphics and because of what the people look like and they do n't even help you on this game.I suggest you throw this game away and you would rather be in prison than play this game .
 This is one of only two games I have ever thrown away.Maybe it was because I had to figure it out on my own , but I just could n't get a handle on it.Give me Sims any day .
 I had bought the game on account of the fact that the previews and trailer etc mae this game look like a blast . I found out differently when I bought it . This game is nothing more then a cricket version of frogger . The controls the views the storyand let alone almost every aspect of this game is a disgrace to xbox and to all other consoles for which this game is produced
 This game is as somone else said this game is basicly frogger , with a criket . I would n't spend money on this again . Alot of free games that are online are a lot better than this game .
 Do n't buy it ! Now , do n't get me wrong ... there is much to like about this game . the background is great , the characters are fabulous , and the control is not actually t makes this game absolutely terrible is the AI . As you progress through the story mode or arcade mode , you 'll come up on random characters that you just cannont beat -LRB- sentinel A and havok come to mind -RRB- . the computer is mind-boggingly cheap , throwing out combos and blocking everything , even on easy . Rent the game , get the `` unlock everything '' code , watch the movies , and take it back .
 The short version
 orginally , the idea of an x-man title had a strong appeal . however , this game 's lack of fluid movement and disappointing game play quickly became a frustration . the animation is choppy at best . while the characters had potential , they just did n't come alive . also , the load time between stages is abismal . finally , the chacters were n't well balanced . i would definately think about renting this game , but avoid purchasing it .
 Mech Assault is a terrible game . The graphics are below the low-end for X-box , this game would n't even impress a PS2 owner.The sound is completely horrible and annoying , you hear the constant squealing of your mech 's legs as you walk , and you have to stop and wonder to yourself `` what in the hell is that annoying screeching sound ? `` The gameplay is so simple , you basically find an enemy , and you both circle around eachother seeing who can unload the most missles in the shortest time period . You do n't even have to aim , so there 's no skill involved.This game is a complete waste of your time and money , do yourself a favor and pass on `` Mech Assault ''
 I got this game thinking that it would kind of be the new halo for me . Get a few friends over and play head to head , seeing who could do the most damage . Maybe get my friend with another xbox link em ' up and play with 8 people and really see the carnage fly . But NO ! This game has xbox live and that 's nice but I was hopeing to play with my friends with out a hassle . The biggest drag for this game is that while there are four controlers you can plug into the xbox you can only use two of them in multiplayer . I do n't know this before I bought the game and if I had known I would n't have gotten it . UNLESS YOU HAVE MORE THAN ONE XBOX YOU CAN ONLY PLAY WITH ONE OTHER PERSON !!!! I know about xbox live but I like playing against friends more than strangers . Then theres the fact that in campain mode you do n't get to play with two people -LRB- but I realize that halo may have spoiled me and it 's a relitivly minor concern because multiplayer is the most important mode -RRB- . Annother problem with this game is that the screens split not horizontally but vericlally giveing you the worst and most restricted view when playing against your ONE opponent . The worst part about it is that asside from those problems that I have enumerated this is a very nice game . Maybe the developers thought that there would n't be enough space to see very well with the screen split into four so decided to only let two people play with the screen split in half . But they should n't have limited it heres an idea WHY NOT LET US DECIDE WE IF WE WANT TO SPLIT THE SCREEN FOUR WAYS , IF WE DO N'T LIKE IT WE WO N'T PLAY THAT WAY , DO N'T JUST MAKE IT SO WE CA N'T PLAY WITH FOUR PEOPLE !! As you can imagain I am very frustrated with this game , I would gladly pay an extra $ 20 - $ 30 just to let me have four players THEN ATLEAST I COULD HAVE A TEAM BATTLE WITH MY FRIENDS !
 I work in the electronics department at a store , and a customer had purchased Mech Assault , and wanted to return it because it was n't working right . We tried it in the demo Xbox , and although it was n't defective in any way , I can tell you that this game is not at all user friendly . Controlling the robots is not an easy task . You can move them forward , backward and side to side , -LRB- in kind of a side step sort of way -RRB- with the left stick , but you are only controlling the bottom half of the robot . The top half rotates 360 degrees , and pans up and down with the right stick . But before you can make any movement with the right stick , you have to stop moving using the left stick , therefore , you ca n't run and turn at the same time . It 's very cumbersome . We never did figure out how to fly . I went through the game manual and found it to be useless as far as the controls of the game . To me , a game is n't fun if you ca n't easily control the main character . My customer did n't think so either ... we allowed him to return the game for another title because we all thought Mech Assault was so bad .
 If you look at how many people are selling this game used you can tell that it stunk . Anyone who is a hard core MechWarrior fan will agree with me . The idea for MechWarrior by the orignal game designer was a game to be played on a COMPUTER with a JOYSTICK and not a gamepad . Also the to fire the PPC you should n't have to hold the butten to let them recycle , you should be able to fire right away . -LRB- this feature should really be for the bombast laser -RRB- . The one thing that I did like about this game is that the weapons are made by different conmanies ie arrow IV missles . TO sum it up this game fall short of expatations and Microsoft should do something about it .
 This is the most boring game I 've ever played . I got really sick of blowing up buildings after the first 10 minutes . Going on line was even worse . You pretty much just run around in circles trying to kill people . I do n't know how this won the Game of the Year award . Maybe it 's fun for little kids , but for anyone who 's enjoyed a game like Tribes , I think you 'll find Mech Assault to be extremely boring .
 I first rented this game before I had Live just to see how it played , and I was dissapointed . There were no midlevel saves and it was long and tedious to destroy enemy mechs.Now that I have Live , I decided to rent it again since almost all critics seem to praise this title as the best Live game available . I can honestly say that these folks have never played anyother Live game such as Ghost Recon or Unreal Championship !!! Though online is better , it does suffer from the same aspects as the single player mode , it is way to hard to destroy mechs . It is a good idea to play through the single player campaign to unlock the stronger mechs and so you can see the stats of other mechs available , but it will end up being more of a stuggle than fun . Also , the enemy can always hear what you say on Live , which elliminates a large amount of potential strategy , but does allow for stronger communication to others . You can press a button to talk only to teammates , but very few bother with this.This game is n't compltely bad though , playing mutiplayer and watching 8 mechs explode in your face is quite entertaining . And there is alot of potential to this title . Some improvements I 'd like to see in MechAssault2 would be 1st person perspective -LRB- sense of size would be better -RRB- , a health bar over opponents so you can see how much life they have left , midlevel saves , and voice chat switched so you always talk to your team and have to press a button to talk to enemies.Eventhough if you ask people online which XBL game they feel is best 99 % say Ghost Recon , many people here seem to enjoy this title . So maybe I 'm not seeing what they are . I reccomend picking up GR with your Starter Kit and if you have a few extra pennies , go with Unreal as well . But at least save this one for a rental .
 First of all , let me say that I 've never played any other Mech game , but I 'm sure most are better than MechAssault . The game has some good points such as the graphics , which are very good , and the animations of the Mechs exploding and the buildings collapsing , but that 's basically where the enjoyment ends . The single player is frustrating . You have to earn your mechs and you ca n't custimize them one bit . The best way I found to kill opposing mechs is to run around in a circle around them and keep shooting . The jump jets last too little to be effective and the online gaming is boring . You could litterally hold the trigger button and fall asleep and still have a very high chance of winning . You 're initial ammo is infinite but you can pick up power ups to get stronger finite ammo . Health power ups rarely fill up your health bar the whole way and you have to find 4 or 5 to get back to full health . Basically the game is shallow and boring . Its just pretty graphics . You run and shoot . You cant custimize you cant stratigize or anything . Not to mention the people online are -LSB- bad -RSB- . If you want real strategy and real fun , pick up ghost recon or Halo and if you dont have xbox live , use XBconnect -LRB- look it up on google -RRB- . It works for almost any game that has system link compatibility and its free .
 I 've been waiting for this game to come out for some time now , and I have to say that I 'm very disapointed . To be fair , it 's ok , but the cons far outweigh the pros . I hate frustration in a game . The fact that if you fail a mission , anywhere in the mission , and you have to start completely over is b.s. Especially if that mission took you over half an hour to get that far . No checkpoints . Sorry , but HALO got me quite used to them . It goes on from there . After all the anticipation , I 'm so disgusted I ca n't see straight . I 'm going to list mine on eBay to sell it as soon as I 'm done with this review . Save your money and try to find it used . Better yet , just rent it . I 'm just gon na wait for HALO 2 to come out . So much for hype .
 I was anticipating the release of this game on the Xbox for a while and quite honestly was let down after only playing the first couple of levels . The last time I played a `` Mech '' game was on PC many years ago and remember having hours of fun , but this game just does n't create the same interesting challenges as it predecessors on the PC . The game lacks the need for strategical planning . I also miss the customizing and ability to attack weakening points on a mech such as a leg or weapon . It would of been nice to have given me the option of viewpoints . I would much rather play a mech game from the first person perspective than a third . More missing features are lack of customizing your own controllers -LRB- If you can invert the Y axis , for heaven sakes , let us invert the X axis as well ! -RRB- , check points , mech training , Enemy mechs power levels -LRB- How much more do I have to do to kill this guy ! -RRB- , and weapon customization . I left two stars on my review for the possibility that Live play may be worth the buy , but I ca n't comment cause broadband is n't available in my area . So , save yourself the time and money and rent before you buy on this one . I wish I 'd have .
 This game is actually an okay game to play once in a while . The controls are intuitive , well placed and the graphics are outstanding.My problem lies in the gameplay . It takes absolutly no skill whatsoever to play this game . You have rockets which automatically home in on their targets , so it takes no skill to shoot other people , and it takes no skill from other people to shoot you . Such as the mechs are slow moving , you might as well be just standing still and shooting each other to see who dies first.If you are used to First Person Shooters , and like the speed , agility and skill in a game , this one is not for you .
 There is an important feature missing from this game that was promised before it was released
 I bought this game to play on the xbox 360 . I checked the compatability list from MS and they said it worked . They lied . It wont even boot up . Just gives an error . IF you have an orig xbox , your golden . The 360 and live though , not a chance .
 i just bought this for the xbox media center mod with the action replay and i needed a certain one version
 This is n't a bad game and I 'm sure people new to the series will enjoy it . But be warned if you 're looking for the type of gameplay you 'd expect from a ` mech game -LRB- mechwarrior 3 & 4 -RRB- you are out of luck . You can not mod your ` mech -LRB- thats right not at all -RRB- . In most missions you ca n't even choose which mech to go into battle with . Phantom Crash might be a better choice for those of you out there that enjoy a little more freedom in gameplay . The only reason to purchase this game is if you have XBOX live , otherwise you 'll soon be bored of the 19 levels this game has to offer .
 Maybe I 'm the only person in the world tjat did n't know this wo n't work on the XBox 360 , and tp think I traded my old XBox so I could play the newer version of Halo ! Hexes on M$ , that 's why I only run Macs now .
 If you have played the original Mech Warrior on the PC DO NOT waste your money on this one!I grew up playing FASA 's Mech Warrior on the PC . Too bad FASA went out of business and Micro $ oft bought some of their games.The only thing this game has in common with the original game is in the name and concept ; as far as game play is concerned it SUCKS ! Mech Assult is no where near what the original PC game was and is a total disappointment.I have found that a lot of games that are supposed to be so great on the XBox are a disappointment when compared to the older PC and Play Station-1 games . Yes the graphics on the XBox are great but the content is lacking ; too bad some of the old game programmers are not around anymore to write games for the XBox , it could be so great but ...
 nothing like the pc sim . Maker should not have put it in the `` Mech '' line of games , maybe a better title would be Robot Attact for Kids . This is a kiddie game . ` nuff said .
 This game has some good qualities : graphics - very good , especially explosions and weapon effects - 4.5 sound - pretty good effects , but horrible musiclots of mechs.that 's all I can think of , here is what I do n't like about the game.Simplicity - The game has depth , but everything is so simple . There is no reason why custom mechs where left out , people with xbox live are more likely to be adults and own computers than anyone other audience . There are only four buttons you need to use , and while learning tactics of a certain mech will take time , the gameplay overall does not change.Complete Lack of modes - You 'll be lucky to see anyone play the game Not It . The only 2 modes availible are deathmatch/team deathmatch . That is ridiculous for an online game today . Basically all it is kill everyone , while that is how unreal plays modes like bombing run and double domination are very appreciated once learned . Gets old fast . Speaking of lacking , the selection of maps is terrible , there is around 6 , a few which are very similar to eachother.Horrible Balance - Adding to my thoughts that the game was rushed , the Mad Cat is the most overused and cheesiest mech on xbox live . How can you have a mech with DUAL ppc 's , quad rockets , and a high machine gun , WITH Target Jamming !! The fun of going online has been eliminated for me , because all you see is people with no skill use ragnarok 's and mad cat 's all the time . The game can be fun when people choose mech 's that take expirience to play.Buggy xbox live support - who 's ever heard of an online game that kicks everyone out after every round ... or one that kicks out someone every other time in team destruction . or one that lets you hear the opponents speech in team destruction . play this to find out.One player mode is no good - It really takes 4 hrs . gametime not counting repeats to get through it , and really I have n't even cared to finish it , it 's just so boring and scripted -LRB- will anyone learn from halo -RRB- . Microsoft should not be releasing PC style online games on a console unless they have a solid one player game , because really under 5 % of xbox owners have access to xbox live . -LRB- the 2-player game is n't fun , why not include bots or something ?? -RRB- And the final straw which motivated me to write this review , as of 2/1 none of the promised january downloable content has shown up , something in my opinion this game really needed .
 This game will definitely frustrate the gamer who expects more bang for their buck . I never seen the movie but I imagine the game captured it well.Let 's see what we got here for the Cube : Graphics6 out 10-Not bad but not much detail in the way the characters look . You do get various clips from the movie itself.Sound5 out 10-Sound was ok , the music and the speech does tend to repeat itself which can get annoyingGameplay4 out 10 - Definitely the game 's weakest suits . There could have been more powerups . Some levels seem stacked against you unless you literally play them perfectly.Another thing that annoyed is the missions that you lead the convoy . That started off fun but there should have been more flexibility . For example , if you stray to off the path , you lose , if one of your men die , you lose . Again they do n't allow much leeway here and this cuts into the fun.The Storm Front level and Bullfight which started of as fun levels became annoying because of this . No matter how you configure the pad you are likely to become frustrated with the controls.One fun thing here is that the halfway point of the game -LRB- Origin of the Species -RRB- you can play as the Dragon here.Closing Thoughts - Well not much replay value here . All I saw a message about clips from the movie and a music video . A bare bones type of game which is a shame considering it 's based on a movie.It 's definitely a game that I would rent first and if I really enjoyed then buy .
 this game if realy hard . and its not fun you have to play as hummans to unlock dragons . as a human you kill dragons and vice a versa . the game has a bad story and poor camera controls . making it hard . nothing notable about the game itself .
 How can you make an M rated game after a crummy PG-13 movie !? Give me a break .
 This is for installing cheats into the Nintendo handheld games . If that is what you want to do , then go for it . Otherwise this is a waste of money .
 No Use getting this . I would give it a 0 but I ca n't ! -LRB- Sob -RRB- I am a 12 year old kid and I know this is for adults only . Only games are classic games . All the games are already in the e-reader probably because the dots -LRB- I think -RRB- only activate the game . That 's why no more new e reader cards are coming out right now . No need to get this for gamecube games to unlock stuff , it stinks ! Classic games like Donkey Kong JR is n't the Super Nintendo one , it 's the 1982 one . And games classics like Manhole , an ugly name , nasty name actually . THIS WORKS FOR GBA SP . The guy who said it does n't is dumb ! This is DESIGNED for GBA Original and also connects through the link cable slot but for GBA SP , the flip flop needs to be opened to insert or else if it 's closed , and you push , there will be a link cable dent on GBA SP . Open GBA SP and insert for it to work . PS
 its been since decemerand still have not recevied my items.whats going on i orderd thid for christmas and still not here.pleas help
 I got this gadget dingydoo for 5 bucks at Blockbuster and thought it would be a good deal . I figured out why this game was only 5 dollars . I did n't get a complete set of the Donkey Kong thing . I got 6 cards but 2 were just dang repeats . So , I ca n't play that . The cards ca n't be scanned easily and often take about 10 tries to make it actually work . The Pokemon cards you scan through only gives you info you already have on the card and the Animal Crossing cards are useless if you do n't have a Gamecube . Manhole stinks because it is no fun . And yes it does work on the GBA SP , some people say it does n't , but I guess they just do n't have an SP or used it on their Gamecube without one of those link cables . So , you either ca n't play something , ca n't play something fun , or look at information that you can get by looking at the stupid card . But , with a price of $ 5.00 , -LRB- at Blockbuster -RRB- I have no choice to give this stupid piece of junk a worthless 2 .
 Resident Evil has one awesome game in it 's franchise , and that 's Resident Evil 2 , and one awesome intense extension to it in Resident Evil 3
 The music and graphics are great in this game , but there is one MAJOR problem
 I see a lot of 4 and 5 star reviews on this game . I dont know maybe there playing another game because from what I see from this game is not at all impressive . While the concept and graphics of the game is good , the control of this game is where it falls way WAY short . Controlling your characters is a task in itself and are too cumbersome , simply walking/running in narrow areas can get frustrating , I wo n't even going into aiming to kill birds that fly off the screen only to come back and attack you from the entirely other direction . I do n't know if this was done intentially to make the game harder than it really is , but it works !! On top of that the characters seem slow to respond to your actions , when your trying to pick something up , you have to press the button and wait to see if it responds , you press the shoot button , and your characters just stand there while getting attacked , when your attcked by something an get pushed to the previous screen , you can still be attacked even though you ca n't see where it is so you can shoot it . Top this off with barely enough ammo to kill the cheesy zombies that grab you and take 7 shots to kill with the pistol . I 'm sure the controls take some getting used to , but this game is just too boring to want to learn the controls . The game it self moves entirely too slow and it littered with too many useless and corny cut screens . Cut screens when you pick up something , cut screens when you walk up or down stairs , cut screens when you climb a ladder , cut screens when you open a door , cut screen when you switch character controls . And if the game was n't already SLOW enough , text goes across the screen slooowly and there is no way to make it go faster . `` A. . R. . E.T. . H. . E. ... F. . A. . I. . N. . T. ... S. . O. . U. . N. . D. . S. ... O. . F. ... F. . O. . O. . T. . S. . T. . E. . P. . S. ... T. . H. . O. . S. . E. ... O. . F. ... S. . U. . R. . V. . I. . V. . O. . R. . S. ? '' is NOT something I want to sit through EVERY SINGLE time I load a game.I 'm so glad I did n't pay full price for this game ... If this game had fewer cut screens was more faster paced and most importantly , had controls like Xbox 's Splinter cell , then maybe this would be a very good game . But as it stands , my second GameCube game is a waste of my time and money . I guess I was spoiled by my Xbox 's splinter cell and even my game cube 's Metroid Prime . And to think I thought splinter cell was cumbersome when I first played it . HA ! Do n't waste your money unless you absolutely LOVE the resident evil series .
 Like the headline says , but the fact that I have been playing this story for over 8 years now makes this a waste of time . I turned it off after an hour . Enough said . Buy Resident Evil 4 , its the best one since the Original . Maybe the best of all .
 no item boxes , stupid 2-person partner system that will kill your partner and end the game easy even if you are the mack dad . i bought a gamecube for this ??? after alienating us all by giving nintendo the exclusive rights to the best game franchise , this really is the nail in the coffin for capcom and the RE series . the graphics are amazing though . i 'm not slagging this of for no reason either , i am the biggest RE fan in the world .
 i love biohazard/resident evil . unfortunately , capcom changed a few things that were staples of RE
 Resident Evil Zero did not live up to its hype . Graphic wise I think its great but gameplay can get boring at times . Some parts meay leave you stuck looking for puzzle answers instead of having some action . If you have n't played any Resident Evil game or Eternal Darkness then I suggest that you play ED first before playing RE0 just so you could appreciate a good game . - Another note , when you do n't make use of bullets effieciently the game is pretty much over , while on the other hand in ED you can always use magic , swords , maces ect .
 I 've been a on again off again fan of RE for some time now . I like the concept of the games , but I just do n't like the games . RE 2 and every game after it was just too boring . Code Veronica for Dreamcast was the best of the lot in my opinion , so that upped my memories of the games a little bit . Sadly , upon playing RE for the Gamecube , all the truth about this series came flooding back . I rented it for five days , played it for two.First off , this game just is n't scary anymore . RE2 could creep me out like nothing since the original Alone in the Dark . This game however , just feels so `` been there , done that . '' . The first zombie I met I tried to shoot and kill , big mistake . Surprise , it killed me despite being pumped with several rounds from my handgun . So , annoyed , I restarted . This time I ran &#65533; and that worked . After reading up in some walkthroughs , I found out that you spend the vast majority of your time doing just that , running . `` Survival Horror '' . I was depressed . None the less , I figured I 'd give it a try . For two days I ran from everything in sight . I tried not to chuckle at the `` horror '' of it all , and kept running . Even when I finally got the firepower to fight back a little , the game had lost appeal . And of course I use the word `` firepower '' very lightly , ammo is rarer than gold in just about any RE game out there , and of course you 'll never get a useful unlimited hand to hand fighting tool except for your worthless survival knife . Why ca n't your character effectively shoot them in the head ? Just give me some dang weapons and the ability to use them!I really ca n't see why anyone would enjoy a game of this type . I ca n't see the appeal to anyone but the most casual gamer or hardcore horror fan . My advice , avoid this one completely . If you 're a big RE fan , rent it . But do n't buy it without trying it first or you may regret it . - Rirath_com
 After playing this game , I was left with the feeling that they are running out of ideas . The fact that you are forced to control two characters is innovative , and at the same time detracts from the Resident Evil experience , because you are no longer alone , which is part of what made previous titles in the series so scary . All around it 's just an uncreative game . They attempted to make up for lack of good puzzles by throwing tons of enemies at you , which you of course do n't have enough ammo to kill them all , so you 're going to take a lot of damage . Rent this one at the most .
 I have not played this game , but looking at the screenshots it looks like yet another sidescroller.Sidescrollers , other than crazy drake are -LRB- bad -RRB- .
 i got it for13 dollers and its not worth it , bad graphics , bad story , bad and hard controls , and finaly this game is boring !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! p.s. it s boring !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I want to warn anyone reading this review . Do n't buy it . Do n't even rent it . I rented it and I wished I had n't . This game is so bad . Myabe it is n't bad for some other gaming systems , but for GameCube it is bad . I like to play any game with the control stick on the controller . I do n't know anyone who prefers the little plus-sign directional pad over a control stick . Well , if you plan on jumping at all -LRB- which is necessary to any fighting game -RRB- do n't plan on using the control stick . For some reason , some programmer thought it would be a good idea to make the stick useless and go back to the old school directional pad . Dumb idea.It was also very stupid for them to put the moves in the pause menu . This is a pain . Overall , there are much better fighter games . I am not into fighter games but I wanted to try this one because it was X-Men . Well , except for the obvious license . This could have very well be any other generic fighting game .
 I wanted to like this game ; I really did . I love the X-Men series and love my Gamecube . However , this game was n't even good enough for me to convince myself that I could pretend to enjoy it . It 's simply a bad game.The controls are incredibly awkward , first of all . Even on the easiest setting , it was so clunky that I could n't figure out how to put together any type of offense . Despite my frustrations , I really tried to get a feel for the controls . Sadly , it never happened.The game 's only redeeming quality is the roster of X-Men it contains . I 'm a huge fan of Gambit and Beast , and after not seeing them in the first two X-Men movies , I was excited about their inclusion in this game . It 's just too bad that the game was n't worthy of them.Definitely rent this before you buy it . Do n't waste your money like I did .
 I have grown up with X-Men , Rogue , and Wolverine are my two favorite comic characters . I have over 30 years worth of back issues , and I am still hunting down issues I have yet to get.Good X-Men games have been few and far between , however . Sega had two great ones , the Super Nintendo had a half decent one by Capcom , and of course ever since then every game with the X-Men label was a fighter game , which is kind of sad because I 'd love to have a 3D action , or platform , or even RPG with the X-Men license . The Capcom fighters have all been great , fast , furious button crunchers with great collision detection , sensitive blocking , and over all tight control . Activision 's `` Mutant Academy '' series has been pretty lackluster in comparison , but the series ' third installment showed a great deal of promise.I had ruled out the PS2 version some time ago , the decision was between the XBox version , and the GameCube version , meanwhile I had been reading many unfavorable or lukewarm reviews of both versions . Eventually the GameCube 's extensive game play options won me over . The GCN version has things like Time Attack mode and such not found in the Xbox version , while the Xbox version has one character not available in the GameCube version ... ultimately I should n't have bothered ... The games graphics are downright horrible ... These are not the X-Men ! Even worse , Patrick Stewart 's Professor X aside , the voice acting is so terrible I cringe ... even play with the sound on my TV muted ! These are not my X-Men ! I wonder how hard it would have been to hire the voice actors from the original cartoon series like Capcom did ? More importantly , collision detection is sub par , blocking is futile because no matter how hard you hold back you 'll take the beating , and this aint no button masher ! You must enter precise movements to get anything to work , something that seems archaic in today 's fighters.Don ' t get me wrong , this games a step in the right direction for Activision 's series , but it 's not that big of a step . While its better than the previous Mutant Academy games it still ... -LSB- falls short -RSB- . Whether you have a PS 2 , XBox , or a GameCube steer clear of this one . Like Star Wars , good X-Men games are few and far between . At best , be smarter than I was and rent this game first .
 I 've never liked seeing people who give bad reviews to good things , but trust me , I know alot about video games . Despite other reviews , this is a horrible game . The fighting is jerky and has no real movement to it . The style of fighting and how could I forget , the worst controlls for any fighter game I 've ever played . Trust me . Wait til August and get Soul Calibur II.Once again , I hate seeing bad reviews for good games , but this is a good review technically . Normally I would give it a zero , but thats not a choice so it gets more than it deserves .
 If your buying this game for the actual volleyball , DONT . . It 's real bad . I have been playing beach volleyball for 10 year -LRB- Miami Beach -RRB- . It dose not come close at all to the real thing . It only has the concept of the game . I can put it this simple ; it 's so bad that it does not have and out of bound line . There is no tourney just pick up games . . It 's that simple . Way to easy , 2 buttons control the whole game all u can do is spike and dink o and handset . No cuts shot or deep shots . The girls only talk in Chinese with translation line in the bottom . I could not find a way to make them speak English . Well enough trashing . Lets look at one and I mean one good thing , the graphics are awesome . So if want to get a cheap thrill of a cartoon then get it . But its way cheaper to surf the Internet and get better pictures for free .
 This is volleyball ? The actual volleyball part of the game is When I hear the title `` XTREME '' Volleyball , I want solid gameplay , but you get none of that . And what makes it extreme anyway ? Sure the bodacious babes are a big plus , but the gameplay relies on just hittin the ball over the net with 2 buttons and hoping you get points . I just felt the lack of interaction . Heck , Tecmo didnt ' even bother to apply the scoring rules to this volleyball game . Only A and B buttons are used . There are basically only 2 things you can do on offense , hit the ball up in the air for your partner , then spike it over the net . Fun ? Um , not hardly . The computer basically decides the matches and who wins . There is no strategy involved , it 's just game for looks and busty babes , nothing more . This is Tecmo , the makers of Ninja Gaiden and DOA Hardcore ? Anyway , then after a boring day playing volleyball , you have to go back to the lame Island mode and waste time going through useless and boring places on the island . You try to earn the love of other girls by buying them swimsuits and gifts . Why would one find this enticing ? I 'm sorry , this game sucks . Sounds like a harsh description , but if it was n't the redeeming factor of the sweet graphics , this game would be a total disappointment . Is it the worst volleyball game ever ? No . But when you pit it against the quality of Sega 's game on the Cube , it 's just further proof how bad the volleyball engine really is.The graphics are amazing though . The ladies look better than ever and if they were real I 'd defintely want a few dates . It 's actually the same engine Tecmo used in Dead Or Alive 3 for the XBOX . You 'll recognize one of the beaches being taken directly from the 3 , and it looks amazing . Seagulls flying in the background , warm sand curdling your girls feet , and the ocean hitting the sand over the horizon . There are also new beaches , jungles and islands to play volleyball . Once again , lush scenery , fantastic animations and great graphics are nice , but when the gameplay sucks , who cares ? For the guys that bought the game strictly for the babes , they might appreciate the `` Gravure System '' as Tecmo calls it . On days when you want to be alone with your girl , you can take her somewhere alone on the island and just look at her basking in the morning sun . You 're thoughts of being there with her might be fun for awhile and mind you it is ultra realistic . You can zoom in on her , change the camera view and take her to different locations . For added visuals , you can also give your girl a nice tan and hook her up with countless bikinis . You can buy tanning oil in the accessory shop and you can watch them over time get a lush golden tan from the sun . If you want to keep them healthy , you can also buy sun block . Sigh . This sucks . I 'll say it once and I 'll say it again , visual splendor alone , this game rocks , but the game sucks , it really does .
 Sure , the graphics and CGI are great , but what was TECMO thinking when they created this `` Mature '' , volleyball game ? All this hype on a spectacular volleyball game only to be teased by a bunch of bouncing jigglies ??? At least have a cheat code for Super Spike Volleyball somewhere on the CD !!! Oh well , I guess I will wait for the real volleyball game coming out soon , OUTLAW Volleyball ! ... I wo n't buy it until I read the critical reviews , the truth . And not the hyped up -LSB- words -RSB- printed in those gaming magazines . If you enjoy funabagos , this game is for you . If you are looking for a truly fun and challenging beach volleyball game , pick up a Super Nintendo system and Super Spike Volleyball or Kings of The Beach instead . They are about the same price you would pay for this game . Good luck !
 It is funny that this game is advertised as a volleyball simulation because all through the intro there is NOTHING indicating that . Be that as it may , the actual game is not that great if you are looking for something with quality volleyball play . To the credit of the developer , there are some features that were missing in previous volleyball games that are present in this one , for example , if the ball hits the net on the second play , your partner can make a legitimate attempt to recover it . Also , you can spike a ball and it bounces off the net over to the opponents side.Apart from that , there is no demarcation for the sidelines of the court , there is one camera angle , and every player seems to have the ability to crank the ball into the court.If you are looking for a game with good gameplay for VOLLEYBALL , this is not it , if you are looking for a game with other stuff -LRB- like the casino games and buying outfits from the store etc etc -RRB- , then try it.It just was not what I was looking for but it may suit your needs just fine .
 This game was supposed to have nudity in it but it does n't . It said so on the back of the box under the rating section ... The casino is very limited . Casino software on the market for PCs are far better.The characters speak in Japanese . It should not have been that difficult to have the characters speak english.The volleyball itself gets boring fast . My copy of this game will end up in a Goodwill bin . I will not buy another Tecmo product ...
 This has to be the most disappointing game in existence . First Tecmo did not even bother to translate the spoken dialogue from Japanese to English in the American Version . You do get the benefits of subtitles in English though . Next the game seems pointless . All you do is go around playing Volleyball to earn money so that you can buy gifts for your player and other characters . You try to go around an impress the other girls with the gifts that you give to them . If they do not like the gifts , then you are stuck without a partner . Without a partner you can not play Volleyball . It is also set up per day where you have a Morning , Noon , Evening , and Night . You are forced to go back to your room at night to either gamble or sleep for the next day . The gambling system is alright and addictive . This has to be the best part of the game . The rest is just a boring time filled watching girls play volleyball and pose for you on the beach . I did like the fact that you can zoom in on the girls when they are posing for you . This does get boring after awhile . All in all , it is like having a girlfriend without the benefits . You spend all your time making money so that you can buy them gifts . Then in the slim chance that the girls accept your gifts you get to play volleyball with them . Where is the fun in that ? Do not waste you money on this .
 Graphics do n't make a game , they merely add to the enjoyment of the game play and interaction . This game ridiculous . The volleyball portion it basically a cpu controlled mess that involves more luck than strategy . What 's fun about a game in which you have to constantly bribe girls to partner with you in matches you have a better chance of losing that winning ? Plus the real rules of volleyball are n't even applied to this game . And what 's up with the weird deuce rules when there 's a tie score ? But honestly , this game is n't really about volleyball . It 's digital Barbie dolls for guys . You earn cash to dress up the girls in outfits your girlfriend would never wear on the hottest day of the year in private.The totallity of this game feels more like a collection of bad mini games rather than one cohesive one . The fact that this game is getting 5 stars from consumers saddens me , because it proves that T&A ; , cgi or not , is enough to get people to by something , and enjoy it somewhat . I do n't mind the digital skin . . I 'd just need digital substance to go along with it . I 'm glad I did n't actually buy this crap .
 This game got so much hype . People wrote rave reviews for it without much knowledge about it , let alone playing it . Plane and simple the game is pretty bad . After 15 minutes of watching CARTOON chicks bounce around in bikinis you begin to think of how pathetic your life has become . The volleyball part is cool for about another 15 minutes , so after that you can concentrate on actually beating the game . Which is amazingly short . Overall this game has very little replay value , very little fun , but high on the spank-o-meter ... if that is what your life has come to , then for sure , BUY this game .
 Sure , the graphics and CGI are great , but what was TECMO thinking when they created this `` Mature '' , volleyball game ? All this hype on a spectacular volleyball game only to be teased by a bunch of bouncing jigglies ??? At least have a cheat code for Super Spike Volleyball somewhere on the CD !!! Oh well , I guess I will wait for the real volleyball game coming out soon , OUTLAW Volleyball !!! I wo n't buy it until I read the critical reviews , the truth . And not the hyped up crap printed in those gaming magazines . If you enjoy funabagos , this game is for you . If you are looking for a truly fun and challenging beach volleyball game , pick up a Super Nintendo system and Super Spike Volleyball or Kings of The Beach instead . They are about the same price you would pay for this game . Good luck !
 I 've observed lots of mixed feelings for this game . At the end of the day , I think there 's some confusion over the target audience for this game . Details shall be discussed under the Gameplay heading .
 I mean look , I rented this game and this is how it goesPros : Superb GraphicsWemon , but of courseShoppin might be funEasy to masterCons : I was hopin 4 a good vollyball systemGame is perhaps too easynot so good sound effectsI do n't play a game 4 wemon only , but 4 gameplay and replay value as well2 modes r too shortcasino 's way 2 simpleThis is Temco 's most dissapointing realese . From highly anticipated to very dissapointing . BMX XXX already used the formula of nudity of wemon , and half-naked wemon and it was n't succsessful , and now this is the lowest attempt to gitmoney ever . Goz to show that Graphics , wemon and nudity do n't make a game , it 's mostly the Gameplay and the Value , and this game hardly has any . If u wa n't better entertainent listen to anyone who suggested XXX films instead of this . And fans of DOA , I know will buy this , but I 'm a fan of DOA too , but I 'm glad I rented this game , cuz it 's a sorry excuse for a vollyball game . Maybe the next DOA
 As soon as I saw this , I began laughing.I have played and own Dead or Alive 3 -LRB- x-box -RRB- , which , in my opinion is a good game . It 's somewhat short , but the graphics -LRB- environments , specifically -RRB- are great . Now , I 'm a woman , thus the `` cute girls '' in this game do n't really do anything for me . DOA 3 is good , but this is completely ridiculous.The calendar that goes along with the game is also utterly ridiculous . But funny.You guys need to get a girlfriend .
 Being a fan of DoA3 -LRB- the fighting game -RRB- , I was expecting an engrossing , deep volleyball game with enough gameplay to last for a while . Instead , Tecmo and Team Ninja decided to give us an open-ended road to nowhere.Let me start by saying that the game 's graphics are excellent ; the character models are well detailed and move fluidly . For those who might be interested , you can even zoom into the girls at some points . Graphically impressive.The music is alright , but since you can rip your own CDs into the XBOX and use them in this game , it 's not an issue . Sound effects , on the other hand are quite few , which is not surprising considering how little there is to do in this game.My biggest problem with this game is gameplay . The volleyball games are overly simplistic with a 2-button scheme -LRB- receive and hit -RRB- , your character automatically jumps to hit the ball and all you have to do is press the hit button at the last possible moment in order to perform a hard spike . It can be fun at first , but it is extremely easy to win in it and you will most likely soon lose interest in it.Then there 's the casino , where you go to try to turn the few dollars you make in the games -LRB- you make money by winning games or by making good serves/spikes in them -RRB- into a fortune . The casino is also `` just ok '' with offerings of BlackJack , Roulette , Poker and Slots . I just think it 's ironic that you will most likely spend more time in the casino than playing ball.Now why do you need this money ? Well , to by new bathing suits of course ! This is what the whole game boils down to . Its a digital doll showcase . There is NO OBJECTIVE in this game unless you consider getting every swimsuit for every girl an objective . Now I do n't know about you , but I never played with dolls before and I 'm not about to start now.I am sorry to say that this game is ultimately boring . The lack of a set objective -LRB- or an end for that matter -RRB- , the blandness of the volleyball , the awful odds at the casino and the tedious gift purchasing and giving simply kill what could have otherwise been a good game.In the end , you should probably rent this game so you can stare and zoom a little if that 's your thing , just do n't expect to get much more out of this one.Ace
 If you buying this game hoping to play it on an XBox360 , do n't bother . It will not play and there is no update to make it play . I ca n't really rate it because of this problem .
 This game gets a star because it proves one simple point customizing video game women is more fun than customizing video game cars . however both can only hold ones attention for a limited time cars for about 2 minutes and women for about 5 minutes . anyway down to the game play . there is no story at all . the `` story '' was definately an afterthought so im not going to even consider it . If you have really poor reflexes enjoy playing handheld games or are a fan of computer games you will really enjoy playing the actual volleyball matches . people who like portable gaming will casue it involves smashing buttons and people who like computer games will cause you really only need to use 3 buttons similar to using a mouse.the computer seems to fluctuate randomly between one computer being incompitent and the other being proffesional which is the most fun to play against to both computers being lousy which is ok or both being so good you can consider it cheating which is no fun . that about sums up this game
 Sure , the graphics and CGI are great , but what was TECMO thinking when they created this `` Mature '' , volleyball game ? All this hype on a spectacular volleyball game only to be teased by a bunch of bouncing jigglies ??? At least have a cheat code for Super Spike Volleyball somewhere on the CD !!! Oh well , I guess I will wait for the real volleyball game coming out soon , OUTLAW Volleyball !!! I wo n't buy it until I read the critical reviews , the truth . And not the hyped up ... printed in those gaming magazines . If you enjoy funabagos , this game is for you . If you are looking for a truly fun and challenging beach volleyball game , pick up a Super Nintendo system and Super Spike Volleyball or Kings of The Beach instead . They are about the same price you would pay for this game . Good luck !
 Sure , the graphics and CGI are great , but what was TECMO thinking when they created this `` Mature '' , volleyball game ? All this hype on a spectacular volleyball game only to be teased by a bunch of bouncing jigglies ??? At least have a cheat code for Super Spike Volleyball somewhere on the CD !!! Oh well , I guess I will wait for the real volleyball game coming out soon , OUTLAW Volleyball !!! I wo n't buy it until I read the critical reviews , the truth . And not the hyped up crap printed in those gaming magazines . If you enjoy funabagos , this game is for you . If you are looking for a truly fun and challenging beach volleyball game , pick up a Super Nintendo system and Super Spike Volleyball or Kings of The Beach instead . They are about the same price you would pay for this game . Good luck !
 Ce jeux est fait pour un adolescent qui n ' a jamais vu une fille dans un playboy . Le seul interet est de voir les personnages f&eacute;minin en maillot de bain . Le gameplay est nul et les fonction limit&eacute; ... A place d'acheter ce jeux la ... Aller donc prendre le Extreme Outlaws volleyball qui est beaucoup plus complet .
 I mean look , I rented this game and this is how it goesPros : Superb GraphicsWemon , but of courseShoppin might be funEasy to masterCons : I was hopin 4 a good vollyball systemGame is perhaps too easynot so good sound effectsI do n't play a game 4 wemon only , but 4 gameplay and replay value as well2 modes r too shortcasino 's way 2 simpleJapanese voicesDenis Radman only gits a few linesThis is Temco 's most dissapointing realese . From highly anticipated to very dissapointing . BMX XXX already used the formula of nudity of wemon , and half-naked wemon and it was n't succsessful , and now this is the lowest attempt to gitmoney ever . Goz to show that Graphics , wemon and nudity do n't make a game , it 's mostly the Gameplay and the Value , and this game hardly has any . If u wa n't better entertainent listen to anyone who suggested XXX films instead of this . And fans of DOA , I know will buy this , but I 'm a fan of DOA too , but I 'm glad I rented this game , cuz it 's a sorry excuse for a vollyball game . Maybe the next DOA
 I 'm about to commit an act of treason against men everywhere . I 'm about to give DOA : EBV a negative rating . But I honestly need to . This game , as advertised , only serves as eye-candy for perverts and a waste of money for gamers everywhere -LRB- much like the XBox system itself -RRB- . Now , do n't get me wrong , there are definitely some good things about this game . The disc makes a nice frisbee and I 'm sure there are some great posters out there , but beyond that , it does little in the way of providing a good gaming experience . But then again , so little of the XBox games do , anyway . I suppose `` Panzer Dragoon Orta '' will probably be their one and only breakthrough , but beyond that , they have little to offer and will thus go the way of the Sega Dreamcast . There is one truly great thing about the XBox , though
 This game is only marginally entertaining for about 2 hours . The volleyball `` gameplay '' is only two buttons . The casino is incredibly boring . The graphics are nice , but so what ? How long can you look at cartoons in bikinis ? The HUGEST , most GLARING failure of this game is that there are NO character endings , i.e. , there is no goal to achieve in this game . You do n't even have any real incentive to play volleyball at all , except to break up the monotony a little bit . I ca n't believe this game was actually made and marketed . Mine 's going back to Best Buy immediately .
 Ok , the graphics are really great , the girls are very nice looking , but the gameplay is horrible.The whole idea of only using 2 buttons on your controller to play the entire game is just plain weak . There is no game play here ... So , I took mine back .
 ok , the only reason you guys are raving about this game is because of the DOA girls ... that 's pretty sad . If this was a regular voleyball game with a bunch of dudes , u guys wont pay any attention 2 this game.whoever preordered this game really REALLY needs to get laid !!
 Seriosly , it is n't that good of a game it is a waste of 50 bucks just to see some tids if u are reading this that means your online so go to a XXX website do n't spend 50 dollers it 's ... sad
 Without a doubt , this is a very beautiful game . Great graphics.However , what I really expected from this game was not just spectacular -LRB- and sexy -RRB- graphics , but a killer game engine that would overshadow other Beach Volleyball games -LRB- on any system -RRB- , just like Dead or Alive 3 had excellent gameplay for a fighting game -LRB- and spectacular graphics -RRB- . Unfortunately , this is not the case . The gameplay comes down to pretty much push one of two buttons . Even the camera is n't up to the task . More than once did I have to dive for the ball off screen ... If you are a fan of the characters
 Yes , this game looks amazing the , jiggling of the girls and the graphics are amazing if your into staring at computer generated versions . Everything in this game after the graphics was very dissapointing . The name of this game shoudl have been Dead or Alive dress-up . It appears the only goal in this game was to dress up you or your partner and the volleyball is just a mini-game to acheive that goal . Volleyball . . not fun . For a franchise that has multiple combo hits and kicks as well as reversals this game is extremely simple , I expected more . Also the camera angles did n't help . For some reason it does n't give you a complete view of the court . Meaning there were times I had no idea where my character was . There is so much more that dissapointed . . rent this game first and see for yourself if you must
 This game , if you really want to call it that , is really quite bad . When I think of a good volleyball game I think of `` Kings Of The Beach '' for NES . It 's really quite sad that a game from 20 years ago on a 8 bit system blows away this 128 bit pile . The game play is so inconsistent you 'll be lucky if you can even serve the ball over the net let alone spike the ball without it hitting the net . If you have to dive for the ball chances are that you 'll still be getting up when it 's hit back to you , and trying to get your partner to actually show some teamwork with you is nearly impossible . The scoring is not done right and you do n't really have time to form relationships with your partner to get them to work better with you . I actually had the most fun playing the `` Hopping '' mini game , not because it was so fun , but more because I could actually win while playing . I also thought the casino part sucked but I do n't really like gambling anyway . On the plus side the girls are hot and seeing them in different swim suits is nice , but really I was looking for a `` Volleyball '' game , so I guess I 'll just stick with my `` Outlaw Volleyball '' -LRB- which is a good game but still flawed -RRB- , and bust out the NES to play `` Kings Of The Beach '' when I want to play a really good V-ball game .
 Sadly they forgot the game is about volleyball , the game play is slow and unrealistic with the gilrs animation being jerky and silly stuff like them streching a leg because they have been idle and then just jumping straight up out of it to perform a spike !! The camera moves poorly and the game play is very shallow , Graphics are awesome but the lack of animation lets it down badly . Its a shame they wasted time on a stupid casino that plays worse than all free online casinos and even simple card games on the pc , and buying clothes and outfits to get new partners makes for very sad gameplay !!! Two players only !! big mistake , and you do n't have full control of your partner . I 've played Beachspikers and it plays a way better game allowing 4 players to go at it and flawless control , although it has a very limited one player game , however it is an absoulte master of volleyball physics and game play that is fun for everyone , Though its currently only avalible for Gamecube . I 'd advise rent DOA Xtreme and checking it out for yourself as you will bore with it within a night .
 Dead or Alive Volleyball , is a pretty weak game . It does has beautiful graphics ; the women wearing bikinis and sun bathing or playing volleyball . ... The backdrops are beautiful as well , with nice beaches and island spots . I also had a bit of fun with the casino mini games included . When you gamble and win at the casino games , you earn money to buy gifts for your girl/characters - buy them a new swimsuit , candy , flowers . It tries to simulate interaction with a virtual girl , but it is very limited . The volleyball game -LRB- which is the whole purpose of the game -RRB- lacks responsive controls , and has very bad camera angles . The bad camera angles ruin the whole game because when you are playing volleyball , either your character or ball will leave the play screen and then you end up losing points ! Terrible . The music and sound effects are generic but they can be turned down.Pros : + beautiful women + beautiful back drops + casino gamesCons : - junk controls-camera angles sucks-you can not adjust camera angles-generic music-weak sound effects-not very excitingOverall this game is below average , it tried to implement lots of good ideas , and the casino games was a nice bonus , but the negative points affect it badly .
 Do n't buy this unless you just want to collect all of the games with the best graphics . Who cares about these girls ? The volleyball games are dumb and the hop , skip , and a jump only slightly more amusing . I thought I did n't have a life when I bought this , and now I KNOW I do n't have one if I kept playing it . Buy a real sports game -LRB- pick one ... ANY one -RRB- and the swimsuit edition of Sports Illustrated , go back to playng Halo , and you 'll be a lot better off .
 This came is entertaining for about ten min . There is not story or plot and most of the dialog is in another language . The only thing that is in english is the text . This game is nothing more than barbies plaing vollyball on the beach .
 What do you do when you want to sell a video game about a sport that is about as popular as the XFL ? Well just have all the charactors be women with large ... volleyball skills and have them wear swimsuits . Considering the target market for this game is teen males 14-25 , this will probably be a popular game . But this game should come with a sign for the buyer to wear . The sign would of course read Virgin , in big red letters . For the 50 dollars you 'd spend on this game , you could buy some adult entertainment videos and not look as pervy .
 Tecmo , the bastion of ludicrousness it all-too-often is , has struck an all-new low of gimmick-ridden awful gaming
 I was incredibly disappointed with this game after some of the rave reviews it received . I think either people were totally into the mostly naked women or they have n't played many games before because the game itself is lame .
 Graphics are great , the girls look good . I have no clue why this is rated `` mature ? '' - All the hype surrounding this game was a farce in my opinion . I have not seen any of these girls have a nipple-slip at all ! Gameplay is horrible and frustrating . I liked BMX-XXX better ! At least you can have a character with bulls-eyes painted on her breasteses !
 I am a guy that very much appreciates the female form . However , this was perhaps the worst thing I have ever played . Basically , I started jumping on little pads in the game to earn money . Once I did that for 10 minutes , I went to the casino . I bet all my money and ended up winning it all back , and then some . I went to the store , bought the thong thingy , and that was it . I accomplished what the game basically was asking . i beat it in approximately 15 minutes . I tried playing vollyboll . horrible . All in all , this game , even with a bunch of friends cracking up every time we heard the words , `` niceU spikeARU '' was a abomination . I would rather have been expending my oxygen elsewhere . So , so , so , horrible .
 This is the worst game i 've ever played . The graphics are nice if your a 12 year old pervert . Gameplay is probably the worst volleyball game I 've ever seen
 This game is once again proof our beloved magazine reviewers of old have sold out to the larger companies , professing to us that they 're games are all great when they obviously are not.For a game that is supposed to have great volleyball game play , you get an `` immense '' selction of 2 buttons to work with throughout a volleyball game -LRB- oh and the directional stick -RRB- , a partner you can never control -LRB- which is fine -RRB- , and a whole lot of `` I ca n't belive I just forked out over $ 50 for this game '' relization at no extra charge.IGN rated this game over a 9 . Reality is this game rates in at about 3 -LRB- maybe 5 if you really like casino sims because DOA has a nice casino mini game -RRB- . Yeah the graphics are great , but quickly grow tiresome as this game will not be able to hold your interest for more than 2-4 hours.Recommendation
 The only good part of this game is the great graphics . The camera angle and controllers sucks so bad that it is really difficult to play . I thought this was a 4 player game . It turns out that it is 2 player game and you control 2 girls at the same time with each analog thumb thingy . The camera angle only shows 2 to 3 girls at a time so you can hardly play and it scrolls to the other side of the net with the ball . If you need to see hot half naked girls you 'll find it here but they are also fake , so go find a Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Edition instead .
 This game is boring . the volleyball is just way too weak to keep your attention for more than a few hours.the girls are beautiful but they all speak japanease -LRB- which really gets annoying -RRB- . its more of a game of dress up the ultra hot dolly than a volleyball game.the most nudity in the game is the thong bikinis that you can make them wear.The casino is also quite boring youve got poker , blackjack and a host of similar slot machines.The consensus between me and everyone i have let use or play this game is that the chicks are hot but how long can you look at a pixelated hottie before you realize the game has no substance .
 This game is only for hormone-raging 13 year old kids who ca n't get their hands on actuall pornography so its aimed towards their hormones . The game is actually not a good game . If one of your `` not-as-smart '' friends has the game you might want to try it , but its not worth the money nor time to rent or buy . The ONLY other reason to buy this game is IF you are a DIE HARD Dead or Alive `` collectors '' fan .
 i would have bought this game what the hell up with the big giggle -LSB- ... -RSB- ? i am a girl i dont wont to look at that the dude who made this is a perv !
 If your looking for a good beach vball game , go elsewhere . This game is not about vball at all . Game play is horrible . The only good thing about this game are the animations . Your better off picking up an old school nintendo and Super Spike Volley Ball .
 Granted , this game does have some attrractice girls in it . I 'm sure that alone will sway some guys into buying this game but please take my advice and do n't . I thought this game was going to be great and after I had played it for about five minutes I realized it -LSB- was bad -RSB- . The camera is absolutely horrible . You get only an angled view and it is annoying to try and get your girl into place on the court . Most importantly , the game play -LSB- is poor -RSB- . You serve it and then have a short rally until someone spikes it and wins the point . There is not a whole lot of strategy as you just keep spiking it until the other person ca n't return it . It will get very old very fast . Do not waste your money . Unless of course the girls are what you are buying it for , not the actual gameplay .
 This game is dum . i never played it but its dum . 30 bucks is 2 much money 2 waste wen u can buy the board game for 2 bucks . wats so great about a game you see a dice roll , little dudes moving on the squares , and buyin houses and stuff dat wont do a lot 4 u. dis is mainly a 1 button game 2 me . x to roll , x to select the thing , and the control d pad thing to move curser . jus buy da board if u really want monopoly . and yes i am 1 year old . i am one of those genius guys dat will go 2 college wen i am 12 years old .
 I had high hopes for Zapper . I was a frogger fan , and zapper promised to raise the frogger fun to a new level . Unfortunately , that was n't quite true.Available for most platforms , Zapper is a cricket that can only hop in four directions , just like frogger . You practice your timing to hop around enemies , work through mazes and grab special items.It 's sort of cute at first . The graphics are nice , and the cut scenes are funny . And yes , it 's frogger like , with the timing of your hops and the simple gameplay . While frogger just wanted to `` get to the other side '' , Zapper is out to save his baby brother , who was stolen by Maggie , the Magpie Queen.But I 'm sorry to say that it gets wearying pretty quickly . Just like frogger , when you get hit you die - but were frogger was a single board to restart , zapper has long , drawn out mazes . You can checkpoint along the way , but it can still be frustrating . It comes down to memorizing the paths of the monsters and executing the matching sequence.And while frogger was about a frog getting to his destination , and the ` blind world ' not even noticing him and squashing him in its own race to get somewhere , Zapper loses some of that as well . Frogger was about the struggle you put out to get through a world that goes on with or without you . The logs were n't hostile , the cars were n't aiming for you . They were just doing what they were doing and you had to understand that and work with them . Dodging traffic is something we can all understand and relate to . But the travails of Zapper just did n't strike me in the same fashion.Perhaps good for kids , or for people who do enjoy avoidance-games
 We bought this game for our 4-year old thinking it would be a fun game for mom , dad and kidlet to play together . It 's visually interesting with cute sounds , but that 's about it . Game handling is n't at all intuitive , and movements are jerky . You make a jump and are constantly hitting the wrong button . At first I chalked it up to my lack of motor skills -LRB- HA ! -RRB- , but we put even the most experienced gamer behind the controls , and he threw his hands up in frustration . We felt less like morons when our friend 's 8-year old son came over and said , `` You got ZAPPER ? Haahhaaahaa ! This game bites ! ''
 Man , I rented this thinking I could use a saber throughout the whole game but noooo ... u have to use guns through most of the game I would have to say that the light saber part was cool but it was n't enough saber for me .
 I recently borrowed this game from a friend . While I do n't like first person games I 'd heard that a little ways in it became mainly third person and had some awesome battles . I thought `` Okay I 'll suffer the first few levels and then be treated to some great action . '' . Well I was wrong , I was tortured the first few levels and then only somewhat amused when the switch happened . I hardly even play 1st person games and can tell a good one from a bad one and this is bad . Also the controls in both perspectives use the control stick and the D-pad heavely . How on earth can I use both at the same time !!! This ones for Star Wars fans and FPS lovers only . Despite some cool battles in 3rd person it just was n't that fun .
 Levels and GraphicsWell for the Xbox i ' v heard it 's pretty good but for the gamecube it 's the worst . I ' v seen some of the greatest star wars games ever but Lucasarts did n't try real hard on the gamecube . Their faces look blurry and it probably does n't have nearly as many weapons lightsaber moves , and force powers as the Xbox has . It does n't have anything near the graphics they could have made it have.Voices and shoundI have to say that their voices are very good and sound like the actual people in the movie . Their sound is great but playing the game is horrible and it stinks.LevelsWell as Kyle Katarn you go through i 'm gon na say maybe a little over twenty levels plus a bonus level of boring combat . I mean it 's too repetive . Before you have your lightsaber you shoot guys hit a switch shoot guys shoot more guys move around a bit and so on and so on . WHen your shooting a guy you really just stand in front of him and shoot theres no moving around except for when they run but then you can just shoot them in the back . WHen your fighting with a lightsaber you do n't have any moves like in the movies or anything . GET THIS GAME ANY YOU WILL REGRET IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This games graphics suck , and the multiplayer and single player suck . everything sucks about this game including that you ca n't do anything cool , which sucks . I also think that the game sucks because of the fact that it sucks and also my little brother is better at it than I am . Also , another thing that sucks , is that my little sister killed me in the multiplayer mode . I mean , really , she 's only two ! One more thing , the lightsaber just plain sucks . I do n't know what all you people are talking about . Is it supposed to do anything cool or anything ? It does n't . It sucks .
 It has a co-op mode , but neither of us were that into it . We played it for a little while , but just gave up .
 didnt like at all it was harder to control guess i was use to the old way ... . IF anyone knows a version that is like the original hit me up . .
 I was excited to see this game in the store ... I kept chanting `` up up down down left right left right B A select start '' right until I got it in the console.I returned it 12 hours later.This qualifies as one of the worst games I 've ever played . The first thing you feel when you play it is frustration as you die immediately . It 's so incredibly hard that you have to play each level an ungodly amount of times in a row . Because of this , you end up memorizing each move of every character and realize that there is no variety or randomness in what happens . None . So once you 've died enough to memorize a level and the patterns of each object , it becomes quite easy , and rather boring . Once you 've played it enough , you go through the whole game in about an hour . With no variation . Ever.So why would you get this game ? The people who wrote the other reviews must be die-hard contra fans -LRB- which I USED to be -RRB- , because the only slight redeeming quality of this game is the graphics . The intermediate scenes are sometimes kinda cool . But even this is n't perfect , because they feel dated -LRB- like old technology -RRB- . So save yourself the money and rent this game . In one day you 'll either go nuts with frustration and stop playing immediately , or persevere , beat it soon after , and see everything there is to see ...
 I was addicted to Contra as a kid . On the old NES , there was hardly a better game , and I spend hundreds of hours on each one , fighting , shooting , blowing stuff up . I was so excited for this one I could hardly stand it , and I did n't care if it was 2-D . In fact , I WANTED the game to be exactly the same as the old ones . I bought the game , put it in , and started to play.Then I got bored . Fast . I could n't believe it . I played for about 20 minutes and could n't take it anymore . I shot some stuff , but it just was n't fun . One of two things happened . Either this game is horrible compared to the old games , or I just plain grew out of Contra . I hope it 's the former.This game is hard , but in a frustrating way . I do n't recommend buying this game -- rent it once and you will be sick of it before it 's due back , even if you 're a die-hard Contra fan .
 Contra Shattered Soldier features somewhat interesting graphics , the lighting and color is good , but character detail is just a tad watered down and tiny . Standard gun blasts and explosions round out the sound effects , the hard metal music is n't done too well -LRB- a more ambient or industrial rock track , or orchestral music would have been more well suited -RRB- , easy controls , are a plus here , but just not the replay factor . With all that said , this is probably going to be one of the better 2D games you 'll see on any of the current console platforms . But that is where this also falls short , 2D games are great , for retro collections , or even for original content , but in this case a Konami greatest hits would have been much more fun , with all the Contras , Castlevanias , etc. . This game would have benefited from an upgrade to 3D , like Capcom 's Maximo for PS2 , or like Nintendo 's Metroid Prime , for the GameCube . Contra collectors should pick this title up , but do n't expect much . For casual gamers , who want a buttton hitting , shoot-em-up frenzy that 's different , try GunGrave for the PS2 .
 This is a 2D game with some 3D elements . To me the graphics did n't look all that great . Nearly all explosions look about the same . The backgrounds are uninspired . The music is appropriate but very simplistic and dull.What 's far worse , is that the gameplay is n't very Contra . The character moves with slow speed and reflexes compared to main enemies , which sometimes move with lighting speed . Main enemies tend to fill up the entire screen , leaving you nowhere to go . Just about all of this game is fighting your way exactly to the letter . If you want variety and change your tactics , the character dies . No , that 's not `` old school '' for anyone who played Contra or Super C.The narrow choice of weapons reflects the narrow choices that can be made while playing Contra Shattered Soldier . Only three weapons are available . Machine gun , grenade launcher , and flame thrower . Each weapon has to be used in a particular situation , making the gameplay very unimaginative and limited . In other words , not fun.I did n't find any movies between stages , only a few mute conversations between Bill and Lucia , etc. . The only movie I 've seen was the game introductory movie . I did like the movie , but it was n't integrated into the gameplay , unfortunately . Being Bill 's partner , Lucia is n't in the movie much at all . Do n't expect any involving story . There is no voice acting in this game either.On the positive side , the `` easy '' mode will allow you nine lives and a hundred continues . However , you can also only finish the first five stages , if you play the `` easy '' mode . Supposedly two more stages can be reached on `` normal '' mode . Only three lives and three continues are given for the `` normal '' mode.This game may be easier and more fun in 2-player mode . One of very few things this game may still be good at.Konami did n't spend much time or money on this game . That 's for sure . It may appeal to people who like any game that starts with the name Contra . Even so , I would stay away from this disappointment . Rent it if you have doubts.This game could have easily achieved a much better overall quality , possibly grabbing the interest of non-Contra fans as well . Here are the problems . Insufficient gameplay , very few weapons , not enough stages , hybrid 2D/3D too uninspired , no intermission movies , no voice acting , inadequate music . Super C made it hard to put down the controller . Not so with Contra Shattered Soldier!I liked the 3D Contras better than this game . Clearly Konami is ready to move on , which they proved with Castlevania
 I was somewhat disappointed when I bought this game . After hearing that this was one of the more difficult games for PS2 , I expected a very fast , exciting , and well developed game . Contra is not that kind of game . If I wanted a 2D game , I could have gotten a SNES game . The only movements you can make are forward , back , jump , crouch . What a waste of PS2 's graphic power . The gameplay is anything but entertaining . Basically , you play the mission until you come to something you have never seen before . It kills you . You restart the mission and kill it . This cycle goes on for the rest of the mission .
 As a previous reviewer said `` GARBAGE '' This game lacks everything but most of all originality . ZERO stars !
 This game was one of the worst I 've ever played . The graphics are decent , but they just ca n't match the old Contra from the NES . The day that they realize this , and stop making stupid games like this one , the better .
 This is a video shooting gallery , and nothing else . Not really playing a game , nothing to figure out , or find , just shooting as fast as you can as enemies pop up . And they are WAY more powerful than you and you die quickly and often -- and have to start ALL over from the beginning of the level every time . I played it for a few hours and only got to the second level -- and I 'm an experienced gamer.I do n't recommend this game for serious video gamers -- unless you need some target practice for your other games .
 1 . Does that really look like Fogger with all that cloth on and everything .2 . If Frogger looks like that in the game he must be pretty odd .3 . They have Frogger games like this and everybody hated them.I would n't buy this game unless you want to see Frogger standing on two legs with a T-shirt , and trying to save the Princess . -LRB- really ... a princess -RRB- I liked Frogger 1 and Frogger 2 Swampy 's Revenge . But now look at Frogger eww ...
 This ` Frogger Beyond ' game would be SOOOO much better if you could contrtol the camera , but alas , you cannot.Many many times you end up jumping off the board , jumping to a place you did n't want to jump to , but you could swear the floor continues ... Well , bottom line , this COULD be a fun and difficult puzzle game , but instead it 's just frustrating and not worth my time . I do n't like not being able to see what I 'm doing . -LRB- i also do n't like the Resident Evil games where you walk around `` blind '' corners right into enemies . -RRB- Nice try ...
 First of all , Frogger should not need an introduction . It was an arcade classic that went through a dark age when publisher Konami lost the license . So when they got it back , they decided to make a reimagining of a classic character . This is n't normally a bad thing , except ... well , just look at the cover . I had thought Klonoa helped put an end to that whole `` Mascots with ` Tude '' garbage from the 90 's , but I guessed wrong.Now , all these complaints about the presentation lead me to my main point
 in the first 3 minutes you see a frog representing a small kid that goes on an adventure dodging buses and doing stuff any normal frog will do , but first it it is summoned by a mysterious frog council from hell that makes him do this stuff for no good reason . This game has horrible views and controls and should not be played by kids , only because kids will want to break this game and throw it out a window.I 'm NOT kidding
 IT STINKSok imagine thisyou have a stupidly dressed frog acting 6 year old trying to be cool by SAying totally awsom man . and it is has atempted money maker written over it more clearly than PS2 becuase the controles are so horible that i was ready to put my foot through my tv . any way the game only use the D pad and has the most anoying music.not only that but even if it was made for little kids im 13 and i cant beat the 2nd set of levels it is so frustrating because bad camera and somtimes the floor dosent seem to be there so ure not sure what to do or where to go and fall of an edge . not to mention that the enemys are all ants bees and grass hoppers and whatnot so if you want a game that was made in the name of frogger JUST to make money and that is VERY FRUSTRATING and pointless get thisby the way im happy to say that i dident buy this with my moneymy parents got it seeing a famous classic that they loved and thought would be a greAt game for meSuggested uses
 These games are terrible . Frogger is better left in bars on the old arcade machine .
 Graphics 9/10
 Perhaps I 've been spoiled by Halo , but this particular game for the XBox seemed absolutely terrible in comparison . One of the main failings of this game are that there simply too many powers , guns , and equipment items to cram into a hand-held controller . The controls are awkward and therefore it becomes difficult to achieve the same level of gameplay that one enjoyed on the PC.Additionally , the graphics did not seem tailored to the XBox . The health bar was too small to read clearly , the `` use '' signal much too small , and overall the superior video capabilities of the XBox were under-utilized . At best , the game is mediocre but the `` Star Wars '' brand name stamped upon it will ensure that it will sell well -LRB- much like the movies -RRB- .
 before you buy it !!!!!! My bad , after Obi-Wan I ASSUMED that this game would be similar , I should have done more research . The difficulty level of this game is over the top . Trust me on this one , rent this game before you buy it .
 This is an absolute travesty to the world of star wars gaming.I would suggest that you rent it a local video store first if you do n't believe me ...
 I just rented Jedi Outcast for my son and I to play , and was really disappointed . From the graphics to the way the game played , Jedi Outcast was weak . I am really glad that I rented this game first . I am a huge Star Wars fan , but would not buy this game . I am hoping Knights of The Republic is better .
 I had this game on the PC -LRB- decent -RRB- and looked forward to the XBox version to utilize my HDTV set and moderately elaborate home theater.This game is disappointing.The graphics are fair.The sound is absolutely terrible . This was the straw that made me return this rental after the 1st day . I wanted to play it , but this was simply too distracting -LRB- seriously , I am not nit-picking -RRB- . There is no panning from front to back , when moving around -LRB- expecting the sound to flow from speaker to speaker as it does in many other good games -LRB- Ghost Recon , Splinter Cell , Halo , Fatal Frame ... -RRB- It is in one speaker and then suddenly chopped off and placed in another . I can not believe how poorly done the in-game DD5 .1 was done.Obviously I enjoy SW and the like , but this game is missing a lot of polish .
 I wo n't go into the games other aspects as the other reviewers have done a good job desbribing the story , controls , and overall gameplay . What I will touch on is the AWFUL character animations and overall mediocre graphics . Maybe I 'm just jaded from playing Splinter Cell but the characters here are laughable , especially the death animations . The AI is also pathetic . More than once did I have at least 3 to 4 Stormtroopers run from me in terror.Add in the frustrating puzzles plus repetitive music and you have a game that -LRB- i found to be -RRB- barely playable .
 This is probably one of the worst star wars games ever made . Its diffucult , you die easily , the first few levels is a shooter game which is not what i bought the game for and you die all the time . Going thru the level is liking blindly trying to follow someone you get a vague idea of where youre suppossed to go but then its a random way of getting there .
 this will not be a comprehensive review , kids . i just wanted to throw a few things out there that were , unfortunately , not included in video game mag reviews -LRB- but then again , no one from Lucas Arts is paying me for ad space , ya dig ? -RRB- . i played the PC version of Jedi Outcast at a friend 's and really wanted to pick up a copy on my way home that day - it played well and looked sweet ! that did n't happen due to work and school schedules and by the time i had any time to play a few new games , this puppy was out of the x-box = woo hoo ! i was stoked that i could play this game in the comfort of my living room using a controller that works with my larger hands . another bonus was reading several publicized reviews stating that the x-box version was every bit as good as its PC partner ... . nope.the graphics for the x-box version are kinda sad . no , they 're not Atari 2600 bad -LRB- `` Go little yellow dot , go !! '' -RRB- , but both Lucas and Gates should be smacked silly for not utilizing the graphical prowess this machine has . the only conclusion i can come to is laziness and the assumption that hard-core fans will buy any game with the Star Wars license -LRB- which seems to be the case if you 're played many of the early SW PC games . ech -RRB- . if you ever saw the difference between the PC and PS2 version of Max Payne then you know what to expect . it 's a shame , really.the gameplay is not so great , either . for a big chunk of this game , you 're playing a lackluster FPS , at best . i really wanted a fast and furious shooter that took place within the Star Wars universe . what i got was a lame FPS with goofy `` puzzles '' that annoy more than entertain -LRB- such as
 THIS GAME IS SO BAD.GAMEPLAY
 Alright , you 've read how incredible this game is , and you 've seen how many people love it . I never post anything to delibrately flame anything , but this game needs to be reviewed from a non-biased opinion.Let 's start with the story : The story is strong , and well laid out . There really are no reasons to complain about it . In fact , it is the story that holds the gamer in his/her seat.GraphicsDon ' t believe what you 've read . Check the screenshots on the item info page . The backgrounds and character models are reminiscent of the PSX . The textures on virtually everything get grainy and pixellated even from a distance . The light effects are laughable as well . There is no burst of light in a dark room when weapons are fired . If the graphics alone are n't a total disappointment , watch out for severe frame rate drops . The most frequent cause of frame rate drops -LRB- slow motion game play -RRB- is the presence of too many highly detailed objects on the screen at once . How a game with very little detail can drop into slow-mo is simply beyond me . When compared to past Star Wars games on Xbox , graphically , this one is garbage.Sound : Maybe the bad sound was due to a scratched rental game , or a dirty one at that , but from what I 've heard , I 'd much rather turn my stereo on than listen to the background music and voice acting . The acting is bad at best . There is such a lack of emotion with every word . They might as well have just left the voices to subtitles . As for the music , please , I almost fell asleep . It is patchy and quiet . One second , you 'll hear a song that reminds you of the good old days , when Darth Vader was the villian of villians . Then , in a split second , the music mutes to almost in-audibility , and changes to something else , or shuts off entirely . All in all , the sound is shamefull.Controls : I ca n't even begin to tell you of the aggrivation the control scheme brings . Imagine yourself in a fight , completely surrounded by enemies , you blaster runs out of ammo , and you 're trying to run for cover . At the same time , you want to take out another weapon . Too bad for you , both of these functions -LRB- moving , weapon select -RRB- are done with the left thumb . Unless you have an extra finger , use your right hand , or can use the force in real life , you 'll have to choose one action or the other . To make things a little more challenging , the controller is n't as responsive to your fingers as you are to the action . For example , one second your swinging your light saber at the enemy , he side steps , you move the joystick to compensate , but you character does n't move . This causes much frustration and anger in the later levels of the game . The control scheme can be summed up in one word ... Disgusting!Game options : This is the only area the game excells . The extensive multiplayer options are the only reason I did n't return the game to the video store the same day as I brought it home . You can customise your character to your liking . You can change the color of their light saber , personalize them to your playing style -LRB- lightsaber prone , force prone , etc. . . -RRB- or even make them supporters of the light or dark side of the force . This , in my opinion is the only reason to play the game.It all comes down to how well this game performs and sadly , it does not perform well . On a scale from 1-10 , I give it a 4 . I usually love the Star Wars games , but this one will never be on my owned rack . My suggestion , put it on your wishlist , rent it , play it first , the buy it or remove it from your list accordingly . Thank you , and I hope I helped you make up your mind .
 This game is HIGHLY flawed . There 's a HUGE misktake with the game
 for a ps2 game this game is awful . the graphics are really cheesy , as is the music and how the game works . do n't waste your money .
 I remember before I actually bought this game , I had only played it a couple of times at a movie theater . When I got the PS2 version about a month ago or whatever , I was really excited . I popped it in , loaded it up , I tried to find Mega Man , ... 24 characters huh ? Looks like 24 to me ! I -LSB- felt disconcerted -RSB- . Then , after a while , I discovered an option called `` Secret Factor '' . And I saw Mega Man in thar , and went `` Huh ? He 's a HIDDEN character . Funny , because I could 've sworn he was ready to access in the arcade version . So I had to beat the game , get some points , and I bought Mega Man . I was happy for the moment . Then I was able to get Captain Commando and M. Bison and Cammy . So I played some more , got some more points , I went to try and find Felicia and Morrigan , and they do n't show up . I play t some more an hour later ... . They still are n't there . Another 5 hours later ... . Yawn ... I 'm going to bed . On a final note : This game -LCB- is n't necessarily the best -RCB- Why settle for this game when you can just play DarkStalkers or Power Stone ??? Anyone that says this game rocks -LSB- could be mistaken -RSB- . The original is a little better and more fun than this -LSB- one -RSB- . Please do me a favor people , and -LSB- reconsider if you should so desire -RSB-
 Personally I think this game is n't as good as it could be , I 'd suggest buying Mortal Kombat instead really.g !
 Sorry . I just do n't get it . I bought this game thinking I was going to get a really cool fighting game where I could put the Hulk up against Spiderman , etc. . What I got was a complete waste of time and a really , truly , and horribly rendered piece of garbage . What a crock ! I hate this game and I want my money back . It has the worst music and graphics ... I think you need to be on crack to enjoy this pathetic waste .
 I ` m sure it is a really fun game . I mean the graphics are great however it mite to realistic , for example it is way to easy to crash.I have an other reservation about the game it needs a slight knowlegd of low rank racing to datona . If you do n`t you wo n`t make it pass the first race
 The main reason anyone would buy a older game -LRB- that is a good one -RRB- is if it had a new source fo life . For this game it was the xbox live featue but then for no reason other to be gay and lazy the took it out . So i think the sales for this game will be horrible and ur better of buying snkvs street fighter . Longer gaem live . Horrible just horrible
 game loses it 's fun real fast when playing the computer . why could n't it be live .
 I bought it looking for somethin new in the game . I found nothing . The pixels look better and the game play is smoother but nothing new . No xbox live , no new characters , no new options . If you own the Dreamcast version stick with it .
 after renting this game to my dismay i found ABSOLUTLEY NOTHING new or different about this port.the graphics are the same as it was 3 years ago on the defunct sega dreamcast.what 's worse . . no online option and you ca n't play your own souindtracks to replace the horrible jazz ecentric BGM during the battle stages . the music was MUCH MUCH better on capcom 's previous efforts I.E. MARVEL SUPER HEROES , MARVEL VS CAPCOM OR EVEM XMEN VS STREET FIGHTER -LRB- heh , no wonder why i still have my SEGA SATURN as well as my DC -RRB- but if the XBOX is your only system then your ' e left with only one option buy it , otherwise avoid . . btw where 's the gamecube version ... oh you mean there is n't one for the lamecube ?? ... oops !
 I was BEDAZZLED , AWED , AMAZED , and downright ENTHRALLED !!!! ... with the ARCADE MACHINE version of Marvel VS Capcom . Comparatively , the XBOX version -LSB- stinks -RSB- . I 've been reading over the Customer Reviews for this Title , and to be frank , I was wondering if they were all talking about the same game ? From the CHOPPY ANIMATION , to the CHARLIE BROWN SOUNDTRACK , and to the CONFUSING GAMEPLAY , this version of Marvel VS Capcom BITES in very possible way . I kept thinking to myself , and finally yelling OUTLOUD , this looks like SEGA GENESIS ANIMATION !!!!!! I just do n't see why you would need XBOX capability to feed this crude , elementary , primitive looking game ?????? When it comes down to it , I guess I just expected a lot more from an XBOX title . I ended up heading right back down to the Shopping Mall Arcade to play the Arcade Machine version of the game , because I needed a FIX after the XBOX dissappointment . The only 2 good things I can say about this game is that for one thing , they offer a lot of players to choose from , which in the world of the usual 3D realm of 10-12 players is a step up . And 2 , my nephews and nieces seemed to enjoy it . Probably , because they were n't alive to endure years of 8-bit , 16-bit , and 32-bit processor TORTURE . To them , these incredibly weak and annoying graphics are something new . However , to me , after investing years of pain and suffering through all the older Atari , Intellivision , Nintendo , and Sega Genesis platforms , this XBOX version of the title Marvel VS Capcom is a step BACKWARDS . I expected more , and was highly dissapointed .
 Listen ... any serious fighting game enthusiast knows that MvC2 is a fantastic game and is probably one of the best fighting games ever made . But it is NOT worth $ 300 or even $ 120 -LRB- that 's how much a new copy of MvC2 on the PS2 will run you -RRB- . Seeing as how you can download this game from XBox Live or PSN for about $ 15 or you can buy a used copy of this game on EBay for a fraction of the cost , paying hundreds of dollars for this one game simply does not make sense.So unless you 're an avid video game collector with plenty of disposable income to burn , do not waste your money . There are better and cheaper options out there .
 ... the novelty wears off . The fact that the movie making experience is very limited , redundant , and totally lacking . The stratagy part of it together with the `` fun '' and creative parts of the game is completely off-putting . But it 's a fun game for the first 5-10 hours of play.If you enjoy sim games , try and get it on sale or borrow from a friend . If you do n't but this game sounds intreging , then think twice about this purchase .
 I feel like I got ripped off on this game . I was extremely excited when I bought it and thought the idea was really cool . Then it started glitching ! I was very patient with all the bugs . It freezes constantly . If you are trying to make more than one movie at once , it freezes . If you are trying to watch your movie , it freezes . I called customer support and got sent to India . So I emailed and got 3 different sets of convoluted instructions on how to fix it . None of them worked . The other problem is that the game is essentially short . It only lasts for the hundred or so years of movie history . Once you surpass that -LRB- into the new millenium past 2005 or so -RRB- , the dj 's go away and there are no interesting history tidbits to try to adjust for . For all intents and purposes , the games literally ends there ! You can keep playing and your stars will keep being ugly , demanding little snots requiring tons of micromanaging , but you do n't have anything to aspire to anymore . TEDIOUS . Could n't they have at least made something up for storylines after `` now '' ? What with the bugs and the stupid design decisions , I spent more time angry at this game than anything else . DO N'T buy it . I would n't have paid more than 10 bucks for it had I known it was going to run like it did . It is so full of glitches they never should have released it!BTW - customer service hinted that the glitches were something wrong with my computer ... MINE . All the research I did showed that other people with older computers than mine were having the same troubles . There is nothing wrong with my computer . What is wrong is that these people should have paid attention in computer design school or whatever it is they do to learn how to make these things!I know this all seems scathing , but I think -LRB- rather like the dyson commercials say -RRB- , that if you are going to pay good , hard earned money for something , you should expect it to work right.THIS GAME DOES N'T . DO N'T BUY IT .
 BEWARE
 I bought this game just after Christmas . It stinks . This is not a good simulation game at all . Firstly , most computers wo n't be able to run this game . It installs poorly , has frequent crashes when trying to launch the game , and the customer service is non-existent . The pathetic help menu is of no help at all , and the game offers you an opportunity , after crashing , to read the ReadMe File . Thanks ... big help . Try the BiteMe File , instead.Once the game is finally installed , you 'll find it 's a time-consuming bore . Micromanaging everything down to the characters ' bathroom breaks is not at all fun , and you 'll soon be very sorry you wasted your time , money , and enthusiasm on such a pathetic piece of software.Keep looking for a fun , simulation business game . It 's not here .
 to sum this up quickly , this is one of the most bland , boring , slow , and inspirationless RPGs i have ever played in my life . the battles reach a new level of monotony and the EXTREMELY stiff animations , bland backgrounds , and a total lack of texture variety contribute to this . the hugely frequent random battles are a huge turn-off , as you 'd think RPG designers all realized that random battles are not fun . the story is absolutely ridiculous and in the five or six chapters for all the characters that i trudged through , nothing happened that was at all interesting . nothing . of the three main characters , only Hugo is worth playing , since he 's the only one that EVER shows emotion or does ANYTHING worth watching . Chris and that mercenary guy whose name i forget are complete jokes . they 're the most pointless character designs i 've ever seen . their stories are absolutely NO fun . do n't even get me started on the secret chapters that you can unlock . Tom 's , for example , is a quest across the same three towns where you recruit people . you do n't know who you can recruit , so you have to talk to everyone in every town , and sometimes buy an item for them to convince them to join you . Fun . as for the music and sound , they 're just as sub-par . sound effects are SPARSE , and the music is as uninspired as it gets . i actually kept this game thinking it would get better considering the raving reviews -LRB- and the awesome intro -RRB- , but it 's absolutely pathetic . a massive tarnish on the suikoden series .
 After playing the two best RPG 's on the PSX console , I was excited to see Suikoden 3 come out on PS2 . I was angry that they made the graphics look too nice . Suikoden was known for its classic RPG graphics , and I loved them more than the PS2 graphics.This game 's plot is very weak and stupid . First of all , you have to follow the story through three different people 's lives . If you do n't do this in order -LRB- no true order is actually specified in the game -RRB- then it gets really confusing . You do n't understand the plot until you go through everyon 's character.This game is so bad , that I dont even consider it a Suikoden . This game is so horrible , that I have n't heard Konami talking about a Suikoden 4 . If it is anything like 3 , I hope they do n't . Go buy Suikoden 1 and 2
 Do n't let the flashy beginning sequence fool you , this game is bland throughout . I guess maybe I was expecting too much -LRB- had just finished playing ff10 -RRB- who knows . I just could n't get attached to the characters at ALL , and the plot/storyline can be completely ruined if you play it the wrong way . The dialogue was incredibly dull and seemed rushed and choppy . The backrounds and towns are somewhat comparable to those of Kingdom Hearts ... but you have to keep revisiting them OVER AND OVER AND OVER . I 'd say by the 50th time you go through Brass Castle , you just want to burn down the place and call it a day . And the music ... UGHHHHHH ! Nobuo Umatsu -LRB- music director for ff7 -RRB- , please visit the poor composers at Konami and smack some talent into them !! I just could n't believe how bad the backround and battle themes were , nothing fresh or new , every peice sounded like a bunch of dry keyboard effects . Movement in the game -LRB- as well as when moving in the game -RRB- goes very slow and becomes like a tedious chore . I will say that there are a few plot twists , but nothing you 'll care about 2 months after you finish it . But kudos to the character designers , there are 108 characters that are semi-drawn and playable -LRB- for the most part -RRB- , that must have taken A LOT of work . Its a shame the game could n't have turned out better , but its games like these that make the Final Fantasies look good right ?
 Common sense to me in making a good video game sequal , would be sticking to what made the previous installment/s great ... NOPE ! That ai n't gon na happen in this age ! For some reason game developers are almost sadisticaly compelled to add `` new '' stuff and completely throw away the tried and true elements that veterans of a series have come to know and love.Suikoden 3 is the fourth RPG that I have played for the PS2 which originated on an older system.And like the other three -LRB- Wild Arms 3 , Legend Of Legia 2 and Final Fantasy X -RRB- it -LSB- bites -RSB- because they change way too much ; almost to the point of feeling like an entirely diffrent game instead of a sequal.I hate to say it , but I think the death of good rpgs is upon us.Fun and traditonal gameplay is being replaced with eye candy and foreign concepts.I 'd rather play good ol' dragon warrior on the 8bit nintendo than these peices of junk!I STRONGLY advise lovers of the first two installments of suikoden to rent this game before buying it .
 I am sorry . I just bought this game and have been playing it for a week and have come to the following conclusion that it is not all it appears to be . The first two games in the series were awsome but this game has none of the things that made those games great . The game is totally linear with almost no freedom to explore and the 3d graphics do nothing to enhance the game and any similarity to the first two of the series seems to be put in as an afterthought . They attempt to make this a more plot filled game but the plot is unispired . The trilogy system just means you have to go through the same boring plot over and over again with different characters . I looked forward to this game so much and am hugely disappointed . Do n't wast your money on this game . Rent it first and you can make your own decision .
 Having played RPGs for a number of years with pencil and paper , I found this game to be very weak . I expect an RPG to have a plot and a story to tell , this is what Role Playing Games are all about . Suidoken III 's start is slow and reminiscent of Nintendo 's style of RPG 's which involve a lot of wandering around , hacking and slashing , with little plot to back up all of this wandering . The lack of voice overs for cut scenes also made the game a real eye sore after an hour of play.If you want a game with a real plot , buy Xenosaga . If you just want to beat things up , then this game is for you .
 I 'm about 40 hours in to the game . Graphics are HORRIBLE , you have to read ALL the dialog , there is no dubbing of any kind ... The areas you explore are linear ... a 5 year old could navigate these areas . Whoever developed the maps should get fired . The story is excellent , but they make you go through it 3 times ! Gets boring . This is one of those games that I had to put down and come back to out of boredom . I would not reccamend this game to anybody ...
 To me , the appeal of Suikoden 3 to so many people is one of the world 's greatest mysteries , right up there with Roswell , Stonehenge , Easter Island and JFK 's assasination . Why did so many people enjoy this game so much ? My theory is that someone switched the discs in my game when I bought it , and that I was actually playing a fake version of Suikoden 3 that really , really , REALLY sucked.Well at any rate , I 'll review the game that * I * played.Suikoden 3 is terrible . It is one of the most boring games I 've played in my life , and I played all the way through it . Up to the very end , I kept telling myself that the game MUST get better -LRB- based on the reviews I read -RRB- . Yep , right up to when they started rolling the credits I promised myself the game would get better.It did n't . Elizabeth R. Powell 's review is actually a pretty good description of my experience , though I would disagree with her contention that Hugo 's plotline was worth playing . It was n't . The worst part of the game hands are the game triggers -LRB- those events that happen when you enter a certain place that `` triggers '' the game to progress -RRB- . Some of the game triggers are so random it 's ridiculous . Sometimes , the game does n't even tell you what you need to do next -LRB- like the chapter you spend recruiting people , and you have to talke to EVERYBODY in ALL the towns you visit -RRB- . I spent countless wasted hours running from screen to screen trying to figure out how to progress that damn game , baffled because apparently I was supposed to know I to go to some remote corner of the castle to speak with some character I 've never even met before . How in the world was I supposed to know to do that ? And of course the overly high random encounter rate , coupled with the boring terrain and terrible music made the whole experience dreadful.The story hardly makes up for the game either . In fact , if the game had good gameplay , I 'd probably complain about the boring storyline . The uninspiring characters make you think Konami game designers flung darts at a personality chart to come up with their characters.All in all , not even worth a rental . But I do implore you , if you are the least bit curious about the game based on the other reviews -LRB- reviewers bribed by Konami no doubt , CONSPIRACY I tell you -RRB- , RENT , do n't buy , the game . Do n't worry , I 'm sure you wo n't mind if you do n't finish it in time .
 If you liked the second one odds are that you will hate this game.Rent it first and return it never play again .
 The story is interesting enough I suppose but do I ever hate the battle system and the forced camera angles as you move around . The battle system and the camera angles ruined the whole game for me , I could n't play it ... and having a donald duckesque character as my body guard really does n't help me take this game any more seriously . I am a huge fan of Suikoden 1 and 2 and this game ended up disappointing me to the point of wanting to stay far far away from any new Suikoden releases .
 You would think after all this time 989 could get it right ... NOT ! The graphics are TERRIBLE . The uniforms are horrible . The numbers on the jerseys look like they were drawn on with watercolor . The uniforms and the arenas looked alot better on PS1 . You would think that this being Sony 's premium game platform they would want their game to be the absolute best . This looks like they just slapped anything they could get out there.Why , oh why , can they not , after all this time get Madison Square Garden right . The game says it has all the arenas . MSG has a round , tan and brown ceiling with the lights in a circular pattern . They did n't even come close . In Faceoff '99 they had it right , but they put in the L.A. Forum!The gameplay is terrible also . Every time my winger got the puck I could zoom him off for a big break-away . Just deke left and shoot and you will score everytime ! 989 , You 've got a long way to go to show that you even care about putting a decent hockey game out there!I hate to admit that I spent the money , but if this review can keep someone else from spending theirs , then I guess it did some good !
 The game was aweful . The animations of the goalies is terrible , they fall over and lay on the ground . A 100 mph shot looks about 30 . I am at a loss for words , it just stinks . I think EAs game from 1997 is a better buy .
 one word for this game . AWFUL ! . the passing -LSB- stinks -RSB- , the shooting is slow , the graphics -LSB- stinks -RSB- , the commentating -LSB- stinks -RSB- . I wasted my money on this game and it -LSB- stinks -RSB- . I recommened you to get nhl 2k3 which i should have got . I definetly recommened you not to buy this game dont even waste ur money renting this game .
 This is going to be a quick review . This game is horrible ! I waited 4 weeks to rent this from Blockbuster and needless to say ... what a waste of my energy to even load this game into my PS2 . If you do n't believe me , try it for yourselves . ...
 I have heard that people really liked the game play of Shinobi , but I felt it was really lacking in some areas . Althought the fights were very interesting and actually fun to go through , it ended up being the same thing over and over again . Also , the story progressed nicely , but it you really had no hand in how the story progressed . It was as if you were in a maze and your objective was to get to the other end of the maze , but the only problem is the maze only consists of a solitary line , going from beginning to end.I just do not see any re-play value in the game !
 If you want to play the ultimate Shinobi game , go to the used game store near your house and pick up Revenge of Shinobi for the defunct Sega Genesis . Believe it or not , this game has more depth and ... dare I say it ... better graphics and sound -LRB- ! ... -RRB- than the new PS2 version.I never got past the second level of this game , not because it was too hard , but because the game is insanely boring . Every bad guy in the first stage is exactly the same , and there are no other challenges except to stab and slash your way through them . The first boss is ridiculous , and you do n't even get to -LSB- dispose of -RSB- it before some woman comes and helps you out.Then when the second stage started , and it looked exactly the same as the first stage , with the same enemies and backgrounds , I said , `` Enough with this . `` Revenge of Shinobi had creativity , unique challenges , well-thought-out levels , good music , excellent graphics and more ... none of which this version has . Perhaps if the creators of PS2 games would spend more time on gameplay and less time on cinema-style scenes between levels -LRB- that no one ever watches anyway -RRB- , we 'd get better games .
 Beware !!!! i watch all the reviews and thought it was a good game WROGGGGGGGGGG i played for two stages and that was it for me.lost all interest right away . so BEWARE this is a waste of money.im not going to waste writing more because it doesnt ZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzZZZZ sorry i felt sleep , i try to play it again zzzzzZZZZZZZ
 i had high hopes for this game , and bought it the day it came out . i absolutely loved the old shinobi series , and was glad to see a new installment . but this game fails to take advantage of the 7 years of progress in gaming since the `` shadow dancer '' hit the streets for the genesis . the potential was there for this game to follow in the footsteps of the tenchu , metal gear solid , and siphon filter series - open-ended levels , a need for stealth and intelligence , and an arsenal of cool weapons and items . instead , this game is a basic hack-and-slash affair with very little room for improvisation . you have a couple of cool moves , but can fly through levels just jumping around and swinging your sword . aside from the graphics and cutscenes , this game was a HUGE letdown .
 After seeing this game on TV commercials & on GTV -LRB- Games TV on Digital Cable CH .136 -RRB- I decided to BUY this instead of renting first which you should not do . Anyway , The graphics are looking 32 bit -LRB- Genesis -RRB- and the gameplay is just like a typical sega genesis game ! I agree with the guy below , Falling in a pit is gaurenteed more than your satisfaction with this game . You can tell this was a rushed project ! The cutscenes are the highlight of this game , they were cool but the graphics during gameplay ... ! The enemy AI is worse than Ninja Turtles & GTA , They might as well be mannaquins ! The obstacles were harder than the enemies . The first boss is a helicopter which is lame ! I highly recommend Way of the Samurai & Devil May Cry 2 instead if this game . Dante will be able to run along walls in the upcoming sequel ! Rent this before buying !
 What has brought the once mighty Sega so low , that they would release this piece of ... . gear , and try to pass it off as a game ? Shinobi , perhaps the coolest ninja series ever , is forever annihilated by this poor excuse for a. . . whatever it is . Hotsuma 's design is actually fairly decent as far as movement and effects . That 's where the buck stops though . The levels were drawn by a near-sighted fourth grader who was able to eek out some rectangles . Seriously , if you blink , you get instantly lost in levels where every wall looks the same -LRB- grey , drab , flat -RRB- , and you ca n't tell whether you are going forward or backward . As for the enemies , there is neither an attempt at or a pretense of any AI . Instead , as the levels progress , the enemies just get more and more hitpoints , and `` invincible angles '' -LRB- what a stupid feature -RRB- so that by sheer probability you are bound to mess up and die the next time you blink or sneeze . If you like aneurism induced comas , go ahead and buy this one . For all others , this is a pass .
 About a year ago after hearing loads of repeated mumblings concerning this titles difficulty and as someone who loves a challenging game , I decided to purchase this . Boy was it waste of my 6 $ . I 'm not really much of a stickler for graphics but I will say the games graphics were decent . In terms of presentation , this game fails at everything environment-wise . To go into the previous statement a little further , I will say that the games environments are all VERY shallow and lacking in creativity . I ca n't tell you how many times I saw the exact same dull environment design throughout my limited playthrough.The subject of gameplay is the sole reason why I gave this game 2 stars . Devil May Cry debuted on the PS2 in 2001 with hack and slash gameplay that was engaging , deep , and rewarding . Fast-forward to close to the end of 2002 and we have Shinobi ; a game with an inexcusable extreme lack of depth and repetitive soulless gameplay . I ca n't tell you how fast this game bored me with the SAME 1-2-3 combo combination ; Unlike Devil May Cry , you ca n't vary your slashes or work your projectile weapon into your `` combo . '' I could even accept that the sword constantly drained my health as I idled , but that fact added nothing in terms of feelings of tension or incentive to keep playing . In addition , it was kind of cool to pull of those multiple kills at first , but after I did it the 20th time in one level , that feeling of excitement lost its luster FAST.Now , I played about 6 levels , but after that I could go no more . I must again reaffirm it has NOTHING to do with difficulty , but this gameplay just led me to keep asking myself , '' . . so does it ever get deeper ? Does he get newer abilities as he progresses ? Does it EVER ... ? '' and it hit me like a rock when I realized the answers to all my questions was this
 This game is way to hard and repetitive . Your sword eats away at your health if you do n't feed it . The graphics are n't that good . The levels look alike . Hard to master the controls . The story is stupid .
 When i bought this game one of my expectations was that it would have some sort of stealth involved.I mean Ninja = stealth right ? they were assasins and spies in fuedul japan , there had to be stealth involved . I was disappointed to find that all you do is go around slaughtering enemies , that literally pop up out of no where ! And the reason you kill is , for revenge.Wow ! How original . If you like the older sega and nintendo games then this game is perfect . You get
 Okay ? I see a lot of great reviews for this game . Maybe it 's just me or maybe there is too much hype around this game . I just bought this game and the first thing I noticed is the lame graphics ! then I noticed that the scenery is repetitive . Plus people say how shinobi looks cool ???? I for one ca n't find any reason to consider this game worth while . And please do n't compare it to Devil May Cry cause it is nowhere in it 's league in graphics , gameplay or fighting mechanics . Hell there is n't even a similarity except for the fact that they are exclusive for PS2 . This game really blows ! It is so apprarent they just put this game together quickly slapped Shinobi on it and put it on the shelf to sell on name recognition alone . Let me tell you on it 's merits alone in gameplay it 's falls way short ! The only thing I found worth while about this game is the CG cuts and that 's it ! Please rent and do not buy ... I 'm telling you now or you 'll really regret it . Trust me !
 Whatever happened to the Shinobi plotlines in the old Genesis games such as Shadow Dancer , Legend of Shinobi and Shinobi III ? What happened to Joe Mushasi and his faithful dog sidekick ? What about the evil Union Lizard Corp ? None of that is in this . It 's just generic hokum and the Ninja dude is the only one to save the day.The graphics are very cool and the soundtrack amiable enough but the gameplay is so boring and gets very old and tired even by the second stage . It was cool slicing the bad folks in half the first few times but when the game takes time out to show them spurting blood for the fifty-millionth time it seriously gets on your nerves.There 's no variance or long-lasting appeal to this . It makes me long for the old-school Shinobi . Side-scrolling beat 'em ups such as Shadow Dancer are still better than this . It 's very dull . It looks good but it plays poorly .
 I remembered playing Shinobi -LRB- the original arcade version -RRB- when I was a kid and it was the first game I ever beat . That was a great feeling and I 'll never forget that . I was really looking foward to this and I bought it the first day it came out . All the other reviews are correct , after level 2 it got repeative -LRB- even the graphics -RRB- and really difficult . If anyone decides to play this I recommend gameshark codes , you 'll need them . I like challenges but this was more frustrating than a challenge . I was very dissapointed with this , they could 've done so much better . This game I wished I waited till the price went down , definately not worth the $ 50 , but I went ahead and bought it anyways ; bad mistake on my part . Some will like this and some will not .
 If you ca n't handle a full on rant do n't read this or my Golden Axe Beast Rider review I did a few months back . So here we go Shinobi PS2 or Shinobi 5 if you are a casual gamer do n't bother with this game it 's very difficult . It has to be said d ** n you Sega you have to bring back an old franchise & like how Sega has been ran since they went 3rd party have f *** ed it up & the story is pretty good but sh *** y controlls ruin it bad camera angles the controller freezing up I have to skip levels which makes me miss out on a pretty good story & it 's about this ninja Hotsuma who is trying to stop this group from resurrecting this Sorcer most of his clan have been killed & Tokyo is on the verge of collapse because of these new creatures called Hellspawn . Other than a good story this game is epic fail to what could have been a epic game . To Sega Shinobi , Golden Axe & Sonic all kicked a ** on the Genesis/Megadrive 1989-1998 . How about you play the original Genesis games Simon Jeffry .
 From a long time Shinobi fan , I am very dissapointed in this game . Its a pure action game with some cut scenes to highlight the hacking and slashing you will do throughout . Combos are intresting way to rack up points and power up your sword , but when you fight so many enemies at once and they block all frontal attacks , its gets very annoying . You end up jumping/dashing around everyone to try and get behind them but then the camera only does an adaquate job of keeping up and you lose half the enemies behind it - meaning attacks from the side you ca n't see.Graphics are pretty nice for the PS2 , but its definetly showing its age . The textures do get pretty bland and unimaginative though . Running through a city with pale purple neon lights and almost non-existant signs or moonlight or interactable objects besides a few boxes and vending machines is boring.Sound is average , no tunes stick out in my head and I usually forget its even playing after ahwile.Story is medicore at best - not really even worth mentioning.Controls get the job done.Even though I own all the other shinobi games on home consoles , I would have to recommend this as a rental . Go pick up one of the genesis titles for some better platforming action .
 I personally cant Believe i spent -LSB- the -RSB- bucks on this game . i never thought that sega made that good of games and they seem to be keeping it that way . I was bored sick with this game after one hour . The Music is terrible the graphics are OK but the enimies you face are 100 % corny ! Where do the winged Heads come into the story ? ...
 played mission where you have to blow up a whole bunch of boats and barges going down a river in a certian amount of time . I 've tried aleast 75 to 100 times and ca n't get any further . When are they going to program in by-pass capability so when your stuck at least you can move on , finish the game and get your moneies worth of play from it .
 This game is the worst thing to come out for the XBOX console.The coolest thing about this title is the name , it 's all downhill after that.This would have been a cool game for first generation PSx , but the gameplay , graphics , control , sound , objectives , weapons , etc. . . are all way below XBOX caliber.When this game turned up missing after my XBOX and games were borrowed I was actually relieved I did n't have to throw it away myself . Worst game EVER !!!
 I was so elated to find out Konami was releasing a new version of the SNES classic Contra 3 for the Gameboy Advance . To my disappointment , I did n't find myself having as much fun with this version as I did several years ago on my old 16 bit machine . My biggest gripe is that the game walks the fine line between excessively challenging and unenjoyably frustrating . What were the developers thinking ? You can no longer toggle between weapons ; rather whatever you pick up is what you shoot with . This would n't be a major issue if certain weapons were n't useless in certain situations . There are also no more bombs so you better pray you have quick reflexes to get you out of those super tight spots . Aside from the difficulty issue , the only other major flaw is the archaic password/save feature which is totally inconvinient for a portable game . Everything else is actually O.K. . The game looks just like the old SNES version and has aged quite gracefully making for a really nice looking portable game . Controls are tight and alleviate some of the stress from the frantic learning curve . If your looking for an insanely hard shooting game -LRB- and I mean INSANELY HARD -RRB- for those long car rides , by all means Contra Advance is a perfect choice . For those looking for a game that is a little more enjoyable and rewards skill rather than luck , you should go somewhere else ; and for the old Contra fans , pick it up used for some old thrills , then pull out your SNES and really put some time into the old game .
 I was thrilled with the idea of this game . I could n't imagine playing a game like Contra III on a bus , or at an airport or wherever . I 'd probably start screaming and putting random people in the Crippler Crossface or something , and eventually getting sued , only to tell the judge I was playing Contra III , and he would say , `` The defendant has pleaded ` Contra III ' , case dismissed . '' Contra III had that kind of effect on you , in a GOOD way . Unfortunately , this game has that effect on you in a BAD way.First of all , it 's worth noting that the overhead levels of Contra III were replaced with a couple levels from the Sega Contra game . Okay , that 's fine . Oh , and also , you can only hold on to one gun at once and there are no bombs in the game . Ehh , alright , so it 's more of a combination between Contra III , Contra
 Do Not Buy This Game ... . not like the original SNES version . It is also way too hard . Their is just way too much going on for such a small screen , you cant help but get disoriented . This game should of never been made for game boy . On a big screen with a real controller , yeah it would totally be cool .
 I was expecting this game to rock ... . The controls are unresponsive . The sense of speed is nonexsitent and makes me wonder why they even put the turbo button in the game in the first place . The graphics are lackluster and there are n't many options -LRB- there are only 3 modes to the whole game -RRB- . However the courses ... are cool b/c they are so large and unique . Nevertheless , I seriously suggest renting this one first and definitely play Splashdown before buying .
 I rented JetX2O with the hopes that it would be essentially another SSX Tricky , but this time on water instead of on snow ... and I was severely disappointed : - -LRB- For a game which combines speed/placing and tricks , SSX Tricky is definitely the pinnacle of the extreme games genre . SSX Tricky also has numerous characters with a great variety of personalities , plus a massive number of customizable features for the characters . JetX2O , on the other hand , has fewer characters , fewer choices in equipment -LRB- jetskis compared to snowboards -RRB- , and a far less interesting array of personalities among the characters.In its favor , JetX2O does have some intriguing courses . There are pop-up ramps , trick bonuses , numerous obstacles , blind and semi-blind corners , and a good variety of scenery and locales . This certainly helps to draw the player into the game , but only to a certain point.Where the game TRULY lacks is in the ability of the player to identify with the characters , to find points of interest with the characters , and to essentially WANT a particular character to represent her or him in the game . A large part of this `` lack '' is due to the voice acting , which is certainly not impressive by any means.Ranking above the game 's characters , the announcer -LRB- emcee , narrator , sportscaster , or whatever -RRB- is not really at all interesting during the events themselves . The introduction to the different event venues is definitely interesting , and seems to be somewhat improvisational -LRB- almost in the same manner as much of Robin Williams ' voice acting performance in portraying The Genie in Disney 's Aladdin -RRB- - and this works rather well in the venue overviews - but this same `` inner fire '' seemingly disappears once the events get underway . This is unfortunately in VERY sharp contrast with the announcer in SSX Tricky , who is seemingly very much into the many events and is just as much a part of the game as the obstacles and the ramps and the trick bonuses themselves.Another significant drawback to JetX2O is that the game 's menu interfaces all seem rather `` clunky '' at best . Obviously , extremely little time and thought was afforded to the menus , as there is no apparent fluidity when progressing from one menu screen to another . The character selection menu and the jetski selection menu are definitely better than the rest of the menus in the game , but even these do not convey the feeling of an extreme sports game ; certainly , the characters move about and chatter , but something still seems to be missing which almost prevents the player from wanting to continue on to the events themselves.Overall , JetX2O is truly left to only those few diehard jetski fans who are also diehard console gamers . Whereas SSX Tricky -LRB- and SSX before it -RRB- was able to easily draw in a vast array of gamers - including those -LRB- such as myself -RRB- with no experience in snowboarding or any extreme sports - and present a beautiful mix of events and characters and venues and `` extras '' -LRB- such as the announcer -RRB- , JetX2O fails in almost ALL these aspects . This game is worth a short rental , but is certainly NOT worth buying for the majority of potential players .
 Earlier this year , amid some personal turmoil , I decided that I would use some of my tax return to invest in a next-generation gaming system . In deciding to go with an Xbox , I had read about several exclusive games that got me really excited about the the system . This game was one of them . It promised a free roaming environment , open-ended gameplay , and the title `` best superhero game ever '' . In the months prior to its release , it got a cover story in the Official Xbox Magazine and quite a bit of press . As it got closer and closer to release date , I heard less and less about it . Its release was unheralded , and at the time of this writing , Amazon does not even have a box graphic . These are signs of unfulfilled promises , folks ... Man of Steel , as far as I have played it , anyhow , is in no way free-roaming or open-ended in its game play . I think I had more freedom in the 2600 game . All the missions I have played so far have been very time-based and any exploration of the environment whatsoever will pretty much get shut down when your mission fails.Even without these promised aspects of gameplay , Superman
 I 'm a huge Superman fan . You know the bit read the comics since I was a kid , absolutley love the movies , watch the TV series etc. . That 's why downing this game is such a let down . This game is only for people who wo n't believe anything with the `` S '' can be bad until they try it ... like me . First off I would n't recommend this for the younger audience namely because of the difficulty . The game pretty much just throws you in the game and gives you quick messages like `` Oh yeah ! Here 's how you do this ! '' . The controls are controller breaking frusterating . You confront ten enemies at once and find yourself getting shot by all while trying to manevuer to get a lock on one . Unlike the PS2 's Superman
 Superman The Man of Steel seemed like a super game at first . It controls well , has decent graphics , and has all of Superman 's powers . However , I didnt even finish this game , since it got so boring and repetitive . It had great potential , but every misson feels the same , and they all are . They are all basically `` go to point a and destroy those robots '' . And after you destroy those robots in point A , it makes you go to point B , and over again . You can fight villans though . If you are a hardcore fan of Superman comics and stuff , you may enjoy this . But I can say that I didnt . It could have been so good too . Its the most authentic Superman game i 've ever played , and probably the best one ever . Thats not saying very much though , considering Superman 's dark videogame history ...
 the controls are devastating to this game . Ofcourse if you play it long enough , you will somewhat get the hang of it , but that 's ridiculous . if you 're flying , there is one way to go up and down , but if you 're standing still , its another way and one way is inverted while the other is n't . Its extremely frustrating.I am a big superman fan , but this is too much . the graphics are cool , kind of comic book style and the powers are nice , but the contols just kill this game .
 Let 's break down this horrible insult to the reputation of the Man of Steel together , shall we?Gameplay : First off , the control system is completely counter-intuitive , an unforgivable thing in a game that centers on your ability to consistently track and rotate around enemies and goals . You have six different preset control settings , all of them bad , and no option for customized controls . This one inclusion might have made this game at least fun , if not great.Your superpowers are visually impressive but are not very well executed . Flight controls are very loose and awkward , but this might be tolerable if it were n't so tightly tied to the fighting system . Before you can punch , freeze , or fry an enemy you have to establish a target lock . In this game , Superman has a slow `` hover '' flight mode and a faster `` turbo '' mode . The target lock can be easily broken by your enemy as they can easily outdistance you in hover mode and you break the lock yourself if you try to fly faster . Unforgivable . Also , your heat vision and super breath are too weak to be of use unless they are charged up for a few seconds , but those few seconds are often the difference between completing a level and having the fun of starting all over again from the beginning . Oh yes , there are NO checkpoints . It 's all or nothing from level to level , and if killing the same things over and over were n't repetitive enough just going through the game once ... When carrying anything , whether it 's people , vehicles , or a giant antenna , Superman slides around the hapless victim of superpowered inertia . This might have been all right , and actually added a bit to the game if it only happened with the larger objects , but it 's kind of pathetic if Superman ca n't compensate for the added mass of a single person . It 's pretty much impossible to get Superman to stop anywhere in the vicinity of your goals when you 're carrying something . Speaking of goals , why would Superman waste his time putting out a fire when there are hundreds of robots flying around destroying the city ? Does n't Metropolis have a fire department ? Somewhat nonsensical , do n't you agree?Graphics : It 's a fairly pretty environment , but a couple things struck me as odd . One thing I noticed while flying around Metropolis there are NO people in the city . None . Empty as an AA meeting unless your goal is to rescue someone , then suddenly there are a few people standing around the goal to welcome the victim back to the ground . Then they disappear . The other exclusion is that while there are flying cars -LRB- ? -RRB- , there is a monorail track and regular city streets but no train or land cars.Sound : The music is bad , and the voice acting / dialogue is insanely melodramatic and cheesy . `` Great Krypton '' is dusted off and reused in this game repeatedly . Sigh.Conclusion : Goodness , I ca n't believe you read all the way down here . I guess I did n't do a good enough job trying to talk you out of it and you 're a way more committed Superman fan than I am . Go right ahead and add to cart , you masochist .
 The only plus side of this game is the graphics , the city looks great . But to no avail because there are no people who populate it . The only difference between this and the N64 game is that it 's not a virtual world and it takes a little longer for you to realize the game -LRB- is less than par -RRB- . The controls are horrible , the missions are way to tedious ; the designers throw fifteen task at you at once and give you a 2 sec time limit to complete . That 's supposed to be fun ? This game was definetly rushed and its a shame we consumers have to suffer through it . Designers please take the time to do a game right , beta test it , fix the mistakes . We will wait for a great game over being sold -LRB- less than par goods -RRB- ! I want my money back .
 Ok , I bought the game 3 days ago and played it for about 5 minutes . I have been reading about it in magazines before it was released and was thinking that it would really be cool to have a superman game , and I could n't have been more wrong.It took me about 5 minutes to get bored . You fly around to these giant robots and punch them and theyre dead . I thought that there would be somewhere you could go so that you could just fly around . There isnt that I found , I may be wrong though . The game starts with Clark and Lois walking down the street and apparently theyre married , those graphics arent all that great in the intro . I was just incredibly disappointed in the game , I mean superman can be killed ???? Whats up with that ? The flying is very limited , you go up down left or right and thats it , there is no way to loop or roll or anything like that . You just fly to where the HUD pointer is telling you to go , push a button to lock onto a target and punch or use your laser eyes or blow cold air . A complete waste of money , but if any of you out there jsut have to have a copy and do n't want to blow too much money , contact me , mine can be purchased : -RRB-
 Plays like superman needs to goto an AA meeting ! Hard to control and try putting the 3 towers on the 3 roofs ! Try Wolenstein or HALO !
 I ca n't understand why these other reviewers actually like this game . Here is where you get screwed
 I wanted to enjoy this game as much as the first three Spyro installments -LRB- on the PS2 -RRB- . Much of this game is similar to those originals , and enjoyable . However , the following were some extremely annoying problems : - some early levels stuttered -LRB- visually -RRB- - some sounds would n't play -LRB- e.g. on speedways , the acceleration and weapon power-ups made no noise -RRB- - the camera positioning was mostly good , but was occasionally annoying-to-very-annoying . - on dark/nighttime levels , it was hard to see exactly where edges were , which made some jumps quite frustrating - the boss battles against Ripto are the most annoying I 've ever played
 As you guys probably know , I am an avid fan of Crash Bandicoot and Spyro the Dragon . The PS1 enries were really enjoyable for all ages and helped define my childhood and preteen years . However , as usual , when a franchise is given over to different companies , there is always a dip in quality and this is a prime example of a game that the developers did n't have that much time to work on . This is the same case as the first Rocky game for the same console generation along with Sonic 2006 , Tomb Raider
 im normally a first person shooter fan . but this does not mean ive got biased opions on platform/adventure type games . i used to go crazy with n64 platformers . as it is ive also own several for the dreamcast and gamecube . this game is just WRONG on so many levels . first of all i found it very difficult to operate the controls . i normally dont figet over little things like controls . several games people were complaining about because of supposive bad controls ive played and had no problem . but the controls in this game are just plain horrific . typical platformer manuevers like jumping short distances from ledge to ledge are an excecise in sheer luck some of the time . i have to say the controls alone take away any possible enjoyment in this game . but then there is also a nearly unusable camera . the camera like the controls seems to have not even been tested . as when youre running around onscreen the camera constantly jerks around in some pretty akward manners . if youre playin a special challenge or something like that expect the camera and controls to contrubuite to many of your constant deaths . graphically i know ps2 is more capable than this . while there are a few sections that look pretty-lau island . the game mostly is very drab and while bright and colrful looks quite poor compared to other ps2 games . also just so you know the game is usaully locked in at 12 frames per second . the basic idea is to capture dragonflies which is shown in a breif nonsencical opening to the game . catching dragonflies unfortunately takes up much of the meat of the gameplay . which is insanely frustrating because you can get into 5 minute pull your hair out chase bouts to the point you just wan na scream . imagine trying to perfectly position a flawed camera system just to catch a dragonfly . it comes to me as nonsensical they run away from you . then again none of the script makes sense and would not appeal to a nine year old because nne year olds are probally writing it . the game is very short about 4 houurs .
 I love Spyro for PS1 and the only reason I wanted PS2 was for Spyro . Thank goodness I have found other games because this one is not good at all . Spyro 's reaction and walking is slower and does n't move as smoothly as the PS1 versions do . I did n't even want to continue playing the game so my 4 year old son plays it now and it even makes him mad at times . I would not recommend this game for anyone who truly loves Spyro and is used to playing him on PS1 .
 I have always enjoyed the other games , but this one suck . In the other games you visited other worlds , and had really great challenges . But this was only in one little world , and hardly any levels or challenges . I would suggest you not get this game . It was really bad . The only thing that was good was the change in the quality of the graphics compared to the other games , and the extra special powers that Spyro gets . But to be honost , it 's not worth having . I mean I beat this game in half a day and I like games that are challenging and take some time to accomplish . Not something that you can beat in half a day . Do n't waist your time or money on this game . It is n't worth it .
 This is the worst game ever , definately not a good game . Kids may like it a little , but if you all are 10 and over dont buy this . This is the easiest game ever and incredibly BORING . Trust me , this is not worth buying , and if you get it , go trade it in at Gamestop , I got 11 dollars for it and I got it for 10 dollars at Massachusetts .
 This game is nowhere near as fun as its predecessors . The game is pathetically short , and each level is a sad approximation of level designs from the previous Spyro games . Game play is ridiculously easy ; no challenge whatsoever . I 'm not sure that it 's even worth renting.Stick to the first three !
 When I first saw this game in Best Guy , I thought `` Wow , cool ! The new Spyro games 's out ! '' Then I bought it for $ 50 . That moment I could 've ate the $ 50 bill , crapped it out , wiped myself with it and give it to a homeless guy and I would 've had more fun then I did with this piece of crap you call a game . The music sounds like a retarded monkey in a music shop . The voice acting is so choppy , it sounds like William Shatner after eating a peanut-butter sandwhich with popcorn kernels . It 's like Confidential Mission or House of the Dead for the Arcade . This game makes South Park Rally look like Banjo Tooie . So in short , this game sucks
 If you 're going to play Spyro
 This is a sad excuse for a game . If you want better , buy Metroid Prime . If you want worse , buy Monsters Inc. . Scream Arena . Buy Metroid . Not this .
 I ` am a spyro fan but I ` am disappointed on this spyro game and heres why.The loading times are slow , also their are a ton of gliches in this game and it can freeze . The game play and the graphics and the plot are k but not really great.Plus ripto is back again for his 3rd time which really bothers me that they cant make new ones . The abilits and weapons havent really changed that much and the bubble breath is useless onless used on a drgaon fly . the ice breath freeze them only the fire and electric braeth do damage.I hope they cure this promblem and stop making ripto come back.I think spyro 1 was way better then this spyro game and that was made a long time before this spyro game.spyro one has got better reviews then this game and so has 2 and 3 for the playstation.If your not a spyro fan dont buy this game , I hope other spyro fans see my point that this is a bad spyro game.I think this is the worst spyro game I 've ever played in my life.This also goes for the ps2 and the xbox version -LRB- if made -RRB- of this spyro game.If i could have gave a 0 for this spyro game i would have .
 What ruins this game is the fact that is suffers from numerous programming bugs that make the game look cheap . The game lacks for inspiration in other areas besides graphics . The story is just a rehash of the first adventure , which by the way is a classic game . This Spryro is just as cute , but the game is half as clever . If you missed the first 2 games on Playstation then you have missed the best Spyro has to offer . My advice is skip this game and find yourself a more worthy purchase .
 wow this game is the end to the spyro line . It lacks entertainment value , its hard to master the controls , and its also a rip off of a good 20-30 some dollars . if it was my oppinion i would discontinue the game , becausethis game really is a stinker !
 This spyro game has extremly long load times , you could go out , take a walk , and make a sandwich and when you come back It will still be loading . The sound effects are repetative and the voice-overs are painful . Most of the time I played this game with the sound muted . The music is okay , but it could be better . I do n't think I ever reached the 3rd level , It was just too slow for me .
 i wish i could give it 0 stars , but its not a choice . where should i start ?? the first level ... no comment . the first level took me an hour and i STILL didnt finish it ... pointles game !! thats ALL i have to say about it . i was smart and rented it and am i glad i didnt buy it ... for those of you who like to be bored ... this is the perfect game for you !!
 spyro enter the dragonfly is a pathetic excuse for a game . theres numerous glitches jagginess in graphics and too much gem collecting . youre going to have to go around collecting as much as 1000 gems yes 1000 gems . one of the things i liked about spyro games was that they were fairly long . each had somewhere between 20-30 levels . but this peice of junk has only 8 . besides the game is just a much worse version of all the others . i love spyro but i hate this game . not only that enter the dragonfly has one of the worst camera systems ever . simple things like trying to jump from one platform to another at very close range can be a difficult task . usuaully i just fall and its in lau island . if you fall you have to swim underwater then do about 5 more minutes of platform jumping every single time . youll fall quite often off a platform then its another 5 minutes of pointless irritating work . and if you beat this game geuss what happens nothing . the game has groce camer angles awful storyline telling repetitive levels and unfair controls . whatever you do do not buy this game . just rent it if you must play it .
 I mean look , Spyro was good in his early days , but now , he 's garbage . The spyro saga has took a turn for the worst . I mean this game grows boring reel fast , and I 'm glad I rented it . Spyro was one of my favorite games , now it 's one of the best games that can spell G-A-R-B-A-G-E !! Do not enven spend ur money 2 rent or spend ur time 2 borrow , this is the game that tarnished the shining saga .
 This is just not a very good game . It 's something to do if you already have it , but if you do n't own it , do n't buy it . If you want something like this , I 'd suggest getting `` Spyro
 I 'm a spyro fanatic if the game is on Playstation , but the conversion to GameCube was poorly made . There are just way to many bugs in it . For example while I was playing it froze , could n't move , could n't even save . Maybe next time the Spyro team will take their time , not to mention test the game before they release it to the market .
 In the comercials they made this game look so awsome and when I got , IT SUCKED !!! There is only 1 world . This game made Spyro look bad.All the friends I have think this game is the worst game in Spyro history ! If you are reading this and you have this game , SELL IT !
 Spyro 4 sucks ! It freezes up to many times . The breaths are cool , but the game sucks . The plot is stupid . Plus they switched the people who made it . Spyro 2 and 3 I recomend that you get them . Camera angles suck . Camera angles suck . It sucks monkey butt ... . Cudos to X Play .
 This game is HORIBBLE . There are annoying glitches galore , gameplay is absolutly awful , and the story is stupid . The old Spyros , even though the graphics are a little out dated , are fun and witty . This game is a disgrace -LRB- hope this does n't happen to Ratchet and Clank -RRB- .
 Its very dull , and its the exact same concept as all the other ones . Find gems , kill monsters , collect treasure , save the world from disconfigured sorcerers , bla bla bla .
 Its very dull , and its the exact same concept as all the other ones . Find gems , kill monsters , collect treasure , save the world from disconfigured sorcerers , bla bla bla .
 Enter the Dragonfly has good graphics and fun gameplay , but it is not going to be a challenge for experienced players . The characters are often fun and silly , and they constantly bounce up and down in an annoying manner . There are nine levels , and each one has some sort of challenge portal -LRB- driving a tank , racing against the clock or rivals , sliding down a slide , etc. -RRB- . Spyro uses fire , ice , elctric , and bubble elements . He also can use wing shield , charge , and horn dive . For those that do not know , it focuses on puzzles and challenges , not on combat like the Legend of Spyro series . Overall , while it is relatively fun , it will probably be short-lived entertainment for experienced players .
 After the other 3 Spyro games on the PS1 and how AWESOME they were , we got this one after . When I was younger I was excited , but now that I 'm a lot older , my opinion has changed about the game.Pros + Still the old school Spyro gameplay - collecting gems , collecting a key item -LRB- in this game it was dragonflies -RRB- + Can shoot bubbles , ice , and thunder -LRB- my personal favorite -RRB- instead of just fire now . + Has all the abilities from the past Spyro games so you do n't have to necessarily reobtain them.Cons-Only one world , with 8 levels -LRB- 9 if you count the ` home ' world -RRB- - The 8 levels can get dull and hard to find , especially if you 're missing 1 gem.-The minigames are kind of boring and repeated over the course of the 8 levels , except in the luau level with the drums , and the jungle where you had to climb that massive tower.-The game gets laggy in a speedrun stage.-The bubble breath is really useless , only used for catching dragonflies.-The ` wing shield ' is also extremely useless , used in one level to get one dragonfly , plus the hit redirection is backwards.-Moneybags is only met ONCE in the entire game , and it 's in the first level . You only need to pay him 200 gems and that 's it . Gems are n't used in the rest of the game except for 100 % completion , and you do n't get the gems you paid back like you did in the other games.-The final boss is kind of hard at first but really stupid once you figure out the pattern -LRB- or just go on GameFAQs and find out how to kill him -RRB- - The game took less than 10 hours for me to beat . It is really short.I honestly thought this game could 've been a lot better being on stronger and better hardware than a PS1 . They did pretty good with the GBA version that came out BEFORE this one . I do n't see why they could n't follow it.In conclusion , do n't bother with this game unless you are a major Spyro fan , or if you can snag it for $ 5 or less .
 I love almost every apect of this game , except is has a habit of freezeing up especially on challenge boards when you are winning . Personally I like this one the least of all the Spryo 's and I love these games !
 EASY and Annoying ! It take a long time to load and the voice-overs are stupid . The graphics are very good but not for GameCube , it 's just better than the old ones . I recomend you wait for a new one to come out because you 'll fly right through it . Literally !
 Aside from being a fraction of the gameplay of previos Spryo games , it is full of BUGS . Be prepared to restart your gamecube if you buy this game , I believe this is actually a beta version of Spryo . I would suggest not wasting money on this game .
 There is no way that this game was tested thoroughly before release . I feel robbed ! I think that Universal Entertainment owes all Spyro fans a big appology . The frame rates are incredibly slow and nauseating . The story line makes no sense , the game does not flow smoothly . It does not live up to the previous three games . If you want to play a good Spyro game , I suggest you go back to one of the first 3 games .
 If your looking for the old Spyro you wo n't find it here . Vivendi Universal has totally trashed the Spyro legacy.Anything that can be wrong with a game is in this one . Looks like Vivendi Universal released this game before they even tested it because as far as I 'm concerned this game is unplayable . Long load times and frame rate problems are just a few of the problems . I played this game for 10 minutes and I could not play it anymore . Do n't waste your money . Buy Insomniacs new game Ratchet & Clank . It 's 10 bucks cheaper and 1000 times better . FYI - Insomniac was the original developer of Spyro .
 This game is horrid . It 's slow , ridiculously hard is some parts and hard in others , and just horrid . The game play is sketchy , the plot is meaningless , the controls are badly designed ... Dont ' bother spending your money on this .
 The gameplay is excrutiatingly slow and the graphics get choppy if you get Spyro to run . All in all , compared to the other Spyro Playstation platform games , this is a joke . Any visual improvements are lost in the sloppy design and game flow.Bring back Insomniac !
 I own all the spyro games and this one was no where near as hard as the rest of them . The only thing that was better than previous Spyros was the graphics . The game was way to easy , I beat it in a week and I am not even a huge gamer .
 i love spyro iv played all of them this is the worst not the worst season of ice is the worst you barley see hunter bianca pofesser is not even there money bags is only on the first level ripto is only seen two times on riptos rage you see him 6 times and why isnt crush and gulp arnt a boss riptos hard but doesnt take long to beat him only takes 3 hits and he just gives up but on spyro 2 it takes like 40 hits and plus he doesnt give up he dies
 Fireblade puts you behind the stick of a stunning variety of two fictional helicopters smack dab in the middle of a stunningly boting and weak story.Fireblade is an anti-terrorist orginization . Ca n't you see that line bathing in the word `` UNORIGINAL '' ? Actually , there 's pretty much no story . Basically all you do is blow stuff up , sometimes with a time limit . Yawn.What I 'd like to see from a helicopter game is some believable helicopters . Modern helicopters , like H-60s or something.I 'd also like to see an origninal story.I 'd also like to see more riveting game play . `` Fireblade '' could almost act like a lullaby .
 I was totaly upset with this game ... i think TFOTR for GBA was better ! I turned in my game used cause on PS2 it stunk ... Buy TFOTR and TTT both on GBA !
 To say it bluntly , this game blows ... seriously . You would think they would work extra hard for such a great movie but no . It was an extremely short game , absolutely unchallenging and boring . I think i 've said enough ... if you 're considering getting this game , trust me and look for something else , you 'll thank me later .
 where was Saruman ? this could be the lamest game i ever played . i beat it in 3 hours . sad huh ?
 This is absolutley terrible , what were they thinking ? The graphics alone rank ! I should n't even refer to them as graphics but rather `` cartoon '' graphics . The mission and storyline are bogus and lame . I dare anyone who says this is a great game to play EA 's Two Tower or Return of the King then play this one.If you do n't mind wasting your money , then go for it and buy it , but if you want great games that enhance the LOTR book and movies , go and buy EA 's Two Towers and Return of the King .
 The Lord of the Rings
 this game is boring . in the beginning , all u do is run around as frodo lookin 4 stuff . when u actually get 2 fight the gameplay stinx anyway . the 2 towers is a whole lot better .
 Kraft must have developed this game because it 's totally cheezy . DO NOT spend money on this . If you think you must play it , rent it . Frankly , I rented it and I 'm depressed that I paid Blockbuster $ 5.99 , it was n't even worth that . Game play is completely boring and campy . If you 're a LOTR fan , play Two Towers by EA . It is 1000 times better than this . It has exciting , challenging , pulse-racing game play as opposed to this snooze-fest . Two Towers has actual movie clips throughtout and even has cast interviews that you unlock after beating levels . The movie cast does the character voices and the characters look quite a bit like the actors . In FOTR , they are cartoony imitation people . The whole thing is incredibly lame.I supposed if I had n't of played Two Towers , this game might have been better . But after seeing how EA did it , this leaves a LOT to be desired . I definately say rent , do n't buy .
 After waiting for 30 minutes to get through opening dialogue and the never-ending loading screens , I was relieved that there actually was a game part to this ... until I started playing . The play control is revolting , the characters look like walking dolls . Oh yeah , and after trying 7 times to get past the OPENING SECTION -LRB- a.k.a. getting past the Dark Riders -RRB- , I failed to get past the Gamgee land . No matter where you go , the damn thing sees you and you lose . I 'm glad I only rented it instead of spending hard earned money on the worst PS2 game I 've EVER played . I would n't even recommend it to my worst enemy .
 This Game is one of the wearst games that I have ever played . I never want to play this again . The graphics are very bad . game play is not good .
 this game was a great dissapointment . although you got to play three different characters there were no special moves and the whole game was not challenging whatsoever . there are parts that have nothing to do with the book , and it took me about 3 hours to beat the game . it 's not worth 50.00 . so dont buy this game .
 Wow , what a let down . Here 's the short version .1 . Horrible control . Very awkward , especially the camera . Worst camera I 've seen in a game like this in a long long long time .2 . Short/small/linear . Laughably short . I beat this game in 5 hours . No cheats , no hints , ... so short , so easy , just ... . laughable.Go buy/rent Drakan the Ancients gate . Uses a similar engine -LRB- the good parts done by surreal -RRB- , but just a much much much better game , in every way imaginable.I certainly would n't recommend buying this , and I be hard pressed to even recommend renting it , it 's not even worth the 6 bucks it cost to rent ... what a let down , avoid at all costs .
 This may not be the worst game of the year for the PS2 , but it is certainly one of the most disappointing . Let 's cut right to the chase , because I only have 1,000 words to describe how bad it is.Short . Really short ! The movie was almost longer -LRB- almost -RRB- . I did n't use a stopwatch , but I would estimate I beat it in about 6 hours . The levels were all very small and fragmented , so there was n't a very good flow to the game . The only thing long about this game was the loading times.Easy . Easiest game I 've ever played . I probably used the block button about 10 times . Did n't need to . There was an incredible amount of health , unlimited projectile weapons , few enemies , & portions of the fellowship would help you . Sometimes you did n't even have to attack the enemy , you could just run away and let Gimli wipe out the orcs for you . I only used the ring on Frodo once -LRB- to become invisible -RRB- just to try it out . Did n't need it . There was one mind numbingly hard part though . Sneaking past the Dark Riders in the Shire took me nearly 50 trys . The puzzles were little more than wandering around these very small levels to collect various easily found shimmering objects . Boring.Hard to control . Frodo was especially hard to control . He could sneak , walk , or run -LRB- pressure sensitive -RRB- . But I 'll be danged if I could get him to walk more than 2 steps before he would start running , or sneaking . It was hard to get him to jump on things to . Not impossible , just harder than it needed to be . Aaragorn & Gandalf were much easier . The combat system was fairly easy to control because it consisted of mainly mashing the square button.Other qualms . Gandalf 's spells were kind of weak . The BOSS characters did n't really require any special techniques to defeat . No real sense of taking a journey , like the book or movie conveys.Things I liked . The music was pretty good I thought . The graphics were decent . I also thought it was neat when I realized the fellowship could help you in battle , until I realized the battles would never get any harder.I am a huge fan of the book and the movie , and no matter what the reviews , there was nothing going to stop me from getting this game ; but I am also a fan of good video games , so I do n't understand how anyone is giving The Fellowship of the Ring 5 stars . They must be from the Black Label production crew 's mothers . If you just ca n't get enough LOTR , then go ahead and get it , but if you just want a really great fantasy action/adventure game , try Drakan .
 With the looming release of the blockbuster in the making next installment of the Lord of the Rings film series , it was inevitable that the license would be delved into video games . The recent wave of LOTR licensed games have ranged from great -LRB- LOTR
 I was excited to see this game come out , and even more so when I heard it followed the book more than the movie . I was a fan of the books long before the movies came out . Props to Surreal for throwing in the Barrow Wights and Tom Bombadil . BUT , that was all that earned this one any stars . If you really are a hard-core Tolkien buff , you may want it , but not as a challenging game . Even strays from the story QUITE a bit in some places -LRB- i.e. , the ending -RRB- . Final ending was short and corny.I 'll admit it was fun , but WAAAYYY too easy . After I got past Lorien in 4 hours , I thought I might slow down . Entire game beaten in under 5 hours - and I was taking time to enjoy it.Getting past the ringwraiths in the beginning was tricky , but easily done after you see the patterns . Fighting never got harder after the first enemy . My biggest complaint is that it seems as though they may have rushed it to get it released before EA 's Two Towers . There were only one or two cut-scenes that were high-quality animation , and those stuck out as unusual because the rest of the cut-scenes were of the same polygon animation style as the gameplay . Gameplay was way too easy - hardly every had to use Gandalf 's spells except with the Balrog . And just as you thought it was going to get to a tough part of the story , like crossing Caradhas -LRB- sp -RRB- , a cut-scene would pop up with Gandalf just narrating , `` So after a failed attempt of crossing Caradhas , we entered the mines of Moria . `` Not very good as an RPG , should have had choice over which character you wanted to use when , would have liked to have seen -LRB- or even have control over -RRB- the whole fellowship at once , way too easy , and WAY too short . They ought to have just waited and make one long game of the whole trilogy . But , the fan that I am , I will probably go out and get EA 's Two Towers soon . I hear it 's much better , and covers the important parts of FOTR anyway .
 I made a terrible mistake and bought this game for $ 49.99 the day it came out . If I waited a month -LRB- which I wished I did -RRB- I could 've bought it for $ 20 . This has to be by far one of the worst games I ever played . Needless to say I played it for about 45 minutes and quit , I never played it again . I thought it was boring , graphics and movement were terrible . Honestly if someone gave me this game for free I would n't take it . I love the books , all 3 movies were great , this game should n't exist . I was n't too impressed with the other Lord of the Rings Games either but this one is definately the worst out of all . Try to avoid this one at all cost .
 due to word limitation , I can not write down every complaint about this game so heres my short short review ... It -LSB- bites -RSB- , dont waste your money on the piece of -LSB- crud -RSB- , you want the feel of the adventure read the book , this game is a rip off , i played it , beat it under 4 hours , I didnt even want to give it 1 star but amazon made me . spend your hard earned money on something better . this ... this is junk .
 i really liked how they did it based on the book and the movie it was fun to see the shire and the local pub.i thought the graphics could be alot better . rivendale was a rippoff because the water didnt move 3 demensionalthey threw in random levels and charcters which i didnt like . i hated the fact their voices were not the actors in the movies . spoiled it . but it came very fast nd well packaged !! i would highly recommend this seller . just not the game . -LRB- oh nd there were glitches at the end -RRB-
 this game was the worst 20 bucks i ever spent . the other two were bett two towers and return ... king weere 10 times better
 THIS GAME IS SHORT !!! I can not believe how easy this game was to beat . I beat it in 2 days !! there is not much of a variety of enemies either . Only about 5 not counting the bosses.I would most definetly rent this game and not pay the 40 or 50 for it . This was the first game i got for PS2 and was disappointed . The only good thing about it is its graphics . They arent that bad . And there really are not many glitches in the game .
 Overall , `` Fellowship '' has a rushed and incomplete feel to it . Very little of Tolkien 's trademark atmosphere is present in the game , and none of the environments truly feel like a living world at all . Key sequences are diminished by cut corners or perhaps technical limitations , such as the Council of Elrond scene . Apparently there were only so many character models to go around , as the council consists solely of the nine members of the Fellowship and Elrond .
 I bought this game three days ago . I was very excited about this one . Upon playing the game , my excitement turned to disappointment . This game was horrible . Incredibly ridiculous . The graphics were bland to say the least . The game has all these little mini missions just before you really get into the adventure . How are you supposed to get past the riders . I mean this is plain dumb . One word
 Do n't bother with this LOTR game from Vivendi . It was hastily done , poorly put together , and has no challenge what soever . It is the tamest of `` go find the thing and come back here '' games . Buyer beware . Even a die-hard LOTR fan , like me , shouldnt bother .
 This game is not very good . The graphics are cheesy , the voices of original actors are n't there like in Two Towers . The plot is dumb . A whole bunch of loading just within one level . And you get unlimited ammo , so it 's not challenging at that aspect . I played this at my friend 's house 'cause I thought about buying it . DO N'T WASTE YOUR $ 20 ON THIS ! Rent it maybe . The only cool things are 1
 This game had so much potential , but did n't come near it . Gandalf was a fun character to play , but he didnt last long . I beat this game in about 3-4 hours . It was just way to easy and the controls were pretty scratchy . I would not recommend this game to anyone . Some of the graphics were pretty sweet , but it was inconsistent . I accidnetly bought this game thinking it was the 2 towers , now I dont know if I will even get that game
 I would n't even spend -LSB- $ $ -RSB- for this game . Three days and I beat this game . Slight challenge beating the nazgul at the end , but nothing else . Graphics are disappointing , no secret finds , no group battling , no side adventures . My 5 year old would be more challenged by this game than a teenager . Playstation should take this game off the market and produce one that is worthy of putting playstation 2 on its label .
 This is the first game that I bought for the PS2.I expected much more from a 2nd generation console-game . The graphics were average.But most of all , the game is too short . I finished the game in about four hours . The game is not challenging hard , in other words too easy.Especially at the beginning of the game the events start happening really slowly . -LRB- get the note from the chest , bring them to bla bla -RRB- Too easy puzzles , etc.It looks like this game was developed within a month.I am usually not so critical , but this game does n't get my credits ... waste of money . -LRB- sorry -RRB-
 Ugh ... is all I can say to start out . First and foremost , this is not a game for the people who ABSOLUTELY LOVED the movie . This is for the book readers only . I bought this game one day with the great hope of going home and reliving the great tale . I was so disapointed when I found out what a piece of -LSB- junk -RSB- this game was . Sure , being Aragorn was great ... for about a whole 5 minutes . And then , the tedius missions started to set in . Not to mention , in the beginning , it took me seven tries just to get passed the stupid Black Riders . I mean , why must it be this hard ?!?! And most of all ... the ending . Ugh . I wo n't ruin it for you avid gamers , but lets just say , it was so disapointing that I dont want to bring it up . Do not buy this game . Dont even think about it . I know that I 'm going to buy the Two Towers and enjoy playing as Legolas . : -RRB-
 This is a very mediocre game based on the book . You will probably enjoy reading the book much more than playing this game . If you want a `` Lord of the Rings '' game , I highly recommend `` The Two Towers '' which is much better .
 I was expecting something better from a Tolkien Game . This junky gameplay could not be worse ! But lets take it one thing at a time . Well , the blood was cheesy , the singing was annoying , and the quests were pointless and annoying ! The two stars was for the okay graphics . Good thing i only rented it ...
 This game was the most ridiculous excuse for a game I have played in a long time . Not only did I beat it in under 4 hours , but I also was incredibly bored for the majority of that time . It is loosley based on the movie , more so on the book . You can tell by the opening sequence that it was thrown together in a hurry . They gave no attention to story or gameplay . The few fighting levels were pretty fun , but they were so short that I found myself playing them twice just to have fun . Please do n't waste your money , rent it first .
 If you are a fan of Tolkien like me then do not play this game . It did n't even seem like I was in Middle-earth when I played it . `` The Fellowship of the Ring '' , like all other `` Lord of the Rings '' game titles , gives people a bad look at Tolkien 's world .
 The only thing that was really fun in this game was killing Orcs or whatever but the game definetely wasnt as bad as some say . Seems this one was aimed more to a young audience . The movie wasnt very good either so I guess they go together .
 The Lord of the Rings : The Felloship of the Ring would personally not be my choice . I completed the game in two days without difficulty dying only once . One of the worst games I have played the two towers I completed in the same time most of the Lord of the Rings games are crap so I 'm bored of these damn rings .
 I hate this game . The only reason I have it is because when I bought a Spyro game it was free . I played it probably 8 times before I found out its was boring and impossible to beat . I have never been a fan of Lord of the Ring but i thoght the game would be ok . I was wrong . It was horrible . I have never played it in over 1 year . Even if you are a big fan of Lord of the Rings I think your going to find this game boring and stupid.Please tell me if my reveiw was helpful or not .
 Well , I 'll be honest and I have n't even been able to get out of the shire . THE * bad word * BLACK RIDERS ALLWAYS CATCH YOU ! I gave this game a two simply because it might 've gotten better had I not given up after 20 tries , but trust me , do n't get this game if you 're like me and have no patience .
 Actually , rent two games , because you 'll finish this one in under 3 hours , and wo n't want to play it again -LRB- NO REPLAY VALUE WHATSOEVER !!! -RRB- . There 's enough to keep you fairly entertained for that time period , but boring battles , lame bosses , and an overall lack of challenge will make you wish you had looked deeper than that `` official '' Tolkien product . Another complaint that I have is the lack of autosave at the end of each mission . The fact that this game so religiously follows the book and works some of the minor passages into entire levels saved me from rating this game a 1 . This game is perfect for people too lazy to read the first book in the trilogy , but who want to see all the stuff that got left out of Peter Jackson 's first LOTR film . Even so , my advice to you is this
 Ick !!! The graphics are good , the music rocks , but that is all my friends . If you really want to experience what this game has to offer you 'd be better off buying a poster book and the soundtrack from the movie.The battles were easy , the loading times were long , the animation blew , and there were many programming and gameplay errors that ruined the game for me , two of which I will detail :1 . -RRB- When you fight the Balorg -LRB- or whatever the fire breathing dragon is called -RRB- as Gandalf , Aragorn keeps butting in as a cinema scene to give you a health item . This is very nice of him , but if you are not a complete ... you should n't need the extra health . Also , while the clip plays the battle remains in progress and you have no control over your character while his -LSB- bum -RSB- gets kicked . It 's very annoying and happens every time you make a good strike against the boss . I think they must have put it in there because it would have taken longer to actually make the battle a genuine challenge .2 . -RRB- I played the game for maybe 5 hours , getting VERY CLOSE to the end of the game . I was at the part at the top of the mountain where you -LRB- as strider -RRB- rescue the hobbit from the dragon-thing . I saved my game at the end of the previous level and then saved it again at the beginning of this one for backup , under two different save files . When I got beat the first time in this battle my continue save file did not load up . I tried the backup save from the end of the previous level and it also would not load up . I did not finish the game because I would have had to start all over from the beginning and go through all the terrible suckery that runs rampant throughout the game once again.-What a rip-off . ...
 After beating this game in one night , i realized that i had basically wasted my time . The game can be fun at times , but not often . Aragorn is fun , but he is lacking combat moves . If you 're a fan of the movie as well as the book , i would recommend this game as no more than a rental . This game claims to be based off the book , but there are lots of lines , word for word , from the movie , and there are many levels and tasks that are n't in the book or the movie . Bottom line , if your looking for a good LOTR game , buy the Two Towers . It 's much more fun .
 The game had so many glitches that I could n't even play for more than two hours . I could n't even get past one part of the game .
 This game is pretty fun , I 'll say . But it 's wayyyyyy to challenging to play it at all . There 's this one level , if you mess up and fall , it 'll make you want to stop playing and give up , right there on the stop . just do n't get the game , it dos n't encourage any replay value in it , so there 's no point playing it .
 I 've always been a big fan of board games on video consoles . Monopoly Party was next on the list , and while it was fun the first few times playing it , it does get old fairly quick . The NPCs if you choose to play with them are very predictable and annoying at times . I also found myself getting bored and clicking buttons to quicken the pace at times , primarily because the animations can take a while.Some members of my household enjoy competing with each other for high scores , but the computer goes no higher than $ 99,999 . Heck , I can get that in well under an hour of playing , and by that time I am too bored to care . I 'll probably throw this game on once in a blue moon to kill some time , but that 'll be about it for me .
 Here is a case of a great game gone bad to the console . At least you can choose from 5 different boards or themes . However , the game quickly becomes redundant watching your piece move the alloted squares . Even though you can speed through the walking it still is quite boring . Trading and building are almost impossible as you ca n't read the streets on the screen that allows you to do that . Overall , spend your money on something else .
 Everyone loves monopoly , and they had a good idea by creating the different themes , but the way the game is setup , you can not read any of the street names on the board -LRB- and I have a 36 '' TV -RRB- , and there is no way to zoom in . Also , the trading , mortgage , and building screens are very confusing , as you can not use the board itself to select which properties to manage . Also , if you are using the announcer , the default sound levels make it impossible to hear or understand the announcer .
 I bout this because of the xbox name . However I did not realize it would not work in an xbox 360 . Please be careful when ordering to make sure it is for the exact system you have.Monopoly Party
 BORING !!! It moves faster than the regular Monopoly game , but it takes away most of your control . After a while , the `` just keep pressing the A button '' mentality gets really old .
 I got this game to try to find an xbox game me and the Mrs. can enjoy . -LRB- She 's does n't have much patience for joysticks . -RRB- This is horrible . I did n't think it were possible , but this is more tedious than the board game . It 's like playing the slot machines but without any money on the line . Bah !!!
 This game -LRB- ... -RRB- it is really bad and is only for little kids and not older kids . This game has poor graphics , bad sound , and the worse control ever !!!
 Do n't get this game I have the game and its boring ! it only took me five min to complete the game and the new hamtaro game is much better than this game .
 Well I have ` nt got the game , but I 'm getting it for Christmas . It looks and sounds fun . I really want it and I 'm a big fan of Hamtaro . . I like all the hams . Anyone who thinks is a baby game is wrong these people say it 's not recominded for small children.I 'm not scared if people think I 'm stupid for liking Hamtaro .
 I dont get how a little fur ball running around with his friends could be fun . It has no point.I think that it would be a waste of money to buy .
 Do n't be fooled by the cover this game is just awful . The primitive battle system is grating . The storyline is n't even close to a western themed game . I know this is an RPG style western but it fails in that respect . It follows other RPG game formats to closely . It seems the creators of this game were too scared of losing RPG veterans interest in the game . A new concept for RPG would be most welcomed . I was hoping for a Wild West adventure but this is too much like other RPGs what a shame.This game had so much potential.Don ' t waste your money .
 Wild Arms 3 is a terribly mediocre RPG that simply never should have been made.The Good : Relatively nice cel-shaded graphics . Period . Nothing else.The Bad : Incredibly flat characters , predictable and cliched storyline , repetitive and stupid battle system , lack of any good enemies , you ca n't get any new guns , music is very limited , does n't sound like the Wild West.Conclusion : Wild Arms 3 could 've been a good RPG worth 4 stars with some improvements , unfortunately the developers obviously did n't try very hard . Do n't even bother with this game . Not worth your time at all . Try Final Fantasy X , Final Fantasy X-2 , Dark Cloud 2 , Suikoden 3 , or Grandia 2 . They are much better than this game .
 I was hoping for a western adventure . This game let me down . I was hoping for a unique RPG but boy was I wrong . This game is boring . I 'm glad I got it at a clearance price . I reget ever getting this game . I hope I can sell it very soon.Don ' t waste your money .
 THis is one of the werst games i 've ever played . the game play is horable . o man ... -LRB- sry to the fans of this game this is just wat i think -RRB- i would not sug jest you buy this game it is a waist of money.Thats all for me .
 I love RPGs . The PS2 has produced some really excellent games for the genre including Final Fantasy X , the Shadow Hearts series , and Disgea
 First off , I want to say that I loved wild arms 1 and 2 ; as such I was expecting to love wild arms 3 ... WHAT A DISSAPOINTMENT!One extremely annoying new `` feature '' was the random battle encounter gauge.Unlike 2 where you would get a '' ! '' above your head so that you could run away from a random battle , WA3 only lets you do this 10 times , then you HAVE to fight.Another bad feature was the fact that everyone uses guns ; you can hit with your fists -LRB- when your out of ammo -RRB- but it does such lame damage that it 's not even worth trying.Also the personal skills system was changed for the worse -LRB- having to equip an item , fight so many battles and then having the item dissapear after you 've learned the skill -RRB- The characters and the story were also short of my expectations for the series.While janus & co. -LRB- bad guys -RRB- were sometimes funny and sometimes despicable , they were nowhere near as great as say liz & ard from part 2 . The game also felt like it was TRYING to make a story just to give you a point to do things , whereas the previous two installments had great stories to them which also just happened to be games.The only good thing about this game is the graphics ; not the ahh and ooo 3D type , but the fact that all of the characters looked like they were hand painted with water colors , and that was impressive.The only noticable music in the game was the traditonal wild arms opening that 's heard during the train scene after you play all four character intros.The very start was sung in voices with a hymn-like effect ; very nice.Everything afterward is just hum drum , average run-of-the-mill . All in all Wild Arms 3 is just another video game sequal that bombed !
 Well I am very disappointed ... very.Here are the bad things . - Horrible graphics - corny storyline - no real voices - same old battle system.what else ? Well for one the graphics repeat , the music is very annoying . . it just keeps playing over and over the same part , and they do n't even explain the complicated menus . . you have to figure it out for yourself . The graphics are flat , and more like cartoon characters . . obviously the creaters tried to make it look `` cute '' and save some time and $ $ . There is a reason it 's cheaper than the other games . . because it is cheap . it is n't worth the rent money either . .
 Who would wan na get this game ? Its real messed up . The story is dumb and the levels are hardly detailed . The only thing that i like bout this game is the resolution -LRB- resolution is like if you slice a tree with a sword it will fall down or you go through bushes and they fall down -RRB- this game had real good resolution . If you wan na waste money go ahead and get this game .
 if you wan na get a game . where all you do is jump onto items . with unbalanced levels terrible controls . awful graphics and incredibly poor design . or if you just prefer to play frogger all over again . then this should be rigth up your alley . but most people DONT like that so play elsewhere . anyone who gives this game more than 1 star . is a an idiot . b wonders why so many people prefer good graphics over bad graphics . c is a little kid that still watches barney . this game is a dull unsavigianly boring game . with but not even one redeming qaulity . save your money . UNLESS you are 6 years old . and prefer awful games . with dull gameplay . no story horrible graphics etc. buy this game and you will be settiing yourself up for disapointment .
 This game is not good at all . The game was made for an arcade and therefore works properly with arcade controls , in this case the big sniper rifle . Playing this game with joysticks is such a pain . I would give this game five stars if I was playing it in an arcade . Aiming and shooting with that big gun is simple . You can move the gun to a target as fast as you want . With joysticks , however , you go at a constant rate . If you have the speed set too slow you will never beat the missions before you are killed . If you have it too fast and go too far , you have to tap the joystick over bit by bit until you are on target , in the meantime you 're getting shot by 10-20 people and you have NO chance . So , as my rating says ... this game is one of the worst !
 I bought this game on a whim , teaching me the all-important lesson to NEVER buy a game without renting or borrowing it first . I love stealth games , so I figured this sniper game would be a good one , but it is terrible ! There are very few missions , and each takes less than 5-10 minutes to complete or fail . The dialogue inbetween scenes is the exact same thing every time ! Each mission involves you killing everyone in sight , which is easy , followed by the `` BOSS '' sequence which is mostly luck . You ca n't even move around in this game ... you just look in different directions and shoot people ... when it comes time for you to move , the computer does it for you . All you can do is point and shoot . I hate games in which you either complete the level or die within 5 minutes ... I like games like Medal Gear Solid II where you can play for hours at a time . When you play this for hours , you are basically playing the same 4 minutes over and over again . The profit margin on this game must be huge , because the developers of Silent Scope II must have spent about 1000 times the amount of time developing that game than the developers of this one -LRB- at about the same price . -RRB- If you are interested in this game ... RENT IT FIRST ! I guarantee you wo n't buy it !!! Come to think of it , I bet the original Pong on the original Atari took more effort to develop !
 Silent Scope was a pretty average Arcade game but fun over all . But having the excitement to play the 3rd one arcade just sucked . It did n't have the feel The arcade had . It was no fun for me and Like I said before this game just sucks so I 'll make it short and sweet.The graphics ar n't that great , pretty average but kina sloppy . . The controls were average nothing new.The gameplay was not THAT fun for me only for about 3 minutes.There 's not much to do in this game .1 out of 5Lates
 Haven
 It 's not often that I regret spending a mere $ 5 on a game ... but this game really makes me want my $ 5 back . The graphics are cheesy -LRB- worse than some ps1 games -RRB- , the dialogue is corny , the music and sound effects are irritating . I found myself muting the volume at times to make gameplay more tolerable . Some levels are ridiculously easy , some are ridiculously hard . There 's no real climbing skill level . Many of the levels get monotonous , making you perform the same kind of actions over and over and over again . The story could have been good , but all the other elements drag it down . A sore disappointment . Never played a game by these people before and I doubt I will again .
 though ambitious in design Haven fails in every way . This game is virtually unplayable . From frustrating camera controlle to cheap deaths . The main weapon is a yo-yo like contraption that is so difficult to aim you often die trying to hit a basic enemy . The game is hard by virtue of it 's controle issues not beacause it presents anything challenging gameplay wise . Basically Haven is not fun to play , period.also the first thing you see upon placing this game in your ps2 is the word loading flashing over and over ... . for a game ment to never have no load times why did the developer decide to start with a loading screen when it could have eaisily made some opening animation ot cover this up ... just like everything else in this game sloopy slow and devoid of any thing closely resembling creativity ...
 I bought 2 of these for my gamecube controllers to work on dolphin , and the emulator cant detect the analogs at all . when i went to calibrate it in control panel the starting points were way off and wouldnt let me calibrate it - . - , i would return but shipping it back is more money to waste on a worthless product . dont buy this , i did some research and apparently the adapters do this to all gamecube controllers .
 I received the product a couple days after ordering . Immediately opened it up to give it a try.The packaging was solid , and of good quality . No apparent damage . The construction quality of this adapter is better then what I expected to be honest . It does n't feel cheap or fragile . Its ascetically pleasing . The controller ports give a nice ` click ' when plugging in controllers . However the problem starts after that.Upon following the provided instructions to first plug the controller you wish to play with into the adapter , then plugging it into the computer , I found that actually using the controller proved to be rather difficult due to the fact the adapter appeared to confuse the commands given by the controller.For example , on a PS/PS2 controller when pressing the ` X ' button it would register as if I had pressed the ` Triangle ' button . ` L1 ' would work as ` Start ' , ` R1 ' as ` Select ' , and ` Square ' as ` X ' and ` Triangle ' as ` Square ' . Analog sticks and directional pad had no problems.Thinking this was simply the controller , I tried a different one . Same problem . I switched to a GC controller , then an xbox controller . Both had the same issues . Tried the adapter on another game , then another computer with a different OS , same problem.I can only assume the device was either soldered incorrectly , or programmed incorrectly . Previous reviews of this product were encouraging , so I 'm guessing this was only a fluke . Still , I do n't believe I will try another one of these , and will instead get a good rated USB controller .
 Had to find the driver after an exhaustive search found it and it worked well until i tried to use it to game it makes NHL 08 go crazy if its even plugged in in other words its junk
 When This Arrived I Was Hoping It Would Be The Ultimate Controller Cause I Love The Gamecube Remote So Much Its Better Than The Classic Wii Remote Almost As Good As The Playstation Controlers Its Good For Playing Platform , Racing and Other Genre But Not So Good On Fighting Games Thats One Of The Reason I Bought This Thing Cause I Played Capcom VS SNK 2 For About 2 Years And The Gamecube Controller Was The Best I Also Played With The Guilty Gear XX Accent Core For The Wii And Nothing Beats The Gamecube Remote . Now As For This Thing The Gamecube , Xbox , and PS2 Adapter It Works Good On PC Mine Was Running On Windows 7 installed Quick . Playing Roms is Great Better Than An Xbox 360 Controller The Driver Disk That Came With It Is Useless Playing It On The PS3 Is Good For Some Games When Playing Fighting Games On This It Doesnt Configure Right Also The Respond Time On It Is Slow Lost Alot On Street Fighter third Strike Online Its Good For Any Other Genre Eccept Fighting
 I like Steve Martin - I really do . That being said , this film is disgusting for me to watch . I have yet to see anything as corny , cliche ridden , and simple-minded in quite some time . This is an example of what the american studio system is at its worst - films made without inspiration - simply for money .
 A truly agonizing experience is to watch this film version of Cheaper by the Dozen starring Steve Martin . The book , based on the real-life experiences of a large family , was one of my favorite books to read as an adolescent . However , this film bears little resemblance to the true story . The film is tasteless , crude , and an even bigger sin for a comedy
 Im sorry but some movies just should NOT be made over . This was a disappoinment . It lacked in almost every direction . My adivce would be to see the origional with CLifton Webb and Myrna Loy . They did a great job and its a timeless classic movie .
 Of course , Steve Martin is a joy to watch in almost anything , and I was expecting a reprisal of his role in the wonderful PARENTHOOD . Sadly , this was not . I do not think he makes a believable football coach.But most of all , I was bored to tears and a little disgusted by kids bratty behavior being the centerpiece of the jokes . If you come from a large family , or know someone who does , you know that discipline is the cornerstone of that many people living together . I find it incredibly hard to believe that a parent of so many offspring would calmly accept or condone any of their behavior . I wanted to spank all twelve of them -LRB- and the parents for letting them get away with it -RRB- .
 The cast led by Steve Martin and Bonnie Hunt were terrific in their roles . The children were cute and also did a good job . The problem was poor writing . I expected that the story might be a little funny . It was n't ! It 's rather amazing , that with all the excellent writers in the world , films like this one are produced . The original version of this movie was both funny and enjoyable .
 We went for a family outing and wound up feeling depressed rather than amused . This is a story about a family falling apart -- self-absorption reigns in all of the adults ! The kids ' cuteness does n't help much -- too many of them to get to know/care about any of the characters . Steve Martin 's talents are wasted . Take the kids to something else ...
 `` Cheaper By the Dozen , '' with its ostensibly comic portrayal of a seriously overextended family , could almost be a recruiting poster for Planned Parenthood , so unnerving is its vision of domestic bliss . Here is a movie about family life that makes `` The Brady Bunch '' look like `` Ordinary People '' in comparison . In this remake of the 1950 film of the same name , Steve Martin and Bonnie Hunt play Tom and Kate Baker , the proud parents of twelve - count ` em , twelve ! - unruly children . One of the principal problems with this updated version , which like the earlier film is based on a true-life account of an actual family , is that the very premise does n't sit well with the realities of a modern world . The idea of a couple indulging in unbridled reproduction may have struck the parents of the Baby Boomer Generation as clever , quaint and fall-down-laughing funny in its time , but in our currently overpopulated world of diminishing resources , Tom and Kate appear merely irresponsible and arrogant to us today . Heck , at least the elephantine brood in `` Yours , Mine and Ours '' was the product of two already established families coming together as one . All throughout `` Cheaper by the Dozen , '' our enjoyment is plagued by that nasty little voice of reason that keeps whispering in our ear that if these two people had exercised even a modicum of restraint in the birth control department , they would n't be facing the chaotic situation they have on their hands now -LRB- Tom 's vasectomy obviously came too late to be of any help -RRB- . And chaotic it is . The kids - whose ages range from early twenties to preschool - spend most of their time running wildly around the house , playing hockey on the stairs , knocking things over , swinging dangerously from chandeliers , throwing up in the kitchen , and devising nasty pranks to pull on their oldest sister 's boyfriend , played by a hapless Ashton Kutcher , who , wisely and understandably , passed up being listed in the credits for his contribution here . Given the chance , director Shawn Levy and four -LRB- ! -RRB- credited writers aim for the lowest common denominator laugh every time , employing the kind of weary plot set-ups and tired slapstick routines that have been done to death by countless lame-brained TV sitcoms . The filmmakers also seem to have an inordinate fondness for crotch-centered jokes , an obsession of questionable appropriateness given the `` family-friendly '' nature of the film . Martin , one of the finest comic actors of his generation , has been reduced to endless mugging , playing the stereotypical incompetent dad who finds he has no control over his progeny the moment his wife gets called out of town -LRB- she is forced to leave him alone with the kids while she goes off to New York on a tour to promote the book she wrote about their family -RRB- . Yet , even though the kids behave like little hellions most of the time , the family members get along splendidly , with nary a disagreement among any of the children or a cross word from either parent . Of course , all is not fun and games in the story department , for the writers take an occasional time out from the bedlam to provide moments of sappy moralizing and saccharine sentimentality . These are n't funny either , but then again , they are n't trying to be . What 's the excuse for the rest of the film?Personally , when it comes to a comic portrayal of American family life , I think I 'll stick with `` Roseanne . ''
 I 'm a Christian homeschooling mom of four . We read the book , Cheaper by the Dozen , that the movie is based on , which we enjoyed -LRB- see book reviews -RRB- and recommend as a family read aloud . The ONLY thing common between the original book and original movie with this movie starring Steve Martin is the fact that the couple had twelve kids . As stated in some of the other reviews , the kids are bratty and have extremely bad attitudes . Younger children , especially , who may imitate characters should n't see this movie . Adults who do n't want to waste their time should n't see it either . Read the book instead .
 Theatrical releases , supposedly , offer more than the fare that one finds on the small screen . Producers of these have the luxury of acquiring A-level actors and , conversely , A-level scripts.Well , `` Cheaper By the Dozen '' does sport a star that frequently rises to the occasion in quality material -LRB- Steve Martin -RRB- , an ingenue for the teenybopper set -LRB- Hilary Duff -RRB- , a hunk on the rise -LRB- `` Smallville 's Tom Wellig -RRB- and an actor whose fame and popularity is mindboggling -LRB- Ashton Kutcher -RRB- . It 's sad , however , that these performers , along with Bonnie Hunt , Richard Jenkins , and the other ten kids , are saddled with such a derivative script.I mean , Lucille Ball & Henry Fonda , Brian Keith & Doris Day , and Robert Reed & Florence Henderson tred upon the same domestic waters in `` Yours , Mine , and Ours , '' `` With Six , You Get Eggroll , '' and television 's `` The Brady Bunch '' with better results.You know , the pratfalls of raising a HUGE family and still maintaining two careers.SPOILERS
 Tom -LRB- Steve Martin -RRB- stars as the father of 12 children . When offered a job in the big city , Tom ca n't resist taking it , even if it means moving his brood to the big city . But when Tom 's wife also is offered her ` dream job ' can Tom cope?This started off as a cute movie . But quickly became stereotypical rubbish . People who live in the city are portrayed as rude obnoxious snobs , and the value of ` small towns ' is trumpeted.Also , the children were just rude obnoxious brats . They were far too old to act the way they did . If watching children puke , destroy the house , and play cruel pranks on each other is your cup of tea , you might like Cheaper by the Dozen . For me . I found the movie obnoxious and the message clear
 do n't remake it.This is the latest in a long line of really pathetic attempts to modernize some very good film classics . As in the destruction of the `` Father of the Bride '' movies , this one is inane and completely misses the point and the humor of the original.I really wish Steve Martin would go back to walking around with an arrow through his head . He was much funnier then .
 I saw this film thinking it would be good . It was stupid and offensive not to mention cruel.The story came right out of a crappy sitcom . The parents get a job in the city and have to move away from thier country home . This makes all the kids mad and they all complain that they want to go home . If I wanted to see I could of just stayed home and watched Full House or some other brainless sitcom.Another thing is the kids on this movie . The oldest sister in the family brings her boyfriend to visit the kids . And for no apparent reason they get thier dog to tear off his crotch . Stupid , cruel , pointless.DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE ! It makes the Dungeons and Dragons movie look like Ben-Hur . Speaking of Ben-Hur , buy it instead of Cheaper By the Dozen . Ben-Hur is exciting , amazing , and morally satisfying . So in conclusion , Cheaper By the Dozen is a piece of trash that no one ever should see .
 Alright maybe it 's because I 'm not a fan of that `` wild and crazy guy '' , but when I heard about this film , I passed out . The trailer on TV was enough to make you think `` Oh , God another Steve Martin Turkey '' . This film has no relation to the real story by this name told on screen in the 50s . I just bought copies of both of the films from the 50s to replace my taped copy . Those tell a more interesting story and the comedy is more genuine -LRB- even the slapstick moments -RRB- , and they even have a nice dramatic story in them as well . Do yourself -LRB- and your DVD player -RRB- a favor , and do n't contaminate it with this movie . Buy both 1950s era films -LRB- separately or the specially offered 2 pack , it does n't matter -RRB- , and watch a genuine family of 14 and how they lived .
 I might have hated this movie slightly less had it been titled anything that did n't raise the expectation of having something to do with the story of the Gilbreth family which was told in the book written by two of the Gilbreth children , and in the Clifton Webb/Myrna Loy movie version . It 's like making a version of a movie titled `` The Sound of Music '' that was about a family that sings , only in the new version they play in a rock band , the story would be set in the hills of Hollywood , and Maria is now a retired CIA agent named Kaitlyn who became a personal bodyguard to a family named the Winklemans . People would be singing , and they would be a family , but that would be where the similarities ended.So , okay , that 's enough for my disappointment that this was not an updated take on the Gilbreth family . But even laying that disappointment aside , this movie still offers so much to hate : -- Please , let Steve Martin stop making movies where he plays either the Family Man Clown or the Sad Clown . Neither is very appealing . -- Both parents in the Baker family depicted in this movie are profoundly selfish , each vying for personal glory with high-stakes careers , each paying lip service to the idea of supporting one another 's dreams , each ignoring their existing obligations to their many children , and each quickly blaming the other when things blow up in their faces . -- The eldest daughter , Nora , no longer lives at home , and wasted no time in disregarding her upbringing and her parent 's wishes when she chose to shack up with a man . That her cohabitation with him ends not because she has a moral epiphany but because she realizes he 's a jerk is hardly a satisfying conclusion , and certainly not a family-friendly message . -- Lastly , the `` zany '' outtakes at the end include making a joke about an incestuous kiss between mother and son when we see Kate Baker making out with her teenage son , Charlie . Hilarious , right ?
 The original 1950 's version was based on a true story , written by two of the actual children portrayed in the movie . The remake -LRB- if you can even call it that -RRB- , follows it 's own plot , complete with distracted parents and out of control children . Watch the original , which in my opinion is a class act .
 Cheaper by the dozen is a movie created by a formula where you throw in talented comedic actors like Steve Martin and Bonnie Hunt and twelve cute kids and just let the hilarity ensue . Except it is n't really that easy.Sure , there are funny moments when Martin tries to corral the 12 crazy kids -LRB- actually eleven because one -LRB- Piper Peraboo -RRB- had already moved out and only appears a few times . Her boyfriend is one of the highlights of the film -RRB- . But creating a funny situation with comedic scenes does n't make a movie if you do n't care for the characters.Characterization is where the movie falls short . Bonnie Hunt is called away on business after she sends her book to a publisher friend and has to go away on a book tour -LRB- I did n't know it only took a few weeks to publish a book -RRB- . Then Martin gets his dream job as a coach of his alma matter football team . I think the movie expects us to take this part seriously because football coaching draws Martin away from his family , but the whole football thing is done so poorly , it is hard too . The football coaching gig loses credibility when Martin brings the team home to practice at his house and his tiny yard and there are n't even 20 players on the entire team.The predictable plot has Martin starting to choose his career over family and in the end choosing family again . But none of the kids are really memorable . Hillary Duff and Tom Weilling are some of the bigger stars , but Duff really does nothing . The little kids each have a few moments of screen time , but with so many characters , there are none to care about and thus no reason to care what decision Martin makes.This is a okay movie if you realize you will see nothing you have n't seen before . This movie is also great for families with no bad language or adult situations -LRB- other than the fact that the oldest daughter lives with her boyfriend -RRB- .
 Reading the previously written reviews for this movie makes me realize how many intelligent movie fans there are out there . I can not disagree with any observations that have already been made . After seeing this DVD and reading the reviews , one thing is clear to me
 In Hollywood films , kids are mean . They tell their siblings to drop-dead , roll their eyes at dumb-old-dad , barf all over the floor and run away , and always seem to have a snarky come-back for every situation . They are cynical , jaded , suspicious , and totally lacking in innocence ; they represent the worst aspects of adulthood.In my opinion , films like this are like extended sit-coms - although most sit-coms are better written . My family was quite stunned by how nasty everyone was ; there was n't a kind moment anywhere except in the last 5 minutes , when syrupy-violins prompt us to recall how much they really `` love eachother '' . If you want to see a film where kids act and talk like real kids , try to get your hands on a British film called `` Melody '' , made in the early 1970 's . It 'll knock your socks off .
 I 've been a fan of Steve Martin since the days when he used to do comedy with an arrow through his head . I 've liked all of his movies until this one . This should have been good , light entertainment , but in reality it is a complete disappointment.It is difficult to imagine that they could have put together a less appealling or more annoying set of children . Hilary Duff is the worst of the bunch . Even Smallville 's hunky Tom Welling is wasted here.If you think children throwing objects at their teacher , setting people on fire , and roller skating inside at the top of stairs is cute you 'll love this . I find it appalling.The idea that children should have a say in their parents career decisions and that they should sabotage the parent 's careers if they do n't like the parents choices is offensive.And the idea that parents can simply walk away from their jobs and still live in a gigantic house is just plain bizarre .
 Another in a string of movies and TV shows where the father figure is portrayed as incompetent when it comes to domestic duties . The mother figure , by contrast , is in control and unflappable.While the movie has some enjoyable bits you ca n't help but wonder why , when Kate -LRB- the mother -RRB- goes on a book tour , the teenage children do n't do more to help out . They 're not even asked to do more . Instead they get to whine about how much better life was back in their old town and to point out to dad what a lousy job he 's doing.What 's meant to be an amusing descent into chaos -LRB- because dad ca n't cope with running the family while mom is away for two whole weeks ! -RRB- just gets more grating , right up to the `` crises '' when the Woody Allen looking kid runs away.At that point the family pulls together in a ` awww ' moment and puts aside their differences for the higher good . Talk about ham fisted audience manipulation.By the end of the movie you just wish these brats would suck it up and pull their own weight . But then we would n't have a movie .
 Not even Steve Martin can save this remake of Cheaper By the Dozen , which is not nearly as good as either the book by Frank B. Gilbreth , or the original film made in 1950 , with Clifton Webb . Part of the charm of the story as written was the occupation of the paterfamilias as an efficiency expert . Martin 's character is a football coach , which all but eviscerates the comic potential . Except for the fact of the twelve children , CBTD the remake bears no resemblance to the Gilbreth saga . Setting aside this issue , how does it play as a family movie?Not well at all , sad to say . Martin might as well have phoned in his performance . Bonnie Hunt as wife and mother channeled Carol Brady . The kids are OK , but there are too many of them for anyone but the eldest son to establish their character . The screenplay is predictable , and most of the `` humor '' falls flat.CBTD might be suitable for viewing for families with young kids , but otherwise , it 's a yawner from start to finish . Why they ever made a sequel -LRB- CBTD 2 -RRB- is a mystery . If you want to see a truly funny version of a true family , watch the original with Clifton Webb and Myrna Loy .
 Not sure what the message to this film was
 This film is alrite for little children , but for any one over the age of 12 years old they will fing this film a bit boring.It has no real stroy line to it , & it did ` nt make me laugh once , actully i really even doubt young chlidren will like this film.Yet again dissipointed by steve martin , i can still remember when he usto have roles in good films like dirty rotten scoundrels , but those days mayb well be over.the only thing that even kept me watching this film was , ashton kutcher & Tom Welling -LRB- also knowen as the good looking boy from smallville -RRB- so i would encoreage people to give this film a miss , by not watching it you not really missing anything .
 I live in quite a large family also . And yes my family is bigger than this family . But my family and I 'm sure many other people with large families will agree with me on this one , none of the `` adventures '' would really happen in a normal big family . I have 8 younger siblings and 7 older siblings and we are certainly not like them at all .
 It was absolutely terrible . Hilary Duff makes me want vomit . Such bad acting ! What is Hollywood coming too ? But the guy from the Gimlmore Girls is hot !!! :-RRB- my spidey sense are tinglinghi guys are you my friends
 From someone who has read `` Cheaper by the Dozen '' and `` Bells on Their Toes , '' and has seen the wonderful classic movies of both books , I doubt this movie has any similarities with the real-life story except for the fact that they have alot of kids . Steve Martin is a terrifically funny actor , but I doubt even he could make this movie as good as its predecessors .
 What I saw appalled me . Since when is a dog ferociously attacking a young man 's genitals a source of humor . I realize that the Nazis found this funny , but have we sunk so low ? Lately it seems one can not go to the movies without `` humorous '' scenes of men kicked , stabbed , shot or bitten in the groin . Since they never show similar sexual injury against women as a source of humor -LRB- which I am grateful for -RRB- , it is hard to not conclude that this is some kind of hybrid of anti-male attitude and sexual sadism . At any rate it is sickening and I advise any and all movie-goers to avoid this movie .
 We wanted to like this movie . We like Steve Martin -- after all , he 's everyone 's buddy . We love children . But let 's face it , minute by minute this movie gets more corny , more predictable , and more boring . Read the book , which actually is witty and enjoyable .
 I 'm sure that this review wo n't be popular , but I feel like it has to be said
 The only thing this `` remake '' has in common with the original is the title and the number of kids . The original is definitely the better of the two . This remake is cute , and I did laugh , but I am not thrilled with it .
 How the producers of this movie ever got to use the name `` Cheaper by the Dozen '' is beyond me . It bears no resemblance to the book or the original movie , which was based on the book . The book is at least a 9 out of 10 , the original movie is an 8 , and this load of tripe is about a 3 or a 4 .
 I have seen a lot of kids / family movies latly and sappy is ok but this one just makes me sick . The story is very weak and the ending is so predictable . It is one of the worst family movies I have seen in a long time . Also there was a lot of Adult Innuendo and bad humor .
 This movie is an atrocity.It is a butchering interpretation of an excellent book and an earlier movie that is also very good . The only element that the `` updated '' version of the work has with either the book or the earlier film is the presence of twelve children . Now , I do n't expect adaptation films to be carbon-copies of the original works , but I do expect them to be as good . I did n't ask for this movie to be realistic , but I did require it to be remotely funny . I was disappointed , to say the least.What repulsed me and my fellow viewers was the fact that this film is yet another in a recent genre that apparently seeks to portray parents , particularly fathers , as idiots , and children as the only members of the household with a clue . If you find humor in parental idiocy , then this is your movie , because there 's plenty of it . The plot is based on the tensions between the father and the children , and between the children themselves . It is about a household trying to destroy itself.There 's enough of this going on in real life , so I do n't see any reasonable motivation for making it the butt of a joke . I just ca n't seem to find humor in blatantly defiant and disobedient children -LRB- even though the father 's irresponsible behavior almost warrants it -RRB- . However , I did laugh at seeing Ashton Kutcher 's crotch being mauled by a dog , but Kutcher 's crotch being mauled by a dog would be funny in any movie.The movie gave me a headache , and the fact that everybody kissed and made up at the end did n't make it go away . To the analytical viewer , Cheaper by the Dozen is simply a blasphemous rip-off of a good book and a good movie , and a psychotic portrayal of how cynical and misguided the American family can be . To anyone else , you might want to settle with saying that it 's just a really bad movie .
 Anyone who has seen in this movie - immediately knows what 's going to happen . This movie will only please `` Parent-spitng '' children/teens -LRB- directly influenced by today 's world and television programs -RRB- and Tom Wwelling/Smallville - Ashton Kutcher/Punk 'd - and Hillary Duff/Lizzie Maguire fans all across the world . I 've must 've seen this movie more than once with my family and after a while , the movie really looses what little funny moments it had to begin with . The plot is really simplistic ; Steve Martin 's character , the father of a dozen children gets a rise in and is given the chance to take his dream job as well as get a raise in his paycheck for the good of the family , with the promise of being `` a tighter family , '' thus automatically labeling him with the sticker of the `` villain '' of the story when this promise is n't fulfilled . The children are enraged and upset with the fact that they will be forced to move away from their home since diapers no matter what their opinion is . Tom Welling 's character 's is basically the same as Smallville 's version of `` Clark Kent '' , only he has a girlfriend this time . Hillary Duff 's character really has no excuse to stay in her hometown other than her `` all her best friends are here . '' So when they move from milldleton into a more fancy community full of the richest people in the fanciest houses money can buy , you know from the start the children will not love their not situation or the fact that they 're father does not seem to care that they do n't . The mother has a partial role in this family apparently . She is thrown out of the picture until the end of the movie . This is to justify the kids animosity toward their father . I know your just supposed to watch this movie with little expectation , to at least have fun watching every scene unfold , but how far can a movie feeding off `` the kids are right , the parents are wrong '' syndrome , last ? The only funny moments in `` Cheaper By the Dozen '' are when Kutcher gets bit on the backside by their Dog -LRB- his name escapes me -RRB- and when Welling 's character 's locker is stuffed with corn and it comes falling out . However , that 's just taking a bit too much from `` Poor Clark/alienation '' syndrome of Smallville.Once the children go beyond out of hand , the father finally decides to crack the whip on them and hand on punishments the children seem to have no familiarity with . And when the mother comes home they only get worse afterward . The rest of the movie is pretty predicable . There is basically no reason for Duff , Welling , or Kutcher 's presnce to be in the movie other than to draw the slected audience toward watching the movie . The slected would be actor 's screen time is so little that the younger children carry the movie all one their own without their help . Steve Martin and Hunt are just the backdrop for the kids . Steven Martin 's best role was `` Leap of faith . '' His character was funny and sarcastic . Quite likable despite his con-man status . The father of this movie was not funny , much like the movie itself . So what reasons do I have to dislike `` Cheaper by the dozen '' ? See above and see my `` Everwood '' review . You 'll get what I mean . -- -LSB- a 2 out of 5 -RSB-
 Horrible . Awful . Embarrassing . A complete waste of the talents of Steve Martin and Bonnie Hunt . Why do the parents care what the kids think ? I was completely annoyed by this movie . Skip it immediately . The Lizzy Maguire girl should never be allowed to act again .
 This movie is out at holiday time , so you 'd think that it would be wonderful , heartwarming family entertainment . Be forewarned - it is mindless and loud to the point of being headache-inducing . Nothing really objectionable except one scene with the fiance -LRB- played by Ashton Kutcher -RRB- and the family dog . And that scene is actually somewhat funny compared with the rest of the movie.Hilary Duff and Tom Welling do not add any substance as the the teenagers in the family of fourteen . They both have inane dialogue , and I 'm not a Hilary Duff fan -LRB- now less than ever ! -RRB- , but Tom Welling has done much better in the `` Smallville '' series on television . Steve Martin gets to act like a limp , wet noodle . Bonnie Hunt is agreeable in her role as the mother of the brood , but there is no substance or plot development in this movie . The kids rule the roost , and you actually wonder why the younger kids are as bad and irritating as they are , and how miraculously they become good , quiet , upstanding teenagers as portrayed by Hilary and Tom . When the chandelier crashes to the ground for the third -LRB- or was it fourth time , I lost count -RRB- , you ask yourself why are they trying to milk this `` crashing chandelier '' scene ? The only redeemable and very believable character in this movie is `` FedEx '' -LRB- his nickname -RRB- , one of the children in the middle . He was sincere and warm and not just a cardboard character.This may not be a complete review , but , trust me , if you like substance , you will be appalled by the shallowness of this movie and the lack of laughs or true emotion . It 's made-for-TV fare at best .
 If the scriptwriters were going to change the story to the point that nothing but the movie title resembled the book , they should have just given the movie a different title . This moronic film in no way resembles the book it claims to be based on . Steve Martin seems to be making a career out of ruining classic stories . First he was allowed to destroy `` Father of the Bride '' , then `` Father of the Bride 2 '' -LRB- otherwise known as `` Daddy 's Little Dividend '' -RRB- and now `` Cheaper By the Dozen '' . I hope the real Gilbraiths at least got a truck load of royalities for this idiot rendering of their family story . This movie did n't try to be even semi-intelligent . It was aimed at the lowest common denominator .
 This is a silly movie where it 's the Father 's job to entertain the kids , and it 's the kid 's job to run the family 's affairs . That is n't what the book was about , and it 's not what this movie should have been about either.Oh , and I think there were two jokes in the movie.I thought Steve Martin -LRB- the person -RRB- was better than this .
 There 's a good movie in this material somewhere . It 's just well-hidden under a steaming pile of alleged , paint-by-the-numbers , comedy . You know basically everything that will happen from start to finish . There 's no surprise , no smiles and no effort at being more than it is.The movie even suffers from `` End Credit Blooper Syndrome '' , which is how you know the filmmakers even knew this was a turkey and figured they might try to solicit a few cheap laughs from you as you leave the theatre in hopes you might remember those cheap laughs and not all the time you spent looking at your watch.I 'm at work now and bought this across the street in order to provide myself with some minor amusement . Sadly , even that minor level of amusement eluded me.This film centers around twelve extremely selfish and self-centered children who sabotage their father 's efforts at having a career and trying to be a good parent . In doing so , he 's managed to secure a huge pay raise , a much larger house and free college for his children . The bastard!Of course , the movie would have you believe that what 's really going on is that the father is a Bad Man because he dares to try to have a career and tries to help out his wife so that she can have a career as well -LRB- strangely her having a career is not presented as any kind of a problem -RRB- . This movie is what I would categorize as a `` KOMEDY ! '' . It 's different from a `` comedy '' , because in a comedy people do things that make sense and flow logically from what 's been happening up to that point . In a KOMEDY ! people do things because the script says they do.Case in point
 The movie is fairly clean and mildly entertaining , but it misses the whole point of the book . If you 're looking for a clean , mildly entertaining movie , this works fine , but if you 're looking for something with a good set of values and morals , this did n't cut it for me .
 I saw the previews for this and I thought it was going to be really funny . I laughed once during the entire film . It was a waste of time for me and I was just waiting for it to end . If you want to see this , I would suggest renting it because it 's not worth the 20.00 price of the DVD .
 This kinda movie makes you realize just what a Master the Great John Hughes was at family comedy . The Home Alones , Uncle Buck , Weird Science , Ferris Bueller , etc. . . Everything the guy touched turned to gold . Whatever happened to him anyway ? They sure coulda used him here . This movies tries hard to be a Hughes type of film but all I could think while watching was how it could have been better scripted , acted , directed , scored , and better jokes.A lame directorial attempt made worse by the lame comedic timing of Ashton Kutcher , a lack of Steve Martins trademark physical comedy , and too many Nike endorsements among others . How many scenes was that one kid wearing that same Old Navy shirt ?!? For those looking for a decent later years Steve Martin effort , Bringin Down the House was way better than this schlup , if there is such a word .
 What the hell is Steve Martin doing ? Sassy comedies with Queen Latifa and this thing , apparently . Maybe he 's in a coma ? He 's forgotten how to read ? He is drugged and brought to sets of movies regularly ? I 'd like to think any of these , but I 'm afraid these roles are concious decisions ... But hey , this movie has a few laughs , if you like ZANY comedies filled with ANTICS ! I , on the other hand , like another kind of humor . A humor that 's smart . This is good if you like Newman from Seinfeld bobbing from a chandelier , crying for help.And I do n't think there is any need to summarize the plot . A lot of kids share a house with their parents . If this appeals to you , buy it . If not , I suggest National Lampoon 's Loaded Weapon 1 . Seriously ... it 's good .
 Cheaper by the Dozen is a hokey , predictable film with very few laughs . The kids generally do n't come across as cute and , unless you are a kid , watching their tired antics and their efforts to `` outsmart '' the adults gets boring pretty quickly.The one enjoyable thing about this movie is Steve Martin . Still , I would n't recommend watching the movie because of him ; he does n't have good material to work with . If you want a great Steve Martin film that centers on family life and raising children , watch Parenthood .
 I 've been watching the first 45 minutes on HBO and this is a waste of time . How can they make the brilliant Steve Martin so unfunny ? How could all these famous actors not spot this as a loser from the get-go ? Why in the world is Hollywood on this stupid `` large family '' kick ?
 Waste of talent , insult to parents who can cope , and just plain bothersome . You might stay awake for the first hour , but then it gets embarassing . So give into your urges and take a nap . Remember Clifton Webb .
 Poor Steve Martin.How awful it must be to know that you were once a power in Hollywood , a comedic actor par excellence , with timing , talent and reputation , and now you 're little more than a character actor , flying ever-faster towards the Chevy Chase Bargain Bin of Has-Beens . Steve Martin -LRB- shudder -RRB- and Bonnie Hunt -LRB- who really ought to be in more pictures , she 's typecast now but is decent nonetheless -RRB- star here as a pair of overly-affectionate parents who , after having a family of twelve , decide to boost their careers and bank balances by accepting job promotions and PR work , resulting in the upheaval of their family and the subsequent re-examination of those family values . Along the way there are several intended-to-be-humorous set pieces and a whole host of cathartic morals to be enjoyed.The problem with this sort of movie is that families just ai n't the way they used to be . Long-gone are the days when Mom stayed at home with the kids and Dad went out a-hunting for his salary , and ` family ' movies need to reflect this trend if they 're going to be successful . Sadly this is not the case with ` Cheaper By The Dozen ' and the picture suffers from a severe case of ` Old-Fashionedness ' - but not in an endearing or humourous way . Quite the opposite , in fact - the gross sexism and heavy-handed morals of the Baker clan will have many switching off in testy semi-outrage long before the film is complete.Performance-wise there 's not much here to keep one watching , either - save for a truly atrocious Ashton Kutcher cameo that really forces home the point that the Kid really does have no talent whatsoever . And Martin 's tried-and-trusted Harangued Father schtick really should have been left in the Eighties , where it belongs.The Kids themselves are little more than a rowdy ensemble of mismatched stereotypes , with neither development nor reason for their apparent ` personalities ' . Not even recommended for lazy Sunday afternoon viewing , check out Martin classics like ` Parenthood ' and ` The Man With Two Brains ' for examples of his once-deserved fame , or family gems like ` Finding Nemo ' and ` Shrek ' if it 's something you 'd like to watch with the Kids .
 Could this be even remotely related to the book that Ernestine Gilbreth Carey and Frank Gilbreth Jr. wrote ? I was aghasted upon seeing this film . There were no traces of family value in it . None at all . The kids were so bratty and spoiled and they hated each other . How is it believable at the end when they all just magically pull together ? The parents bring up their kids horribly in this film . The humor was not funny . I found this movie very repulsive . Is this what a model family is supposed to be ? The people pulling together at the end was just sappy and corny and not credible , since they were all spoiled brats and they hated each other so much . The book and 1950 movie were very good in showing family values and how they stuck together during the 1920s . Times were rough at this time , and I can hardly imagine `` Grandma Gilbreth '' making up a game in which perfectly good apples are wasted in some form of baseball entertainment as said in the movie . It 's so sickening to see that and those horrible bratty kids act bratty like that when times were actually so tough during the setting of the book . No family values . No humor . This movie is entirely pointless to watch . Watch the '50 version and `` Belles on Their Toes , '' the sequel , and you ca n't go wrong .
 if they are still living , for the travesty that has used the name of their wonderful book ! A charming tale of early-20th century of efficiency experts and their 12 children turns into a madhouse of stereotypes as the theme that `` dad ca n't cope '' gets run into the ground.Im going to have to get the 1950 movie or read the book just to get the taste out of my mouth .
 I knew going in that this film got poor reviews . It should have had a warning label regarding bad taste , poor parenting , and rude behavior . This is alleged to be a `` family '' when in fact it was a collection of lazy , self-absorbed , monsters that should have been put in burlap bags and left on the door step of an evil witch . The parents were completely ineffective and clueless on how to raise children much less organize such a large household.This is the typical Hollywood view of families -- that is a family composed of loud mouthed rude children with a quick response to totally goofy parents . Not one child uttered one believable line in the entire movie . If ever a film warranted asking for your money back this one is it .
 After watching movies like Cheaper by the dozen , I not only question my taste in movies , but also my sense of belonging to my group of friends . Everyone we knew had seen it , and they all had loved it . Expressions like `` go see it , it 's hilarious '' or `` it 's SO funny ! '' were usually uttered by our friends . For some reason we had managed to miss this film altogether , having something happen everytime we intended to see it . We even had tickets for a premiere of the film , but we managed to miss that too . To add to the list , the movie made more money than The Matrix Revolutions -LRB- which was n't that good a movie either , but , come on ! -RRB- . Of course , after all these thing really helped create high expectations for this film ... I went in with a little bit of apprehension , because Martin 's previous film was the atrocious Bringing down the house -LRB- with Queen Latifah -RRB- and the trailer did n't really help . Unfortunately , my fears were proven right . The film was really , REALLY bad . How can a film so highly recommended and with such high grosses -LRB- $ 138MM in the U.S. and Canada alone -RRB- be this bad ? Even more disturbing , how can a film so awful be so successful ? Beats me.A remake of sorts of the 1950 film starring Myrna Loy and Clifton Webb , Cheaper by the dozen narrates the supposedly funny misadventures of two parents of twelve kids who move from their little town into Chicago once the father -LRB- Martin -RRB- gets his dream job as head coach of his alma mater 's football team . Of course , the kids are not happy with leaving their home , and to make matters worse , once they 're in the big city , the father is swamped with work and the mother -LRB- Hunt -RRB- has her book -LRB- about raising a dozen kids , no less -RRB- published and is forced to go on a publicity tour . Who will take care of the kids ? How can two working parents handle twelve children without help ? Wackiness is supposed to ensue , but in all honesty , I found very little of it to be funny.Martin 's performance is one of his worse -LRB- not that his that much of an actor to begin with -RRB- , Hunt has very little to do , except miss her kids while she 's away . But that 's not the bad part of the movie , both actors are good enough for the material they 're given . The real negative was the writing and the casting of the kids . These characters should be the hook to make a connection with the audience , instead , they 're the reason that that connection is n't made.The kids are obnoxious brats who turn out to be mean and spoiled and do n't care that much for their hard working parents . They did n't agree with moving , they did n't like their new school , they do n't help around the house , they do n't support their dad 's new job , they basically destroy the house they live in , they 're mean to each other . You get the picture.As for the kids playing the ` dirty dozen ' , there 's Coyote Ugly alumni Piper Perabo as the eldest daughter , who shows for all of five minutes and has nothing really to do , Smalville 's Tom Welling as the oldest son , whose constantly irritated -LRB- and irritating -RRB- at his father -LRB- he has a girlfriend back home , see , with whom he is in love and his mean parents made him move away from her , see -RRB- - this little ` drama ' goes nowhere in the film . There 's also teen , er , sensation Hilary Duff as a fashion obsessed young lady who needs to use the bathroom three minutes longer than the rest of the family because she needs to put on her make-up . The rest of the kids are played by unknowns or mostly unknowns . There 's the tomboy , there 's the geeky one that the rest step all over of , there 's the fat ` witty ' one , there 's the opinionated twin girls and the infant cute twin boys . I 'm missing a couple of kids , I 'm sure , but that goes to show you how irrelevant their personalities were.Obviously , at the end all the kids show their love and support for their dad because , you know , all the bratty attitudes and temper tantrums really mean nothing . We destroy you house and your life because we love you , mom and dad.The only bright spot of the film comes from an uncredited appearance by That 70 's show 's Ashton Kutchner , who steals the show -LRB- for however few minutes he has -RRB- as Perabo 's actor boyfriend . His scenes at the table with the rest of the family and the attack by the family 's dog are quite funny . Unfortunately , he has very few scenes in the film.As for the writing ... Joel Cohen wrote Toy story , so that should mean there 's some quality here , right ? Wrong ! He also wrote Garfield
 Or read the book . The Original and the book were way better and could make you laugh , unlike this trivial piece of horrendous drivel . This is a travisty to the utmost power of hate .
 Steve Martin plays , err Steve Martin -LRB- surprise -RRB- in the feelgood family `` ahhh `` movie release over the holiday season last year . Somehow encumbered with 12 children he bumbles through a cheesy plot and encounters many hilarious yet touching episodes and lessons in life on how to be a good father , friend , confidante , and most importantly how to boost a recently flagging career with this kind of non taxing and benign drivel .
 I have 26 kids including myself in my family that is over twice as much as what this family has!The first one was good but this one only had a few good actors like steve martin but hillary duff , the kid who plays superman in smallville and allison stoner all need to find a better place for themselves besides hollywood !
 This is laughably bad . Nothing makes sense ; it lacks cohesion and lighting abilities . HORRIBLE Dialogue and ACTING . HORRIBLE Dialogue and ACTING . I can not explain this any better . Only watch this if you want to see a movie that is a hilarious train wreck , be my guest . I ca n't get over how bad this is . There is one scene involving girls making the stupidest pain groans -LRB- which are pointless and do n't make any sense -RRB- , it is SO FUNNY !!!!!! 0/10 and I 'm being nice . -LRB- Trust me -RRB-
 The people in this movie are just down right horrible . Every single one of them . Except maybe for the older kids . They 're alright . I hate everybody else . Bonnie Hunt and Steve Martin are the worst parents on earth ! Their kids are playing hockey in the house and one kid is almost killed along with Steve Martin and nobody seems to mind ! Things get broken every other minute , kids get in fights , they destroy other people 's property , they sick their dog on their sister 's boyfriend , they flunk out of school , they run away from home . They 're HORRIBLE children ! And the kids at the school are horrible as well . This family moves out of the country into the city and the city kids are these stuck up jerks who pick on these country kids , even though they do n't resemble country kids at all , for no reason . They put corn in the oldest boy 's locker . Why ? Because he wears a hat ? And their neighbor is horrible as well . When one of the kids is missing , Bonnie Hunt goes next door to see if they know where he is and the mother there mocks her ! She says `` You 'll never find him ! '' What a monster ! And Steve Martin 's boss is a jerk too . Everybody in this movie is a jerk ! But it would have been bearable if it were n't for those screaming monster children . I could n't stand that . Except for the poor Fed Ex boy who loss his frog . The poor kid 's frog dies and he 's left to cry in his room all by himself . I 'd run away from that house too . And why did n't they move back to the country in the end ? Steve Martin quits his job but they do n't move back . Their problem was n't his job . Their problem was they do n't know how to raise kids .
 I do n't know if anyone else feels this way , but Steve Martin 's career seems to be going downhill . His last two movies , `` Bringing Down The House '' and `` Loonie Tunes
 This rates as possibly the very worst film I have ever seen . Non-stop cliched gross-out gags made me want to poke my eyes out within five minutes . The movie basically only sent the message that if kids are bratty enough , they can manipulate their parents into doing anything.The characters , unfortunately even including the father played by Steve Martin , were entirely one-dimensional and totally unendearing . I only wish that I could rate this a fraction of a star on this review scale.If you really want your kids to come away with impressions of family values or moral lessons , check out Pollyanna -LRB- Hayley Mills -RRB- or the Anne of Green Gables series . Something like The Music Man , either the Robert Preston or Matthew Broderick version , would be more fun and less mind-numbing for any audience than this . Save your money , time , and brain cells by giving this one a wide pass .
 werd y' allthis movie is badmur F is c U l werd but lil bowwowow has C orn rows , o KSERIOUSLYwerdpeace outmanwerdy'all
 Ah ... `` Like Mike '' . What 's to be said about this current masterpiece that has n't been said already ? Beautiful ... ingenious ... breathtaking ... simply stunning . I thought movies like `` Scarface '' and `` The Exorcist '' were well written and fantastic , but this ... this is simply the best . Move over , Robert DeNiro - there 's a new Hollywood legend in town , and his name is Little Bow Wow.When Little Bow Wow finds the shoes that say `` MJ '' in them , well , I could n't possible have imagined where this story was going . But when I found out that he would gain great basketball-playing skills by wearing them , I cried `` BRAVISSIMO ! '' and gave it a standing ovation . I mean , really ! Who ever would have thought of that ? And when Little Bow Wow joined the NBA , performed insane tricks , and got attention from all of the NBA , well , I actually had to run to the bathroom and dunk my head in the sink and remind myself it was just a movie . I walked back , and watched more . It was n't until Little Bow Wow was bragging to his little friend about getting room service that ... I wept . I shed a tear . `` E.T. '' wishes it could be this heartwarming , touching , and memorable.All in all , I think this movie is a masterpiece . And trust me , I am a man who knows his movies.Although sometimes my sarcasm gets the best of me ...
 Why is Lil ' Bow Wow such a little fruitcake and why is this movie awful ?
 OK , so two of our children watched the movie and liked it . I guess it was made for them , and at that level is not that bad , but it 's not a great one for parents to endure . If you want glowing reviews , check the under-12 review section.This is the story of an orphan who gets picked on by bigger guys . He comes across some shoes that have `` MJ '' initialed in them . When he puts them on he becomes the best basketball player in the world , humiliating today 's current stars , who all seem to be having a good time in the movie.Two reasons it ca n't get more stars than me . Maybe the kids have not seen countless films with exactly the same plot , so for them it 's pretty fresh . But this is the same old story of a very bad team getting some new factor added to their chemistry that makes them winners . When the new factor is there , they all play way above their former levels . When the new factor is not available , they all stand around not knowing what to do . And there is a big game at the end , where the factor showing up or not , instead of everybody continuing on their own merits becomes the big concern . And on and on.But that does n't bug me so much . Part of the economy of Hollywood consists of the need to put out new products every week , and there are only so many original ideas . It 's not art , but it keeps people employed and young ones who do n't know any better occupied for awhile.What does bother me is when the factor introduced to make the team a winner gives them an unfair advantage . `` Angels in the Outfield '' did the same thing . In that movie , balls were caught that should n't have been , and hits were made that should n't have been . As rewards come with winning , it means that the team that has just won with this unfair advantage , and the losing team , with more talent , does not get these rewards . Also , in the case of this movie , who is the player who has to work hard , but get benched when a little kid with magic shoes bumps him out of the lineup?Finally , the writers have to be careful when constructing the `` factor '' that makes the play better . What if the kid found a bottle of magic pills that did the same thing ? That would be a big no-no , as we start getting into performance-enhancing-drug territory . But then , if drugs are banned because they can give an unfair -LRB- if short-term -RRB- advantage , are n't magic shoes in the same territory ? Or angels ? Or flubber ? I hate to be a spoil-sport on this , but I think these movies teach kids to look for the gimmick to win , instead of working hard , which is what it 's going to take in real life .
 This movie went down at # 2 on my top ten worst movies list . This movie is devoid of all things good and fails in everything . The story sucks , the characters suck , the humor sucks , and the special effects are very cheesy . Not even the hot cheeleaders will elicit any excitement because of how bad this movie is . Do n't buy it if you value your soul and do n't want to lose it to the poisonous suckage . If you watch it have someone break the disc shortly afterwards and call a priest to perform an excorcism on your DVD player , your TV , in fact , your whole house .
 This movie is just about some kid who wants to copy a famous basketball player , that 's all.The acting is terrible , there is no plot , and the whole movie was just one big endorsement for Lil Bow-Wow . Do n't watch this movie-rent `` Space Jam '' instead .
 this movie has NO CLIMAX what so ever ! this movie was made ONLY to make lil bow wow better than eveyrone else in the planet ! if allen iverson wasnt in the movie , i wouldnt have rented this . warning
 werd y' allthis movie is badmur F is c U l werd but lil bowwowow has C orn rows , o KSERIOUSLYwerdpeace outmanwerdy'all
 This movie is n't worth too much thought . It 's basically one of those Disney live action things we saw as kids in a `` cafetorium '' while sitting cross-legged -- you know , the ones with the short beforehand that started with the paintbrush `` painting in '' the wildlife setting ? -LRB- `` In the Spraaaang , the young otters retahrn to Bahr Coun-tree ... '' -RRB- Anyone who ever saw `` The Computer Wore Tennis Shoes '' will recognize the tone and plot of the `` Like Mike '' instantly.The performances are pretty good , though . Despite straight-as-an-arrow writing that has no surprises , you get people like Eugene Levy in the supporting parts . You get some fun cameos from real NBA players , and you get Crispin Glover as a truly creepy villain for a movie like this . The coach of l'il Bow Wow 's team does a decent job with little to go on , and aside from Glover the adults and kids in the movie interact pretty credibly . Nobody 's a complete idiot -- that 's kind of unusual in a kids ' movie , now I think of it . The movie 's well-cast and well-acted , for what it is.Most of all , though , you get Morris Chestnut 's performance as Tracy , the NBA player assigned to keep track of the kid phenom . Chestnut really made the movie for me . He took the sort of role that could have been career death , and he made the movie . He 's good enough that I looked him up afterward , to see what else he 'd done.Anyway , if you do happen to have kids who would like to see this one , do n't assume you wo n't be able to sit through it with them . It 's got its points .
 Hi , this is Rookie of the Year , I 'd like my plot back
 the game is too realistic to produce any fun . there are lot of things which the computer knowns and the players do n't . unfortunatly the computer gets a head start at things . the realism takes the fun things out of it . unreasonable things also go wrong in this game . characters do n't follow what u tell them to do , it should be that way !
 First of all let me just say that if you liked cossacks you 'll like this game to.Personally , I hate ` build-fest ' games where the number of units you build is much more important than strategy or tactics.I much prefer Medieval Total War to this game.Multiplayer suffers from horrible lag , I do n't know what the deal is with that.Indian units have rediculously low morale
 I first looked on Amazon and thought American Conquest was a cool game , I even found a discount for the gold edition . It looked like a good game right ? Wrong ! I threw some money right down the drain!ProsThe game has an awosome campain.You get a great variety of civs . -LRB- Though they basicly just look diffrent . -RRB- You get a ton of units.The music was n't terribly annoyingConsThe game laggs way , way too much . -LRB- At the time I had more than half my memorey , which is 37 gigs . -RRB- The game was way too realisic . -LRB- As in if you run low on recorces all your millatry units would turn on you , or out of fifty freacking guys only one acually hits the guy and it takes like three minutes just to reload . -RRB- When one building or ship is hit it keeps on taking dammage even when your villagers repair it.The second you build a guy recorces start depleting -LRB- There for you need like 150 guys just to be working on one recorce to stop it from going down at break neck speedAND FINALLY THE THING THAT IS NOT JUST STUPID BUT IS MY FINAL PLEA NOT TO BUY THIS GAME IS THAT IT DESTROYS YOUR COMPUTER !!!!! My dad and I are complete computer tecno wizards and it took both of us a month to un-do every all the damage American Conquest did to me .
 I loved this game when I used to play it on XP
 Previous version worked great - this version a dog . Hangs up in every campaign . Could be my pc but or installation .
 Period games are admittedly a tough genre . Games , by definition , should be fun to play ; however , historical games should also have the ring of authenticity . Unfortunately , the vast majority of period games tend to fall into one extreme or the other , being either fun to play and not very authentic or historically accurate and dull . American Conquest proves to be no exception to this trend . While some aspects of the game are close to the historical reality - such as lengthy pauses while units reload , an emphasis on linear tactics , and a progression of weaponry from polearms and matchlocks , to muskets and rifles , to rifled muskets - many features of the game are complete fantasy . Take the Bunker Hill scenario , for example . In this scenario one would expect to encounter the Whig -LRB- American rebel -RRB- fortifications on Breed 's and Bunker hills , as well as the British batteries on Copp 's Hill ; see the village of Charlestown ; and view the British landing their troops on Moulton 's Point . Instead , at the very beginning of the scenario the British are placed inside a town that has a fort , wooden buildings that resemble modern-day storage sheds , and 19th century stone houses . The Whig militia , instead of wearing frock coats , laborer 's and sailor 's jackets , are in late-war Continentals coats and have support from Continental dragoons . They too are placed inside fortified towns or are rambling about in patches of woods , and instead of holding behind earthworks they are advancing to destroy you . If you are quick enough to take the battle to the Whigs , attacking the fortified towns quickly becomes like tackling Stalingrad , where every house and work building becomes a fortified installation that needs to be cleared or blown apart . While blockhouse and house-to-house fighting did occur in 18th century North America -LRB- e.g. Fort Vause ; Chew House during Battle of Germantown ; Battle of Hampton ; Battle of Trenton -RRB- , it did not occur in most 18th century battles in North America , including the Battle of Bunker Hill . The rest of the scenarios in this game are equally bungled . For those who like period-esque games and enjoy watching their history from Hollywood , this game will certainly be a winner . Those desiring something accurate to the historical battles should skip this one .
 This game might have been good 15 years ago but it is far out of date now . The tiny little people rushing around are difficult to control and the game is just , well , primitive . Go for something more modern , such as Civilization .
 Bought it , thought Lucas Arts would have a Win 7 patch , but nooooooo . It 's is not backwards compatible either . Do n't buy until Lucas Arts gets its act together !!!
 If you are running windows 7 on a newer PC than I would not suggest you buy this package . I was only able to get 2 of the 5 games to work , Battlefront and Republic Commando . Both of those games were pretty good and I did enjoy them , however you can buy each of them separately for much less than this package.I really bought this for Knights of the Old Republic but that game will not function on Windows 7 . When I contacted LucasArts support they told me they would not help me and I could research it on my own . Never one time did the support representative give their name or sign an e-mail . This is VERY dissapointing as I 've heard a lot of good things about Knights of the Old Republic , and I wanted to play this in preparation of `` The Old Republic '' being released at the end of the year . Now I 'm not so sure I 'll do that given my poor experience with LucasArts .
 After going to the trouble and expense of adding memory to my Dell Inspiron laptop , this game still does not work . It now passes all of the system requirement tests , but still dies with an error before it even comes up . What a waste of time and money . I give up .
 Esta collecion incluye titulos unicos en la saga de StarWars para videojuegos de PC . 5 impresionantes titulos de modalidad de juego distinta prometen ke este pack sera uno de los mejores x venderse .
 Lucas Arts is the worst manufaturers of games ever . I have played many pc games . This and the other Star Wars games is the worst yet . I would not recommend that any pc game lover stay away .
 I have seen some reviews complaining about the quality of CDs and since I had this problem too , I wanted to make it visible . Tried my DVDs on 4 different computers which never had any problem with any heavier games , they would only work in one and only 2 of the 4 games . In fact the game behaves as if the CDs were not recognizable/authentic . It `` ignores '' them.Support outside the US is a subcontractor which basically makes you test the hell out of everything , upgrade firmwares and all kinds of stuff until you give up . And I gave up after 3 weeks . In the meanwhile you go to the forums and learn there were some bad manufacturing batches of DVDs but no one ever tried to check if mine were in those batches.My kid is very disappointed and so am I with this bad support . The 2 games I managed to start are fine though especially because the Star Wars magic is in there .
 I waited longer than normal for this go get here which i was ok with because i was incredibly excited for it . turns out it was missing the discs . its a computer game . they literally sent me the case . cant send it back because i have to pay for that myself so i might as well just buy a new one
 I find the title `` Best of '' misleading , if not insulting.A `` Best of PC '' Star Wars pack should include the first two Dark Forces titles and Tie Fighter.In the mid to late 90 's , Lucas Arts shelled out hit after hit . Now , deep in the 2000 's , the company is flailing.If anything , these titles are the best of this century . And aside from Knights of the Old Republic , they are still B average games.Commando is fun , but short . Battlefront is hectic but becomes repetative , and Total War at it 's core is just a mediocre Real Time Strategy game.Knights of the Old Republic was a great game , and we have Bio-Ware to thank for it . Lucas just allowed them to use his franchise.I grew up with Lucasarts , but somewhere around 2001 it abandoned me . Episode I came out and the creative spark died , as if for 15 years writers and game designers had created a beautiful fort in the living room , but then dad came home -LRB- Old Man Lucas -RRB- and tore it down . `` Star Wars is a kids show , with Jar Jar and goofy slapstick ! Now make me video games that reflect this disney-fied lowest-common-denominator audience ! `` You are better off buying KOTOR on -LSB- ... -RSB- for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- and skipping the rest .
 I 'm not sure if this happened to anyone else but it sure happened to me . I purchased the game and took it home . . fine . I then installed and played each of the five games one after another ... awesome . I enjoyed each one in full especially KOTOR . After wards i uninstalled each game so iI would n't have the excess memory taken up . But of course I am gon na wan na play these games again sooner or later but I did n't expect this at all . When I went to reinstall the Kotor/empire at war disc the drive would n't read it at all . No scratches no marks of any kind on the disc it just would not read . So I then tried the disc with the three remaining games . Well , the same thing happened . Overall I was only able to play each game once before the discs themselves would n't be readable . I give 5 stars for the games but 2 for the product
 bought for knight of the old republic , jedi outcast , and empire at war . I have a fairly new 64 bit machine , win 7 ultimate , 8 gigs of ram , newish nvida card , quad core 2.54 ghz processor , and plenty of hard drive room and the only program that works -LRB- of the three i tried -RRB- was jedi knight II
 As others have said , this was a much-anticipated game . I played Caesar II and III and was extremely excited when I heard that IV was coming out.What a letdown!I did n't have any of the installation errors that others have mentioned , and I have n't had the game crash on me . However , the game is unplayable on my system - which is only a year old - unless I turn down 90 % of the advanced graphics . By `` unplayable '' , I mean ten seconds or more of waiting between the time you click with your mouse , and when the game responds . Even with the graphics turned down , I still get lag when the auto-save starts . As mouse-control is essential when building roads or aquaducts , this is aggravating in the extreme.It appears that Sierra 's programmers and designers put a lot of work into upgrading the graphics . Too bad I ca n't see them!The interface is horrible and takes up the right half of the screen at 1280x1024 resolution . This means that you must rotate the map to build along the right edge . I much prefer the `` tabbed '' building interface of the other city-building games.Although you can build roads along the diagonals in this game - which you could n't in earlier versions - the interface is not smart enough to auto-rotate the buildings to fit along the roads . You have to click and drag to rotate buildings , and lag - even at the low graphics settings - can make this an exercise in frustration.I dislike the new warehouse management panel . The sliders might look cool , but they 're slow -LRB- lag ! -RRB- . I would 've liked to see additional options for `` only store basic goods '' , `` only store luxury goods '' , etc. . This would take some of the pain out of managing them . Trade ports are different also - you ca n't see prices!It appears that some of the scenarios have hidden milestones that you have to meet in order to advance . In the one I 'm playing right now , I 'm stuck because my prosperity rating will not rise above 36 -LRB- 50 required to win -RRB- . I have over 30,000 denarii in my treasury , and have been turning a hefty profit -LRB- and meeting various demands from Rome -RRB- for at least eight years of game-time . I have met and exceeded all other requirements for victory , but prosperity continues to elude me . My city is almost completely automated by now - the only thing I do is respond to Rome 's requests for goods or cash . My advisors have nothing helpful to say . It 's not fun if I ca n't advance.So while the game is pretty - from what I can see of it - it 's got too many frustrations to be worth much more of my time .
 I started with Caesar2 back when it came out . I played it for hours and hours and loved it . When Caesar3 came out I bought that too and loved it even more and spent even more time playing . Both Caesar2 and 3 rarely crashed . Things have changed!I 'm spending more and more of my time restarting Caesar4 than I am playing it . About 8 out of 10 times that I access the area where you trade with other cities it crashes . Without trading , you make little money and the game is essentially over.Other problems I 'm seeing is overall performance . I do n't have the fastest machine -LRB- AMD 2.1 ghz , 512ram , rockin ' video card with 256meg of mem -RRB- but there are irritating 1 second delays in addition to the crashes . I find the whole game to be difficult to use . This was not the case with Caesar3.Unless they issue a patch , I 'm done feel frustrated with crashes . Maybe I can dumb down the graphic setting to get rid of the delays.My suggestion ? Wait for a patch before buying -- or move on . - jason
 The Caesar heritage , as well as the `` spinoffs '' -LRB- Pharoah and Cleopatra -RRB- set a high standard for this series of games . Unfortunately , Caesar 4 had a different design team than the previous Caesar games , and as in many -LRB- if not most -RRB- cases where a new Studio takes over someone else 's idea , they just did n't `` get it '' -LRB- the `` it '' being that indefinable thing that made the previous games so popular -RRB- . They attempted to make the transition to full 3-D , but as was the case with the Rollercoaster Tycoon franchise , the 3D version just plain stinks . If you 're a big fan of Caesar 3 , I strongly suggest that you download and play the demo before considering buying this game.Like many others , I 've waited a long time for this next installment in the Caesar series , and can only say that it 's a huge disappointment . One of the great features of the earlier games was how housing evolved from mere tents to palaces , and how YOU were involved in that process , by providing specific goods to your city-dwellers . Well , that 's been completely removed , and now you simply plop down whatever housing style you want right from the get-go . There 's no `` improvement '' in this game . Rather than founding your city and watching it grow and mature , this is more like `` Burpee Garden Designer '' or any other similar program , where you simply place objects on the terrain and you have the completed end-product right away.With games such as Company of Heroes showing us how detailed 3D buildings and people can be , this game 's graphics appear more like something you would have expected to see 10 or 15 years ago . The people are almost stick-figures , and the scale of the buildings is about 40-50 % too large for this type of game . I 'm extremely disappointed in the end result , and urge Vivendi and Sierra to look for a different design studio if they plan on keeping this series alive . It 's quite possible that the poor sales of Caesar 4 will spell the end of the Caesar series .
 A greatly improved version of C3 but with one of the worst interfaces in the gaming world . I even purchased a new hard wired custom gaming mouse to make the game playable ... without success.Bottom line is do n't buy this game unless Sierra/Tilted Mill improves the interface .
 Very pretty , if you can keep it working long enough.Before you spend your money , I suggest you check out the official forums for the game . They 're flooded with technical fault reports.The `` fixes '' often include suggestions to roll back drivers , turning off graphics features -LRB- ! -RRB- , reformatting the PC -LRB- !! -RRB- etc. . I 've personally made numerous configuration changes , on a well above spec machine , and the game still crashes at clearly defined points , making the game unplayable.The game simply does not run on all machines above the required minimum spec .
 As a fan of Caesar III I was VERY disappointed with this game . The only noticeable improvement from Caesar III was a slight tweak to the graphics . Short of that , everything else is downhill . The central flaw of this new installment is that the designers overly complicated things . Each building has a different size , each sector requires a different type of citizen and nothing can be easily monitored . To someone who enjoys planning a large city beforehand , Caesar IV is a nightmare . Example
 This one turned out badly and I hate to say I bought it . Buggy worse than normal , it is a rough game . The fact that another patch is not yet available is terrible . The support site blames your system or card but offers no practical solutions . Too bad . I trusted PC Gamer 's review and it is the first time they let me down but they have adapted more of a partnership with the game companies now and a liberal grading program that passes more stinkers . Do not buy this game ... even when working it is not but a bargain bin game .
 Having been a huge fan of the Caesar franchise , I was dying to see what new features the newest offering , Caesar IV , had in store . Unfortunately , all I found was an incredibly clunky UI that did not allow for any semblance of gameplay whatsoever . Navigating the screen is incredibly frustrating as the UI seems to be 14 steps behind where the mouse is . For example , place the cursor on the map edge and nothing happens for about 45 seconds , then the point of view jerks radically to some unknown place . Hovering over icons do produce a tip , but clicking on them does n't seem to have any effect . With all of this , it is impossible to zero on any map point and forget about placing objects where you want them.With a computer that more than exceeds the recommended requirements of the game , I am very much suprised that a game this unmanageable exists.I guess it 's back to Caesar III for me !
 I wouldt recommend any sierra games because they are basically the same , you always have to fight to keep you city going and the graphics are lame .
 I ca n't rate the game really , because I 'm afraid to buy it . With much anticipation of the final release , I downloaded the demo . It would n't run . Not a good advertising ploy . Well , something else will come along to get me interested again ...
 I 've played this game for a few days now , and I find it to be clumsy and difficult to work with . I really liked Caesar III , as I felt I could really get a strategic sense of what I was doing in a mission . This game feels just too big to get anything done . Certainly it could be said that the graphic improvements are legion , but does it improve the play of the game ? For me no , it makes it worse.I would download the demo and try it for yourself before buying this game !
 First thing-the graphics are far prettier than any of the current 3 Caesar games out there . Having said that-this game had a major bug right at the release . How is that possible ? Is it unreasonable to expect a U.S. company to produce a flawless product ? Probably not , but Tilted Mill has some of the the best pros in the industry . Basic bugs killed any enjoyment for me and the scenario editor is an unworkable mess . The advice offered by the techno weenies on the forums are beyond comprehension of the average consumer.Far better to go with CivCity Rome.Update
 Apparently , this game does not play we have tried unsuccessfully to figure out why , it keeps saying that it needs the original disk installed . We supposedly bought a new game and not a copy . When trying to research it others have had the same problem ...
 I got attached to Caesar II , and ordered version IV thinking to find an even more pleasureable experience . Unfortunately , this game is so complicated to manage that one 's ability to build beautiful cities and/or govern a province is lost in the morassof killer details . I say `` killer '' because dead is what you swiftly become for not being able to fulfill the myraid obligations and requirements the game throws at you . If you enjoy multitasking on impossible deadlines with overbearing bosses , then this game is for you ! If you 'd rather relax , stick to chess or something else that 's actually fun to play !
 I should have read the majority of the reviews before I tried to install this piece of crap . Wo n't load cab3 files . Wo n't load , ca n't play it , no good , piece of crap.If you need to spend as much time looking for and applying fixes and work arounds to make software run then that 's just a sign of extremely sloppy production practices . Do they test these before releasing them , what 's the story?A very frustrating waste of time and energy.I will not be looking for any Siera products in the near future you can count on that .
 I would like to give you a review of the game , but I ca n't . I 've barely gotten to building the second city and THE GAME KEEPS CRASHING ON ME !!! Be warned . I 've never had trouble from a game like this before . What little I have got to play it , I agree with the annoyance of all the submenus and having to click several times before a building stays put . It makes me long for the simple days of Caesar III .
 I have read all the other reviews of people having difficulty to run the game , but bought it anyway . I am such a Caesar 3 addict , that I had to have this , even if it is buggy.So I got it and started playing , and it looked great . Then it started crashing . I got the patch , which refused to install , giving me a message I 'm running the wrong version of the game . Got the other patch , but it is doing the same.Last night , after less than a week since I got Caesar 4 , I uninstalled it , very very disappointed indeed.Don ' t do it to yourself .
